

Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2008. - 


Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2008.
[Pages 1039-1053]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--Robert M. Zatkowski.
Assistant Directors: Laura L. Eckart, Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Director.--Edward V. Pesce.
Assistant Directors: Justin Wilson, Shawna Blair.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Richard E. Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Tracy Schmidt, Time Magazine
                                            Ben Pershing, Roll Call
                                            Danielle Knight, U.S. News & 
                                                World Report
                                            Heather Rothman, BNA News
                                            Eamon Javers, Business Week
                                            Margaret Shreve, Tax Notes

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch. House organs are not eligible.

[[Page 1040]]

    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                           Dianne Feinstein,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1041]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Abramson, Julie L.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Abse, Nathan: Federal Employees News Digest

Ackley, Kate: Roll Call

Acord, David: Food Chemical News

Adhicary, Dave: Tax Notes

Aingst, Martin: Die Zeit

Ainsley, Laura: CD Publications

Alexis, Alexei: BNA News

Ali, Aman A.: The Hill

Allen, James O. ``Jim'': The Hill

Almeras, Jon S.: Tax Notes

Altstadt, David: MII Publications

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Ambinder, Marc: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Andersen, Ericka L.: Human Events

Anderson, Thomas M.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Andrews, Catherine: Washingtonian

Anselmo, Joseph: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Antonides, David Scott: Tax Notes

Aplin, Donald, G, BNA News

Apokis, Dimitrios: Investor's World

Aquino, John, T, BNA News

Archer, Jeffrey Robert: Education Week

Arnoult, Sandra: Penton Media Inc.

Ash, Katie A.: Education Week

Ashburn, Elyse: Chronicle of Higher Education

Ashton, Jerome C.: BNA News

Ashworth, Jerry: Thompson Publishing Group

Asker, James R.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Assam, Cecelia: BNA News

Astor, April M.: Washington Business Information

Atkins, Pamela S.: BNA News

Atlas, Stephen Terry: U.S. News & World Report

Atwood, John Filar: CCH Inc.

Aulino, Margaret: BNA News

Ault, Alicia: International Medical News Group

Ayayo, Herman P.: Tax Notes

Ayers, Carl Albert: UCG

Babbin, Jed L.: Human Events

Baer, Susan: Washingtonian

Bagley, Moira C.: Roll Call

Bailey, Holly: Newsweek

Bailey, Anna: Inside Washington Publishers, FDA Week

Bain, Ben: Federal Computer Week

Baker, Samuel U.: Inside Washington Publishers

Ballenstedt, Brittany R.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

Banner, Valerie: UCG

Barak, Sarah: Thompson Publishing Group

Barbagallo, Paul: Telecommunications Reports

Bardwell, Brian: Tax Notes

Barnes, Fred, W.: Weekly Standard

Barnes, James A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Barr, Andrew: The Hill

Barrett, Randy: National Journal Group, National Journal

Barry, John A.: Newsweek

Bartholet, Jeffrey I.: Newsweek

Bartlett, Thomas E.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Barton, Robert L.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Basken, Paul A.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Basu, Sandra L.: U.S. Medicine

Baumann, Jeannie: BNA News

Bazelon, Emily: Slate

Beam, Jacob Christopher: Slate

Beaman, William P.: Reader's Digest

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bedard, Paul: U.S. News & World Report

Beizer, Douglas: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Bell, Kevin A.: Tax Notes

Bell, John R.: International Medical News Group

Benjamin, Mark: Salon

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Bennett, Heather: Tax Notes

Bennett, Brian: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Bennett, John T.: Army Times Publishing Co., Defense News

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

Ben-Yosef, Andrea, L.: BNA News

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Brian: Space News

Berlin, Joshua L.: FDC Reports

Berman, Dan: Environment & Energy Publishing

Berman, Ari: Nation

Berry, Attila L.: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Best, Frank M.: U.S. Medicine

Bhambhani, Dipka: McGraw-Hill Co.

Bieryla, Doreen: UCG

Billings, Erin P.: Roll Call

Billings, Deborah D.: BNA News

Bivins, Amy: BNA News

Blake, Whitney: Weekly Standard

[[Page 1042]]

Blake, Aaron: The Hill

Blake, JoAnn D.: UCG

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Block, Jonathan N.: FDC Reports

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bogardus, Kevin J.: The Hill

Bolen, Cheryl: BNA News

Bollag, Burton: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bolton, Alexander: The Hill

Bolton, Elizabeth: Thompson Publishing Group

Bomster, Mark W.: Education Week

Bond, David: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Bontrager, Eric: Environment & Energy Publishing

Borchersen-Keto, Sarah A.: CCH Inc.

Borgia, Kevin C.: Inside Washington Publishers

Borja, Rhea R.: Education Week

Boyd, John D.: Traffic World

Boyle, Katherine V.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Boyles, William R.: Health Market Survey

Bracken, Leonard: BNA News

Brady, Matthew: National Underwriter

Brainard, Jeffrey H.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Brandon, Emily L.: U.S. News & World Report

Braun, Kevin D.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Breier, Ben: Inside Washington Publishers

Brevetti, Rossella E.: BNA News

Brinton, S. Turner: Space News

Briscoe, Daren: Newsweek

Bristow, Melissa S.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Brodsky, Robert G.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brotherton, Elizabeth: Roll Call

Brown, Janet M.: Press Associates

Brown, Jill: Atlantic Information Services

Brown, Steven G.: FDC Reports

Brown, Penelope M.: Traffic World

Brownstein, Andrew D.: Thompson Publishing Group

Bruce, R. Christian: BNA News

Brumfiel, Geoff: Nature

Bruno, Michael: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Brush, Silla: U.S. News & World Report

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Buchta, Cheryl: McGraw-Hill Co.

Buckley, Elizabeth: Food Chemical News

Buhl, John M.: Tax Notes

Bullock, Lorinda M.: International Medical News Group

Bunch, Sonny: Weekly Standard

Buntin, John: Governing

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Burnham, Michael P.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Buschman, Thomas: Thompson Publishing Group

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Butler, Amy: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Byrne, James S.: CD Publications

Byus, Jonathan: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Caggiano, Jr., Gabriel R.: Montgomery County Sentinel

Cain, Derrick: BNA News

Calabresi, Massimo T.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

Cano, Craig: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cardman, Michael: Thompson Publishing Group

Carey, John A.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Carlile, Amy: Roll Call

Carlile, Nathan: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Carlson, Jeffrey E.: CCH Inc.

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal Group, National Journal

Carney, James F.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Carpenter, Amanda: Human Events

Carr, Jennifer: Tax Notes

Carroll, Conn M.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Caruso, Lisa: National Journal Group, National Journal

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cassidy, William B.: Traffic World

Castelli, Chistopher: Inside Washington Publishers

Castelli, Elise: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Cauthen, Carey: Thompson Publishing Group

Cavallaro, Gina: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cavanagh, Sean: Education Week

Cavas, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co., Defense News

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Cech, Scott J.: Education Week

Censer, Marjorie J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Chan, Wade-Hahn: Federal Computer Week

Chappell, Kevin U.: Jet/Ebony

Chemnick, Jean: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cherkasky, Mara: Thompson Publishing Group

Cherry, Sheila: BNA News

Chibbaro, Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childress, Rasheeda Crayton: Business Publishers

Chronister, Gregory: Education Week

Cinquegrani, Gayle: BNA News

Clapp, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Clark, Timothy: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Clark, Colin: Space News

Clark, Ben C.: Washingtonian

Clarke, David Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Clemmitt, Marcia: CQ Researcher

Click, Jennifer S.: BNA News

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Coder, Jeremiah G.: Tax Notes

[[Page 1043]]

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Cohen, Janey: BNA News

Cohen, Alan F.: UCG

Cohn, Elizabeth S.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cole, Torie D.: CCH Inc.

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Eve: Atlantic Information Services

Collogan, David L.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Comer, John Matthew: Environment & Energy Publishing

Compart, Andrew W.: Travel Weekly

Conant, Eve K.: Newsweek

Conroy, Declan: Setanta Publishing

Continetti, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Cook, Steven: BNA News

Cook, Jr., Charles E.: Cook Political Report

Cooper, Stephen K.: CCH Inc.

Cooper, Rebecca A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Corbett, Warren: Set-Aside Alert

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Corn, David: Nation

Cornibert, Stefan S.: Inside Washington Publishers, Inside EPA

Cottle, M. Michelle: New Republic

Coughlin, Brett G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Couillard, Lauren: BNA News

Cowden, Richard H.: BNA News

Cox, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cox, Ana Marie: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Coyle, Marcia: American Lawyer Media, National Law Journal

Coyne, Martin: McGraw-Hill Co.

Crabtree, Susan: The Hill

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawford, Elizabeth: UCG

Crea, Joe: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Crider, Richard: Thompson Publishing Group

Crook, Clive: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Crowley, Michael L.: New Republic

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Cruz, Gilbert: Time Magazine

Curran, John: Telecommunications Reports

Currie, Duncan M.: Weekly Standard

Cusack, Robert: The Hill

Dahl, Julia E.: Salon

Daigneau, Elizabeth: Governing

Darcey, Susan: FDC Reports

Davidson, Mark: McGraw-Hill Co.

Davies, Stephen A.: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Steve: Atlantic Information Services

Davis, Susan: Roll Call

Davis, Michelle R.: Education Week

Davis, Molly: Inside Washington Publishers

Davis, Shannon: Inside Washington Publishers

Davis, Jeffrey J.: Transportation Weekly

Davis, Kimberly V.: Thompson Publishing Group

Davis, Bronwyn L.: BNA News

Day, Jeff: BNA News

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

DeLeon, Carrie: Telecommunications Reports

Dembeck, Chet E.: CD Publications

Dennis, Steven T.: Roll Call

Devernoe, Tanya: BNA News

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

Dickerson, John F.: Slate

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

Dinnage, Russell: Environment & Energy Publishing

DiSciullo, Joseph: Tax Notes

Dizard, Wilson: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

DoBias, Matthew: Crain Communications

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Dolley, Steven: McGraw-Hill Co.

Dombroski, Cathy H.: FDC Reports

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill Co.

Doolittle, Amy J.: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Dorobek, Christopher: Federal Computer Week

Douglass, Linda: National Journal

Doyle, John M.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Doyle, Tim: Forbes

Draper, Robert L.: GQ Magazine

Drew, Elizabeth: New York Review of Books

Dreyfuss, Robert C.: Rolling Stone

Drucker, David M.: Roll Call

Dube, Lawrence E.: BNA News

Dudley, Amy G.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Duffy, Jennifer: Cook Political Report

Duffy, Michael W.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Duffy, Thomas Patrick: Inside Washington Publishers

Duncan, Alexander: Exchange Monitor Publications, McGraw-Hill Co.

Dunham, Richard S.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Duran, Nicole: Roll Call

Eastland, Terry: Weekly Standard

Easton, Nina J.: Time Inc., Fortune Magazine

Eby, Deborah: Business Publishers

Edmondson, Thomas: BNA News

Edmonson, Robert G.: Traffic World

Edney, Hazel Trice: Afro American Newspapers

Edsall, Thomas B.: New Republic

Edwards, Charles J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Edwards, Thomas J.: CD Publications

[[Page 1044]]

Eggerton, John S.: Reed Business Information, Broadcasting & Cable

Eglovitch, Joanne S.: FDC Reports

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eisler, Kim: Washingtonian

Elfin, Dana: BNA News

Ellis, Isobel: National Journal Group, National Journal

Elmore, Wesley: Tax Notes

Emeigh, Jr., Geoffrey: BNA News

Engan, Luke: Inside Washington Publishers

Ephron, Dan: Newsweek

Epstein, Keith: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Ericksen, Charles A.: Hispanic Link News Service

Esparza, Eddy Ramirez: U.S. News & World Report

Esquivel, J. Jesus: Proceso

Ethridge, Emily V.: Washington Business Information

Evans, Jeffrey: International Medical News Group

Evans, Larry E.: BNA News

Ezzard, Catherine Sullivan: BNA News

Fabian, Thecla: BNA News

Fabey, Michael: Traffic World

Fain, Paul A.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fairbanks, Eve R.: New Republic

Fallows, James: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Fanshel, Fran: UCG

Farrell, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fauver, Michael: Thompson Publishing Group

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Ferguson, Andrew: Weekly Standard

Ferguson, Brett: BNA News

Fernandez, Lourdes B.: Inside Washington Publishers

Ferris, Nancy B.: Federal Computer Week

Ferullo, Michael: BNA News

Fessenden, Helen: The Hill

Fickling, Amy: McGraw-Hill Co.

Field, Kelly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Field, Christopher: Human Events

Filmore, David: FDC Reports

Finan, Colin: Inside Washington Publishers

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

Finet, J.P.: BNA News

Fiorino, Frances: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Fischer, Karin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fisher, Elizabeth: National Review

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Congressional Digest

Fleet, Leslie G.: BNA News

Flint, Perry A.: Penton Media Inc.

Flynn, Joan Marie: Thompson Publishing Group

Foer, Franklin L.: New Republic

Forbes, Sean I.: BNA News

Foster, Andrea: Chronicle of Higher Education

Foster, Lawrence D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Foster, Cassandra P.: Roll Call

Fourney, Susan: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Fowler, Katia P.: FDC Reports

France, Stephen: BNA News

Francis, Laura: BNA News

Frandsen, Jon C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Franklin, Mary Beth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Freda, Diane: BNA News

Freddoso, David: Evans-Novak Political Report, National Review

Freedberg, Jr., Sydney J.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Frick, Robert L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Frieden, Joyce: International Medical News Group

Friedman, Daniel: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Friel, Brian: National Journal Group, National Journal

Fulghum, David: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Gallagher, John: Traffic World

Gannon, John: BNA News

Gantz, Rachel: UCG

Garamfalui, Alexia: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Garland, Susan B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Garner, W. Lynn: BNA News

Gasparello, Linda A.: White House Weekly

Gavant, Kelli L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gay, Patrice L.: Tax Notes

Gdowski, Jessica C.: UCG

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geman, Ben: Environment & Energy Publishing

Getter, Lisa: UCG

Gettinger, Steve: National Journal Group, National Journal

Gettlin, Robert H.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Gewertz, Catherine: Education Week

Gibb, Steven K.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gidron, Martin J.: Washington Business Information

Gilbert, Lorraine S.: BNA News

Gilgoff, Daniel: U.S. News & World Report

Gillies, Andrew: Forbes

Gilston, Samuel M.: Gilston-Kalin Communications

Gizzi, John: Human Events

Glazer, Gwen: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Gleckman, Howard: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Glenn, David G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Glenn, Heidi: Tax Notes

Glenzer, Michael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Gloger, Katja: Stern

Gnaedinger, Chuck: Tax Notes

Gnezditskaia, Anastasia: Inside Washington Publishers

Go, Alison M.: U.S. News & World Report

Goindi, Geeta: Express India

Goldberg, Kirsten: The Cancer Letter

[[Page 1045]]

Goldberg, Paul: The Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Jeffrey: New Yorker

Goldberg, Jonah: National Review

Goldman, Ted: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Goldstein, Peter: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldstein, Sid: Letter Publications

Goldwyn, Brant: CCH Inc.

Golub, Barbra: Atlantic Information Services

Gonzales, Nathan: Rothenberg Political Report

Good, Christopher E.: The Hill

Goodin, Emily: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Goodman, Joshua: Governing

Goodwine, Velma: Research Institute of America Group

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gordon, Kelly J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gotsch, Ted: Telecommunications Reports

Goulder, Robert: Tax Notes

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Graff, Garrett: Washingtonian

Grant, Greg: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Green, Charles A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Green, Joshua: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Greenblatt, Alan: Governing

Greenhalgh, Keiron: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

Gregorits, Angela: BNA News

Grieve, Timothy: Salon

Greifner, Laura S.: Education Week

Griffith, Cara: Tax Notes

Grilliot, Rebecca S.: UCG

Gross, Grant J.: IDG News Service

Gross-Glaser, Sheryl: Business Publishers

Grover, Elizabeth A.: BNA News

Gruber, Amelia: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Grupe, Bob C.: CD Publications

Guarino, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Guest, Robert: Economist

Guido, Daniel W.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gurdon, Hugo: The Hill

Gutierrez, Pedro Ruz: American Lawyer Media

Gutman, James H.: Atlantic Information Services

Gutting, Elizabeth W.: Tax Notes

Hadley, Richard D.: UCG

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal Group, National Journal

Hall, Holly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hall, Barry: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Halloran, Elizabeth: U.S. News & World Report

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Hamaker, Christian A.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Hammon, Jamie R.: FDC Reports

Haniffa, Aziz: India Abroad

Hansard, Sara: Crain Communications

Hansen, Brian: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hanson, Melinda: BNA News

Harbrecht, Douglas A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Hardin, Angela Y.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hardy, Michael L.: Washington Technology

Harman, Thomas: CD Publications

Harrington, William: Inside Washington Publishers

Harris, Joann Christine: Tax Notes

Harris, Shane: National Journal Group, National Journal

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill Co.

Harrison, David: BNA News

Hausmann, Helen D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hayes, Peter S.: BNA News

Hays, Kimberly: CD Publications

Hearn, Edward T.: Reed Business Information, Multichannel News

Hebel, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hedges, Joyce: BNA News

Heflin, Jay: Research Institute of America Group

Hegland, Corine: National Journal Group, National Journal

Heil, Emily: Roll Call

Heim, Daniel S.: Roll Call

Hemingway, Mark: National Review

Hemingway, Mollie, Z.: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Hendrie, Caroline: Education Week

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Hess, Ryan E.: MII Publications

Heyd, Cindy Ann: Tax Notes

Hicks, Travis: Thompson Publishing Group

Higgins, John: Business Publishers

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hill, Richard: BNA News

Hill, Jayne A.: Atlantic Information Services

Hipolit, Melissa J.: CQ Researcher

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hocking, Bryanna: Roll Call

Hoellwarth, John: Army Times Publishing Co., Marine Corps Times

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Donald B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hoffman, Rebecca E.: BNA News

Hoffman, William: Traffic World

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Holland, William: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hollingsworth, Catherine: BNA News

Hollis, Christopher: Washington Business Information

Holmes, Gwendolyn: BNA News

Holmes, Allan T.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

[[Page 1046]]

Homes, Erik: Army Times Publicshing Co.

Holzer, Jessica: Forbes

Holzer, Jessica: The Hill

Honawar, Vaishali: Education Week

Hoover, Eric: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hoover, Kent: Washington Business Journal

Horner, Daniel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Horowitz, Jay: BNA News

Horwitz, Jeff: American Lawyer Media

Horwood, Rachel Jane: Economist

Hosenball, Mark J.: Newsweek

Houghton, Mary: FDC Reports

Hubbard, Catherine A.: CCH Inc.

Hubler, David: Federal Computer Week

Hughes, Jr., John D.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Humes, James E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Humphrey, Shonda: Tax Notes

Hunter, Pamela E.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hurwitz, Amber: CD Publications

Hyland, Terence: BNA News

Hylton, William: GQ Magazine

Ichniowski, Thomas, F.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iekel, John F.: Thompson Publishing Group

Iroegbu, Osita N.: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Ivey, Brandon: Inside Mortgage Finance

Jackman, Frank: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jackson, Joab: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Jackson, Valarie N.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jackson, William K.: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer 
News

Jacobs, Jeremy P.: The Hill

Jacobson, Todd: Exchange Monitor Publications

Jaffe, Harry S.: Washingtonian

James, Betty: Federal Publications, Interpreter Releases

Javers, Eamon: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Jaworski, Thomas: Tax Notes

Johansen, Alison: BNA News

Johnson, Alisa: BNA News

Johnson, Regina: McGraw-Hill Co.

Johnson, Lyrica: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Johnson, Wendy: UCG

Johnson, Christopher C.: Inside Washington Publishers

Johnson, Jenny L.: Inside Washington Publishers, Clean Air Report

Johnson, Kimberly E.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Jones, George G.: CCH Inc.

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, James: Washington City Paper

Jones, Danielle D.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Jonson, Nick: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jordan, Anne: Governing

Jordan, Bryant: Army Times Publishing Co., Air Force Times

Joseph, Samantha: UCG

Joslyn, Heather: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Joyce, Stephen: BNA News

Judis, John B.: New Republic

Jungbaver, Rebecca: FDC Reports

Kafanov, Lucy: Environment & Energy Publishing

Kahn, Debra: Environment & Energy Publishing

Kamarck, Chloe M.: Salon

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

Kaplan, Jonathan: The Hill

Kaplun, Alex: Environment & Energy Publishing

Karp, Aaron E.: Penton Media Inc.

Karrs, Emily: National Review

Kash, Wyatt: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Kass, Marcia: BNA News

Katel, Peter: CQ Researcher

Katz, Marisa: National Journal Group, National Journal

Kauffman, Tim: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kaufmann, Carol: Reader's Digest

Kavanagh, Susan: CCH Inc.

Kavruck, Deborah A.: Washington Counseletter

Kavruck, Samuel: Washington Counseletter

Keller, Bess: Education Week

Keller, Gail S.: BNA News

Kelley, Sarah: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Kellner, Mark A.: Army Times Publishing Co., Defense News

Kelly, Patrice Wingert: Newsweek

Kelly, Spencer: UCG

Kelly, Catherine A.: FDC Reports

Kennedy, Hugh: UCG

Kennedy, Kelly: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kennedy, Laura W.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kenney, Allen: Tax Notes

Kessler, Ronald B.: NewsMax

Kim, Hana: Thompson Publishing Group

Kime, Patricia N.: Army Times Publishing Co., Navy Times

King, Maureen: Telecommunications Reports

Kingsbury, Alex: U.S. News & World Report

Kinney, Jeff: BNA News

Kirby, Paul: Telecommunications Reports

Kirkland, Joel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kirkland, John R.: BNA News

Kitfield, James: National Journal Group, National Journal

Klein, Alyson: Education Week

[[Page 1047]]

Kleine-Brockhoff, Thomas: Die Zeit

Klimko, Frank: CD Publications

Klumpp, Helena: Tax Notes

Knight, Danielle: U.S. News & World Report

Koch, Kathy: CQ Researcher

Kondracke, Morton, M.: Roll Call

Kopecki, Dawn: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Kovski, Alan: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kraft, Scott: UCG

Kramer, David: Science & Government Report

Kriz, Margaret E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Kubetin, Sally: International Medical News Group

Kubetin W. Randy: BNA News

Kucher, Liane: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kucinich, Jacqueline: The Hill

Kuckro, Rod: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kumar Sen, Ashish: Outlook Magazine

Kurtz, Josh: Roll Call

Kushner, Adam B.: New Republic

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

Lacey, Anthony: Inside Washington Publishers

Laffler, Mary Jo: FDC Reports

LaGier, Elizabeth: BNA News

Lake, Jessica: FDC Reports

Lally, Rosemarie: Thompson Publishing Group

Lamoreaux, Denise: Thompson Publishing Group

Langer, Emily J.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Larsen, Kathy Carolin: McGraw-Hill Co.

Lash, Jennifer: Roll Call

Lassman, Teresa: International Medical News Group

Last, Jonathan V.: Weekly Standard

Lavelle, Marianne: U.S. News & World Report

Lavin, Abigail J.: Weekly Standard

Learner, Neal: Atlantic Information Services

Leavitt, David I.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lee, Stephen: UCG

Leeuwenburgh, Todd H.: Atlantic Information Services

Lehr, Katherine V.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Leitch, Catherine H.: U.S. Medicine

Lening, Carey: BNA News

Leopold, George H.: CMP Media Inc.

Leske, Gisela: Der Spiegel

Levin, Joshua: Slate

Levin, Robin: CD Publications

Levine, Carrie: American Lawyer Media

Lewis, Nicole: Chronicle of Higher Education

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Lillis, Michael: Inside Washington Publishers

Lim, Nathasha: National Mortgage News

Limpert, John: Washingtonian

Lindeman, Ralph: BNA News

Lindsay, Drew: Washingtonian

Lindsley, Joseph P.: Weekly Standard

Ling, Katherine: Environment & Energy Publishing

Linger, Kristyn: BNA News

Lipowicz, Alice: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Lithwick, Dahlia Hannah: Slate

Lizza, Ryan C.: New Republic

Loos, David: Environment & Energy Publishing

Losey, Stephen: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Lowe, Paul D.: Aviation International News

Lowther, William: Mail on Sunday

Lubell, Jennifer: Crain Communications

Lucey, Eric J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Lumb, Jacquelyn: CCH Inc.

Lund, Brenda M.: Washington Business Information

Lunney, Kellie: National Journal Group, National Journal

Lustig, Joe: Thompson Publishing Group

Lynsen, Joshua J.: Washington Blade

Maas, Angela K.: Atlantic Information Services

MacDonald, Neil A.: Technology Commercialization

Macy, Daniel J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Maggs, John J.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Magill, Barbara: Thompson Publishing Group

Mahoney, Fabia H.: BNA News

Mahtesian, Charles: National Journal Group, National Journal

Maine, Amanda: CCH Inc.

Maixner, Edward: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Malenic, Marina: Inside Washington Publishers

Mandel, Jennifer: Environment & Energy Publishing National Journal Group, 
Government Executive

Jewish Press

Manley, Mary Ann G.: BNA News

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Marcucci, Carl: Radio Business Report Inc., Smart Media

Marcum, Karissa: The Hill

Marek, Angela: U.S. News & World Report

Marino, Jonathan: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Marre, Klaus: The Hill

Marris, Emma: Nature

Marron, Jessica: McGraw-Hill Co.

Marson, Brian: FDC Reports

Martin, Sheena: UCG

Martinson, Erica L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Mascolo, Georg Ranier: Der Spiegel

Mattes, Sherilyn: International Medical News Group

Matthews, Martha A.: BNA News

Matthews, Sidney William: Army Times Publishing Co., Defense News

[[Page 1048]]

Mauro, Antony: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Maxwell, Lesli A.: Education Week

Mayer, Jane: New Yorker

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mazumdar, Anandashankar: BNA News

McAdams, Deborah D.: IMAS Publishing

McAlvanah, Nora J.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

McArdle, John: Roll Call

McBeth Laping, Karen: McGraw-Hill Co.

McCaffery, Gregory: BNA News

McCaney, Kevin: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

McConnell, Beth Ann: Sedgwick Publishing Co.

McCord, Quinn T.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing & Technology News

McCormack, Kelly: The Hill

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McDermott, Kevin: Research Institute of America Group

McGeehon, Dale: Thompson Publishing Group

McGoffin, Michael J.: Research Institute of America Group

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McGowan, Kevin P.: BNA News

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McKinney, Amber: BNA News

McLure, Jason: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

McMichael, William H.: Army Times Publishing Co., Military Times

McMurtrie, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

McNeil, Michele: Education Week

McPike, Erin: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

McTague, James: Barron's

McTague, Rachel: BNA News

Medford, Clayton P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Meehan, Chris: Atlantic Information Services

Melillo, Wendy: Adweek Magazine

Melnyk, Yuliya V.: CD Publications

Melvin, Jasmin: Thompson Publishing Group

Memoli, Mike: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Mercurio, John C.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Meyer, Cordula: Der Spiegel

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call

Mezo, Ingrid M.J.: FDC Reports

Michels, Jennifer L.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Miller, Jason: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Miller, John J.: National Review

Miller, Karla L.: Tax Notes

Miller, Reed J.: FDC Reports

Miller, Tricia L.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Miller, Julie A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Milligan, Michael: Travel Weekly

Minton-Beddoes, Zanny: Economist

Mitchell, Robert: Business Publishers; FDC Reports

Mitchell, Charles F.: Roll Call

Miyashita, Alex (Shigeki), M.: Hispanic Link News Service

Moan, Rebekah J.: FDC Reports

Mogul, Matthew: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Mola, Roger Andrew: Aviation International News

Monastersky, Richard: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moncrief, JoAnne P.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Montwieler, Nancy H.: BNA News

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moore, Nancy J.: BNA News

Moore, Michael: BNA News

Moorman, Robert W.: Traffic World

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morales, Cecilio: MII Publications

Morello, Lauren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Morgan, Theresa T.: Inside Washington Publishers

Morin, Christopher Scott: Thompson Publishing Group

Morring, Jr., Frank: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Morris, Jefferson F.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Morris, Jodie: National Journal Group, National Journal

Morris, Ryan: National Journal Group, National Journal

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morton, Peter: Financial Post

Moscovitch, Ben: Exchange Monitor Publications

Mosquera, Mary: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Mpinja, Bora U.: Inside Washington Publishers

Mulligan, Megan: The Hill

Mumford, Christine M.: BNA News

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munoz, Carlo: Inside Washington Publishers

Munro, Neil P.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Muolo, Paul A.: National Mortgage News

Murdoch, Joyce M.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Murray, Matthew: Roll Call

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Myers, Cathleen R.: BNA News

Njuguna, Wangui: BNA News

Nadal, Lisa M.: Tax Notes

[[Page 1049]]

Napoli, Denise E.: International Medical News Group

Nartker, Michael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Natter, Ari: Traffic World

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Neal, Andrew: BNA News

Neill, Alexander: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nelson, Ryan: FDC Reports

Nelson, Erica L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Neumann, Daniel: Inside Washington Publishers

Newell, Elizabeth: Government Executive

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Newmyer, Arthur: Roll Call

Newton-Small, Jay: Time Magazine

Nicholson, Jonathan: BNA News

Njuguna, Wangui: Business Publishers

Noah, Timothy Robert: Slate

Norman, Brett E.: UCG

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Nutt, Audrey: Tax Notes

O'Beirne, Kate Walsh: National Review

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Oberle, Sean F.: Oberle Communications, Product Safety Letter

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

O'Brien, Maura E.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

O'Conner, Seamus R.: Army Times Publishing Co., Air Force Times

Oddis, Michelle E.: Human Events

O'Driscoll, Mary: Environment & Energy Publishing

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Oliphant, James S.: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Olsen, Florence: Federal Computer Week

Olsen, Carlene E.: FDC Reports

Olson, Lynn: Education Week

Omestad, Thomas E.: U.S. News & World Report

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Opuiyo, Alafaka: Afro American Newspapers

Orrick, Sarah M.: Congressional Digest

Ostroff, Jim: Kiplinger Washington Editors

O'Toole, Charles: Tax Notes

O'Toole, Thomas: BNA News

Otteman, Scott: Inside Washington Publishers

Ottenhoff, Patrick R.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Pagans, Christy L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Page, Paul: Traffic World

Pak, Janne Kum Cha: USA Journal

Palazzolo, Johseph: American Lawyer Media

Palmer, Anna: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times, Roll Call

Panepento, Peter V.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Parillo, Jill M.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Parillo, Kristen: Tax Notes

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parker, Eric: Tax Notes

Parker, Stuart H.: Inside Washington Publishers

Parker, Andrew D.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Parrish, Molly R.: Letter Publications

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Patrick, Steven: BNA News

Patterson, James B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Patton, Oliver B.: Heavy Duty Trucking

Patton, Zachary L.: Governing

Payne, January: Atlantic Information Services

Payne, Marisa C.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Pazanowski, Bernard J.: BNA News

Pazanowski, Mary Anne: BNA News

Pearl, Larry: Food Chemical News

Pekow, Charles: Community College Week

Perera, David: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Perry, Suzanne: Chronicle of Higher Education

Perry, Elizabeth A.: Washington Blade

Pershing, Benjamin: Roll Call

Peters, Katherine M.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Petersen, Tina: McGraw-Hill Co.

Peterson, Denise: FDC Reports

Peterson, Zachary M.: Army Times Publishing Co., Navy Times

Pethokoukis, James M.: U.S. News & World Report

Pexton, Patrick: National Journal Group, National Journal

Phelps, Kathryn Ann: FDC Reports

Phelps, Kevin: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Phillips, Cathleen M.: Tax Notes

Phillips, Lyda: BNA News

Phillips, Zachary: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Piemonte, Philip M.: Federal Employees News Digest

Pierce, Emily: Roll Call

Pilpel, Heidi: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Pimley, Ward: BNA News

Plank, Kendra Casey: BNA News

Plotz, David: Slate

Pluviose, David: Diverse: Issues in Higher Education

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Ponnuru, April: National Review

Poppy, Daniel F.: FDC Reports

Postal, Arthur D.: National Underwriter

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Pryde, Joan A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Pueschel, Matt: U.S. Medicine

Punj, Shweta: Inside Washington Publishers

Pulliam, Daniel: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Purdum, Todd S.: Vanity Fair

[[Page 1050]]

Putrich, Gayle S.: Army Times Publishing Co., Defense News

Quay, Christopher: Tax Notes

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Ragavan, Chitra: U.S. News & World Report

Raju, Manu K.: The Hill

Rash, Wayne: Eweek

Reaves, John P.: UCG

Reed, John R.: Inside Washington Publishers

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Reeves, Dawn: Inside Washington Publishers

Reishus, Mark: Thompson Publishing Group

Ressler, Thomas: Inside Mortgage Finance

Richardson, Nathaline: BNA News

Richardson, Zachary: Food Chemical News

Richmond, Linda M.: BNA News

Rickman, Johnathan: Tax Notes

Ripley, Amanda: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Rizzuto, Pat: BNA News

Robelen, Erik: Education Week

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Roberts, Victoria: BNA News

Robinson, Thomas S.: Mass Transit Lawyer

Robinson-Simmons, Quintin: Tax Notes

Rodriguez, Eva M.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Roeder, Linda: BNA News

Rogers, Robert L.: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Rogers, Benjamin: UCG

Rogin, Joshua: Federal Computer Week

Rohde, Peter: Inside Washington Publishers

Rohrer, S. Scott: National Journal Group, National Journal

Ron, Jane: Nationaljournal.com

Rolfsen, Bruce: Army Times Publishing Co., Air Force Times

Rose, Phil A.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Rosen, Jeffrey M.: New Republic

Rosen, Anne: Thompson Publishing Group

Rosenberg, Alyssa B.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Rothenberg, Stuart: Rothenberg Political Report

Rothman, Heather M.: BNA News

Rothstein, Betsy: The Hill

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Rudd, Jr., Terrence: International Medical News Group

Ruel-Sabatier, Patrick: Le Point

Rummell, Nicholas: UCG; Crain Communications

Russo, Eugene: Nature

Rutherford, Emelie H.: Inside Washington Publishers

Rutzick, Karen: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Ryan, Margaret: McGraw-Hill Co.

Saenz, Cheryl L.: BNA News

Sahd, Timothy J.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Saiyid, Amena H.: BNA News

Sala, Susan: BNA News

Saletan, William B.: Slate

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Sami, Tamra: FDC Reports

Sammon, Richard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Samuels, Christina: Education Week

Samuelsohn, Darren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Samuelson, Robert J.: Newsweek

Sangillo, Gregg Thomas: National Journal Group, National Journal

Sartipzadeh, Saied Ali: BNA News

Sarvana, Adam: Inside Washington Publishers

Savage, Luiza C.: Maclean's

Savoie, Andy: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Scales, Sirena J.: Research Institute of America Group

Scheiber, Noam J.: New Republic

Scherer, Michael: Salon

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schieken, William: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Schmidt, Mike: McGraw-Hill Co.

Schmidt, Peter: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schmidt, Tracy S.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Schneider, Andrew C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schneider, Martin A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Schoeff, Jr., Mark: Crain Communications

Schoenberg, Tom: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Schofield, Adrian: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Schomisch, Jeffrey: Thompson Publishing Group

Schor, Elana: The Hill

Schorr, Burt: UCG

Schuff, Sally: Farm Progress News

Schuh, Brian: Atlantic Information Services

Schulte, Bret: U.S. News & World Report

Schwartz, Emma: American Lawyer Media, Legal Times

Schwind, Daniel B.: UCG

Scoblic, J. Peter: New Republic

Scorza, John Forrest: CCH Inc.

Scott, Dean T.: BNA News

Scott, Laura: UCG

Scott Hennaman, Cordia: Tax Notes

Seiden, Daniel I.: BNA News

Selingo, Jeffrey: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sellers, Ivy: Human Events

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal Group, National Journal

Setze, Karen Jeanne: Tax Notes

Seyler, David P.: Radio Business Report Inc., Smart Media

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shafer, Jack: Slate

[[Page 1051]]

Shannon, Elaine: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Shapiro, Walter: Salon

Shappell, Brian: CD Publications

Sharpe, Kieran: Thompson Publishing Group

Sharpe, Stephanie: McGraw-Hill Co.

Sheedy, Rachel L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Sheikh, Fawzia: Inside Washington Publishers

Sheppard, Doug: Tax Notes

Shoop, Thomas J.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Shreve, Margaret: Tax Notes

Shute, Nancy: U.S. News & World Report

Silva, Jeffrey, S.: Crain Communications

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Simmonds, Susan Jeane: Tax Notes

Simpson, Jason: Inside Washington Publishers

Singer, Paul B.: Roll Call

Skinner, David P.: Weekly Standard

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Smaglik, Paul: Nature

Smallen, Jill: National Journal Group, National Journal

Smith, Douglas D.: Tax Notes

Smith, Katie: Roll Call

Smith, Joseph: Business Publishers

Smith, Jennifer C.: Inside Washington Publishers

Smith, Noah J.: BNA News

Snider, Adam: BNA News

Snow, Nicholas J.: Oil & Gas Journal

Snyder, Jim: The Hill

Snyder, Katharine: Mine Safety and Health News

Sobieraj, Sandra: Time Inc., People Magazine

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Soraghan, Mike: The Hill

Southern, E. Richard: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Spence, Charles F.: General Aviation News

Spencer, Patricia S.: BNA News

Spiering, Charlie: Evans-Novak Political Report

Spicer, Malcolm E.: FDC Reports

Splete, Heidi: International Medical News Group

Spotswood, Stephen: U.S. Medicine

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

Stam, John H.: BNA News

Stamper, Dustin: Tax Notes

Stanton, Lynn: Telecommunications Reports

Stanton, John: Roll Call

Starobin, Paul: National Journal Group, National Journal

Stavros, Richard: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Straus, Brian: Penton Media Inc.

Steele, Zaira: Steele Communications

Steele, Laura: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Steinberg, Julie A.: BNA News

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Steis, Ellen Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Steis, Alexander Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Stencel, Mark: Governing

Stevenson, Margaret: FDC Reports

Stevenson, Meredith: Tax Notes

Stewart, William H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stimson, Leslie P.: IMAS Publishing

Stoddard, Alexandra B.: The Hill

Stoffer, Harry: Crain Communications

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stoler, Judith R.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Stratton, Sheryl: Tax Notes

Straus, Brian A.: Penton Media Inc.

Strawbridge, James O.: Inside Washington Publishers, Inside U.S. Trade

Sturges, Peyton Mackay: BNA News

Sugarman, Carole: Food Chemical News

Sullivan, John H.: BNA News

Sullivan, Monica C.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Sullivan, William B.: U.S. News & World Report

Sullivan, Martin A.: Tax Notes

Sutter, Susan M.: Scrip World Pharmaceutical News

Sutton, Eileen C.: BNA News

Swanson, Ian B.: The Hill

Sweeney, Ray: CD Publications

Sweeting, Paul: Reed Business Information, Reed Business Information

Swibel, Matthew: Forbes

Swisher, Larry: BNA News

Swope, Christopher: Governing

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Taft, Chloe: FDC Reports

Tait, Darryl W.: Tax Notes

Tan, Michelle: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tandon, Crystal: Tax Notes

Taulbee, Pamela D.: FDC Reports

Taylor, Dan: Inside Washington Publishers

Taylor, Ronald: BNA News

Taylor, Vincent: UCG

Taylor, Timothy M.: Tax Notes

Taylor II, B.J.: Atlantic Information Services

Taylor, Jr., Stuart: National Journal Group, National Journal

Teinowitz, Ira: Crain Communications

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thibodeau, Patrick: IDG Communications

Thomas, Richard K.: Newsweek

Thomas, Katherine: FDC Reports

Thompson, Jason: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Thompson, Mark J.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Thorn, Judith: BNA News

Thornburg, Linda: Thompson Publishing Group

Thorndike, Joseph: Tax Notes

Thurber, Matthew C.: Aviation International News

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tiernan, Tom: McGraw-Hill Co.

[[Page 1052]]

Timmerman, Kenneth R.: NewsMax

Tiron, Roxana: The Hill

Todaro, Jane B.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Toeplitz, Shira R.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Tonn, Jessica: Education Week

Torres, Katherine: Penton Media Inc.

Tosh, Dennis A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Triplett, Michael R.: BNA News

Trotter, Andrew: Education Week

Trygstad, Kyle K.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Tsigas, Maria: UCG

Tsikitas, Irene E.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Tsui, Amy: BNA News

Tucker, Miriam E.: International Medical News Group

Tumulty, Karen: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Tuttle, Steve: Newsweek

Twachtman, Gregory: FDC Reports

Unni, Adosh: FDC Reports

Unnikrishnan, Madhu: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Vaida, Bara: National Journal Group, National Journal

Vail, Bruce H.: BNA News

Vample, Gwendolyn: Thompson Publishing Group

Van Dongen, Rachel A.: Roll Call

Vandegrift, Beth: Thompson Publishing Group

Vanderweide, Emily: Tax Notes

Verespej, Michael: Crain Communications

Verma, Ember M.: Tax Notes

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Victor, Kirk: National Journal Group, National Journal

Vissat, Melina A.: FDC Reports

Vissiere, Helene: Le Point

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Wachter, Kerri: International Medical News Group

Wadman, Meredith: Nature

Wait, Patience: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Wakeman, Nick: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Walker, Christopher C.: FDC Reports

Walker, Richard W.: Federal Computer Week

Walker, Karen J.: Army Times Publishing Co., Armed Forces Journal

Walker, Chandra: CCH Inc.

Wallace, Charles: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Walsh, Gertrude: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer 
News

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U.S. News & World Report

Walsh, Mark: Education Week

Walsh, Elsa: New Yorker

Walter, Amy: Cook Political Report

Ware, Patricia: BNA News

Warren, Timothy M.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Wasserbly, Daniel: Inside Washington Publishers

Wasserman, David: Cook Political Report

Wasson, Erik: Inside Washington Publishers

Watkins, Steve: Army Times Publishing Co., Federal Times

Weber, Rick: Inside Washington Publishers

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Weigelt, Matthew: Federal Computer Week

Weil, Jenny: McGraw-Hill Co.

Weiland, Morgan A.: FDC Reports; BNA News

Weiner, Joann M.: Tax Notes

Weisgerber, Marcus: Inside Washington Publishers

Weiss, Jessica: CD Publications

Weisskopf, Michael P.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Welch, Jake: National Journal Group, National Journal

Wells, Robert J.: Tax Notes

Welsh, William E.: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Werner, Karen Leigh: BNA News

Whalen, John M.: BNA News

Whieldon, Esther: McGraw-Hill Co.

White, Rodney A.: McGraw-Hill Co.

White III, Frank: BNA News

Whitelaw, Kevin: U.S. News & World Report

Whitten, Daniel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Whittington, Lauren: Roll Call

Wieser, Eric: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wilczek, Yin: BNA News

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Wilkerson, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Willen, Mark: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Eileen J.: BNA News

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeffrey: Satellite Business News

Williams, Risa D.: Tax Notes

Williams, Mark A.: BNA News

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Wingfield, Brian R.: Forbes

Winn, Patrick O.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Winston, Kate: Inside Washington Publishers

Winter, Allison A.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Witkin, Gordon: U.S. News & World Report

Witt, Elder: Governing

Witze, Alexandra: Nature

Woellert, Lorraine: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Wolfe, Matthew M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Wolffe, Richard: Newsweek

Wolverton, Bradley: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wood, Graeme: Atlantic Information Services

Wooldridge, Adrian: Economist

[[Page 1053]]

Wright, Charlotte: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wright, Karen L.: BNA News

Wright, Jr., James: Afro American Newspapers

Wyand, Michael W.: BNA News

Yachnin, Jennifer: Roll Call

Yaksick, Jr., George L.: CCH Inc.

Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

Yeager, Eric: BNA News

Yehle, Emily J.: Roll Call

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yingling, Jennifer: The Hill

Yochelson, Mindy: BNA News

Yohannan, Suzanne M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Yordanova-Kline, Milena: McGraw-Hill Co.

York, Byron: National Review

Young, Sam: Tax Notes

Young, Jeffrey: The Hill

Youngman, Sam A.: The Hill

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zagorin, Adam: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Zaneski, Cyril (Cy): Environment & Energy Publishing

Zehr, Mary Ann: Education Week

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News


