

Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2008. - 


Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2008.
[Pages 949-977]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES*

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
    Deputy Director.--Joan McKinney
        Media Coordinators:
  Michael Cavaiola
  Amy H. Gross
  Wendy A. Oscarson
  James D. Saris

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945

Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
    Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
        Assistant Superintendents:
Ric Andersen
Molly Cain
Drew Cannon
Laura Reed

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Bill Walsh, Times-Picayne, 
                                                Chair
                                            Thomas Ferraro, Reuters, 
                                                Secretary
                                            Susan Ferrechio, 
                                                Congressional Quarterly
                                            Carl Hulse, New York Times
                                            Andrew Taylor, Associated 
                                                Press
                                 ________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule VI of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bone fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.

[[Page 950]]

    4. An applicant for press credentials through the Daily Press 
Galleries must establish to the satisfaction of the Standing Committee 
of Correspondents that he or she is a full-time, paid correspondent who 
requires on-site access to congressional members and staff. 
Correspondents must be employed by a news organization:
    (a) with General Publication periodicals mailing privileges under 
U.S. Postal Service rules, and which publishes daily; or
    (b) whose principal business is the daily dissemination of original 
news and opinion of interest to a broad segment of the public, and which 
has published continuously for 18 months.
    The applicant must reside in the Washington, D.C. area, and must not 
be engaged in any lobbying or paid advocacy, advertising, publicity or 
promotion work for any individual, political party, corporation, 
organization, or agency of the U.S. government, or in prosecuting any 
claim before Congress or any federal government department, and will not 
do so while a member of the Daily Press Galleries.
    Applicants' publications must be editorially independent of any 
institution, foundation or interest group that lobbies the federal 
government, or that is not principally a general news organization.
    Failure to provide information to the Standing Committee for this 
determination, or misrepresenting information, can result in the denial 
or revocation of credentials.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no changes 
in the these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not less 
than 100 accredited members of the galleries. The above rules have been 
approved by the Committee on Rules and Administration.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                           Dianne Feinstein,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 951]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abbott, Charles: Reuters

Abrahms, Douglas: Gannett News Service

Abrams, James: Associated Press

Abromowitz, Michael: Washington Post

Abruzzese, Sarah: New York Times

Achenbach, Joel: Washington Post

Ackerman, Andrew: Bond Buyer

Adair, William: St. Petersburg Times

Adams, Christopher: McClatchy Newspapers

Adams, Rebecca: Congressional Quarterly

Adams, Richard: London Guardian

Adcock, Beryl: McClatchy Newspapers

Adler, Joseph: American Banker

Agres, Theodore: Washington Times

Ahearn, David: Defense Daily

Ahlrich, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Ahmann, Timothy: Reuters

Ahn, Sung Joong: Korea Times

Aitken, Lee: Bloomberg News

Akers, Mary Ann: WashingtonPost.com

Alberts, Sheldon: Canwest News Service

Alconada, Hugo: La Nacion

Alday, Ricardo: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Alexander, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Alexander, Charles: Reuters

Alexander, Keith: Washington Post

Ali, Syed: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Amanda: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, JoAnne: Reuters

Allen, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Ross: Argus Media

Allen, Victoria: Reuters

Allison, Wes: St. Petersburg Times

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Los Angeles Times

Alpert, Bruce: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Altamirano, Natasha: Washington Times

Anderson, Joanna: Congressional Quarterly

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Andrews, Edmund: New York Times

Angle, Martha: Congressional Quarterly

Anklam, Jr., Fred: USA Today

Anstey, Chris: Bloomberg News

Anyz, Daniel: Hospodarske Noving Daily

Apfel, Ira: Complinet

Appleby, Julie: USA Today

Apuzzo, Matt: Associated Press

Argetsinger, Amy: Washington Post

Arimoto, Takashi: Sankei Shimbun

Arita, Tsukasa: Kyodo News

Armstrong, Andrew: Congressional Quarterly

Arnold, John Jay: Associated Press

Arnold, Laurence: Bloomberg News

Arthur, William: Bloomberg News

Asher, James: McClatchy Newspapers

Asher, Julie: Catholic News Service

Ashizuka, Tomoko: Nikkei

Asseo, Laurie: Bloomberg News

Aulston, Von: New York Times

Auster, Elizabeth: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Aversa, Jeannine: Associated Press

Azpiazu, Maria: EFE News Services

Babcock, Charles: Bloomberg News

Babington, Charles: Associated Press

Bachelet, Pablo: Miami Herald

Bacon, Jr., Perry: Washington Post

Bai, Matt: New York Times Magazine

Bailey, Anna: CongressDaily

Baker, Peter: Washington Post

Baldor, Lolita: Associated Press

Ball, Michael: Argus Media

Ballard, Lindsay: Asahi Shimbun

Ballard, Tanya: WashingtonPost.com

Balluck, Kyle: WashingtonPost.com

Baltimore, Chris: Reuters

Balz, Daniel: Washington Post

Banales, Jorge: EFE News Services

Banerjee, Neela: New York Times

Bang, June-Oh: Chosun Ilbo

Banks, Adelle: Religion News Service

Baquet, Dean: New York Times

Barakat, Matthew: Associated Press

Bardazzi, Marco: ANSA Italian News Agency

Barker, James: Congressional Quarterly

Barker, Jeffrey: Baltimore Sun

Barnes, Julian: Los Angeles Times

Baron, Kevin: Boston Globe

Barr, Gary: Washington Post

Barrera, Ruben: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Barrett, Barbara: McClatchy Newspapers

Barrett, Devlin: Associated Press

Barrett, Terrence: Bloomberg News

Barringer, Felicity: New York Times

Barry, Theresa: Bloomberg News

Bartash, Jeffry: MarketWatch

Bartolf, Alexandra: Congressional Quarterly

Bartscht, Jill: Washington Post

Bartz, Diane: Reuters

Baschuk, Bryce: Washington Times

Bashir, Mustafa: Saudi Press Agency

[[Page 952]]

Basken, Paul: Bloomberg News

Bass, Frank: Associated Press

Bater, Jeffrey: Dow Jones Newswires

Batt, Tony: Stephens Media Group

Baygents, Ronald: Kuwait News Agency

Bazar, Emily: USA Today

Bazinet, Kenneth: New York Daily News

Beamish, Rita: Associated Press

Beary, Brian: Europolitics

Beattie, Jeff: Energy Daily

Beaudette, Richard: Newhouse News Service

Beckner, Steven: Market News International

Beech, Eric: Reuters

Behn, Sharon: Washington Times

Behringer, Paul: Kyodo News

Bell, Peter: CongressDaily

Bellantoni, Christina: Washington Times

Bendavid, Naftali: Chicago Tribune

Bender, Bryan: Boston Globe

Benenson, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Benesova, Dagmar: World Business Press

Benincasa, Robert: Gannett News Service

Benjamin, Matthew: Bloomberg News

Benkelman, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Berger, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Berley, Max: Bloomberg News

Berlin, Stephen: LRP Publications

Berman, Russell: New York Sun

Bernard, Jerome: Agence France-Presse

Berry, Deborah: Gannett News Service

Berry, John: Bloomberg News

Bettelheim, Adriel: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, Arwen Adams: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, John: Congressional Quarterly

Biddle, Joanna: Agence France-Presse

Bilodeau, Otis: Bloomberg News

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Birnbaum, Jeffrey: Washington Post

Bishop, Ian: New York Post

Bishop, Sam: Fairbanks Daily News Miner

Biskupic, Joan: USA Today

Bivins, Larry: Gannett News Service

Bjerga, Alan: Bloomberg News

Blackstone, Brian: Dow Jones Newswires

Bland, Melissa: Reuters

Bliss, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

Block, Donna: Daily Deal

Block, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Bloedorn, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Bloom, Rachel: Congressional Quarterly

Blue, Miranda: Congressional Quarterly

Blum, Justin: Bloomberg News

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Boessenkool, Antonie: Dow Jones Newswires

Bold, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Boles, Gregory: Dow Jones Newswires

Boliek, Brooks: Hollywood Reporter

Bolling, Deborah: LRP Publications

Boorstein, Michelle: Washington Post

Borak, Donna: Associated Press

Borenstein, Seth: Associated Press

Bostick, Romaine: Bloomberg News

Bourge, Christian: CongressDaily

Bouza, Teresa: EFE News Services

Bowen, Joel: Congressional Quarterly

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Boyd, Robert: McClatchy Newspapers

Brady, Erik: USA Today

Brady, Jessica: CongressDaily

Bragin, Mikhail: Parlamentskaya Gazeta

Brandmaier, Frank: German Press Agency - DPA

Branson, Louise: USA Today

Brasher, Philip: Des Moines Register

Braun, Stephen: Los Angeles Times

Bravin, Jess: Wall Street Journal

Bremner, Faith: Gannett News Service

Briand, Xavier: Reuters

Bridges, Andrew: Associated Press

Bridis, Ted: Associated Press

Broache, Anne: CNET News.com

Broder, David: Washington Post

Broder, John: New York Times

Broder, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Brodmann, Ronald: Congressional Quarterly

Brogan, Pamela: Gannett News Service

Brooks, David: La Jornada; New York Times

Brosnan, James: Scripps Howard News Service

Brown, Andrew: McClatchy Newspapers

Brown, David: Washington Post

Brown, DeNeen: Washington Post

Brown, Emily: Bloomberg News

Brown, Matthew: Baltimore Sun

Brownstein, Ronald: Los Angeles Times

Brulliard, Nicolas: Dow Jones Newswires

Brune, Thomas: Newsday

Bull, Alister: Reuters

Bumiller, Elisabeth: New York Times

Buncombe, Andrew: London Independent

Bunis, Dena: Orange County Register

Burey, Joe: Congressional Quarterly

Burke, Daniel: Religion News Service

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones Newswires

Burns, Robert: Associated Press

Burns, Susan: Cox Newspapers

Burr, Thomas: Salt Lake Tribune

Burrowes, Philip: Congressional Quarterly

Burt, Andy: Bloomberg News

Buskirk, Howard: Communications Daily

Butler, Desmond: Associated Press

Bzdek, Vincent: Washington Post

Calamur, Krishnadev: United Press International

Callan, Eoin: Financial Times

Calmes, Jackie: Wall Street Journal

Camia, Catalina: USA Today

[[Page 953]]

Camire, Dennis: Gannett News Service

Campagna, Mary Ann: Agence France-Presse

Canellos, Peter: Boston Globe

Cao, Antonio: El Pais

Capaccio, Anthony: Bloomberg News

Caplan, Abby: Argus Media

Caretto, Ennio: Il Corriere Della Sera

Carey, Mary Agnes: Congressional Quarterly

Carlson, Peter: Washington Post

Carmichael, Kevin: Bloomberg News

Carnevale, MaryLu: Wall Street Journal

Carney, Dan: USA Today

Carney, David: Tech Law Journal

Carney, Michael: USA Today

Carr, LaKiesha: New York Times

Carr, Matthew: Oil Daily

Carr, Rebecca: Cox Newspapers

Carreno, Jose: El Universal

Carrier, Fanny: Agence France-Presse

Carroll, James: Congressional Quarterly

Carter, Thomas: Washington Times

Cartwright, Linda: Congressional Quarterly

Casey, Winter: National Journal's Technology Daily

Caspar, Lucian: Basler Zeitung

Cass, Connie: Associated Press

Cassata, Donna: Associated Press

Casteel, Chris: Oklahoman

Casteneda, Ruben: Washington Post

Cauvin, Henri: Washington Post

Cave, Christine: LRP Publications

Cermak, Christopher: German Press Agency-DPA

Chadbourn, Margaret: Market News International

Chaddock, Gail: Christian Science Monitor

Chaffee, Conrad: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Chaker, Ann Marie: Wall Street Journal

Chan, Sammie: Gannett News Service

Chandra, Shobhana: Bloomberg News

Chandrasekaran, Rajiv: Washington Post

Chang, Tsung-Chih: United Daily News

Charles, Deborah: Reuters

Chebium, Raju: Gannett News Service

Chen, Cassie: Bloomberg News

Chen, Edwin: Bloomberg News

Chen, Kathy: Wall Street Journal

Chen, Shawn: Associated Press

Chen, Zhigang: Sing Tao Daily

Cheves, John: Lexington Herald-Leader

Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: Il Giornale

Chick, Kristen: Washington Times

Chipman, Kimberly: Bloomberg News

Chmela, Holli: New York Times

Cho, Bock Rae: Yonhap News Agency

Cho, David: Washington Post

Choate, Patricia: Scripps Howard News Service

Choi, Hyung Du: Munwha Ilbo

Choi, Kenneth: Chosun Ilbo

Chong, Christina Young: Korea Times

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christie, Rebecca: Dow Jones Newswires

Chu, Keith: Western Communications

Chuan, Yang Qing: Xinhua News Agency

Chwallek, Gabriele: German Press Agency-DPA

Cillizza, Chris: Washington Post

Cindemir, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Clark, Evan: Fairchild News Service

Clark, Lesley: Miami Herald

Clarke, David: Congressional Quarterly

Clemetson, Lynette: New York Times

Clerico, Luciano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Cloud, David: New York Times

Cocco, Marie: Washington Post Writer's Group

Cochran, John: Congressional Quarterly

Cochran, Laura Marie: WashingtonPost.com

Codrea, George: Congressional Quarterly

Cohen, Robert: Newark Star-Ledger

Cohen, Sarah: Washington Post

Cohn, Peter: CongressDaily

Coile, Zachary: San Francisco Chronicle

Cole, Justin: Agence France-Presse

Collins, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Collinson, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Condon, Jr., George: Copley News Service

Conkey, Christopher: Wall Street Journal

Conlon, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Conners, Maureen: Congressional Quarterly

Conrad, Dennis: Associated Press

Conway, Neal: Congressional Quarterly

Cook, David: Christian Science Monitor

Cooke, Anthony: Dow Jones Newswires

Cooney, Jessica Benton: Congressional Quarterly

Cooper, Christopher: Wall Street Journal

Cooper, Helene: New York Times

Cooper, Kent: Political Money Line

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Cooper, Sonya: Bloomberg News

Cooperman, Alan: Washington Post

Copeland, Libby: Washington Post

Copeland, Peter: Scripps Howard News Service

Copp, Tara: Austin American-Statesman

Corbett, Rebecca: New York Times

Corbett Dooren, Jennifer: Dow Jones Newswires

Corchado, Alfredo: Dallas Morning News

Cornwell, Rupert: London Independent

Cornwell, Susan: Reuters

Couturier, Greg: Oil Daily

Cowan, Richard: Reuters

Cox, James: USA Today

Craig, Tim: Washington Post

Craik, Euan: Argus Media

Crane, Mark: USA Today

Cranford, John: Congressional Quarterly

Crawford, Craig: Congressional Quarterly

Crawley, James: Media General News Service

Crawley, John: Reuters

[[Page 954]]

Crewdson, John: Chicago Tribune

Crites, Alice: Washington Post

Crittenden, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Crutsinger, Martin: Associated Press

Cunningham, Sarah: Reuters

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Curran, Timothy: Washington Post

Cushman, Jr., John: New York Times

Czuczka, Anthony: German Press Agency-DPA

DaCosta, Mario Navarro: ABIM News Agency

Dahne, Hans: German Press Agency-DPA

Dalecki, Kenneth: Global D

Dalglish, Arthur: Cox Newspapers

Dally, Chris: Congressional Quarterly

Daly, Corbett: TF News

Daly, Matthew: Associated Press

Daniel, Douglass: Associated Press

Daniels, Alex: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Dart, Robert: Cox Newspapers

Davenport, Coral: Congressional Quarterly

Davidson, Julie: LRP Publications

Davidson, Paul: USA Today

Davidz, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Davies, Anne: Sydney Morning Herald

Davies, Frank: San Jose Mercury News

Davis, Crystal: McClatchy Newspapers

Davis, David: Congressional Quarterly

Davis, Julie: Associated Press

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Day, Kathleen: Washington Post

de Borchgrave, Arnaud: United Press International

De la Cruz, Benedict: WashingtonPost.com

Deans, Jr., Robert: Cox Newspapers

DeBose, Brian: Washington Times

Debusmann, Bernd: Reuters

Decker, Susan: Bloomberg News

DeFrank, Thomas: New York Daily News

Deguchi, Tomohiro: Kyodo News

Del Giudice, Vincent: Bloomberg News

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Delgado, Jose: El Nuevo Dia

Dell'Amore, Christine: United Press International

Delollis, Barbara: USA Today

DeLuce, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

DeMarco, Edward: Bloomberg News

Dennis, Steven: Congressional Quarterly

Deogun, Nikhil: Wall Street Journal

Deparle, Jason: New York Times

Dermann, Philipp: Financial Times

Dermody, William: USA Today

Dermota, Kenneth: Agence France-Presse

DeSenne, Michael: SmartMoney.com

Dessouky, Dean: Saudi Press Agency

Deutsch, Jack: CongressDaily

Diaz, Kevin: McClatchy Newspapers

Diaz-Briseno, Jose: Reforma Newspaper

Dick, Jason: CongressDaily

Dieudonne, David: Agence France-Presse

Dilanian, Ken: USA Today

Dillin, Jr., John: Christian Science Monitor

Dillon, Robert: Oil Daily

DiMascio, Jen: Defense Daily

Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

Dine, Philip: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Dineen, John: Congressional Quarterly

Dinesh, Manimoli: Oil Daily

Dinmore, Guy: Financial Times

Dlouhy, Jennifer: Hearst Newspapers

Dobbyn, Timothy: Reuters

Dodge, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Doering, Christopher: Reuters

Doggett, Tom: Reuters

Doherty, Robert: Reuters

Dolan, Christopher: Washington Times

Dolinger, David Allen: Wall Street Journal

Donmoyer, Ryan: Bloomberg News

Donnelly, John: Congressional Quarterly

Dono, Linda: Gannett News Service

Dorell, Oren: USA Today

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Doublet, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Douglas, William: McClatchy Newspapers

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Downey, Kirstin: Washington Post

Downing, James: Restructuring Today

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Drajem, Mark: Bloomberg News

Drawbaugh, Kevin: Reuters

Dreazen, Yochi: Wall Street Journal

Drinkard, Jim: Associated Press

Drobnyk, Josh: Allentown Morning Call

Drogin, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Drummond, Bob: Bloomberg News

Dufour, Jeff: Washington Examiner

Duggan, Loren: Congressional Quarterly

Duggan, Paul: Washington Post

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Duke, Lynne: Washington Post

Dunbar, John: Associated Press

Dunham, Will: Reuters

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Dvorak, Petula: Washington Post

Dwyer, Paula: New York Times

Dwyer, Timothy: Washington Post

Earle, Geoff: New York Post

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Eckert, Paul: Reuters

Eckert, Toby: Congressional Quarterly

Eckstrom, Kevin: Religion News Service

Ecochard, Kristyn: United Press International

Edmonds, Jr., Ronald: Associated Press

Efron, Sonni: Los Angeles Times

Efstathiou, James: Bloomberg News

Eggen, Daniel: Washington Post

[[Page 955]]

Eichelberger, Cutis: Bloomberg News

Eilperin, Juliet: Washington Post

Eisenberg, Carol: Newsday

Eisenhower, Karl: WashingtonPost.com

Eisler, Peter: USA Today

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Hamti, Maribel: EFE News Services

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

Elboghdady, Dina: Washington Post

Ellicott, Val: Gannett News Service

Elliott, Geoff: Australian

Ellis, Kristi: Fairchild News Service

Elsibai, Nadine: Bloomberg News

Emerling, Gary: Washington Times

Endo, Mieko: Kyodo News

Enoch, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Epstein, Edward: San Francisco Chronicle

Espo, David: Associated Press

Estill, Jerry: Associated Press

Evans, Ben: Associated Press

Evans, Donald: Associated Press

Eversley, Melanie: USA Today

Fabbri, Alexis: Washington Internet Daily

Fagan, Amy: Washington Times

Faler, Brian: Bloomberg News

Fang, Tai Ming Bay: Chicago Tribune

Farhi, Paul: Washington Post

Faust, Anthony: Gannett News Service

Fears, Darryl: Washington Post

Feege, Edward: Argus Media

Fehr, Steven: Washington Post

Fein, Geoff: Defense Daily

Feld, Karen: Capital Connections

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Feldmann, Linda: Christian Science Monitor

Felker, Edward: SNG Newspapers

Feller, Ben: Associated Press

Felsenthal, Mark: Reuters

Fendrich, Howard: Associated Press

Feng, Shaojie: China Legal Daily

Ferguson, Ellyn: Gannett News Service

Ferrari, Francisco: Agence France-Presse

Ferraro, Thomas: Reuters

Ferrechio, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Fetterman, Mindy: USA Today

Fialka, John: Wall Street Journal

Fields, Gary: Wall Street Journal

Fields, Robin: Los Angeles Times

Fils, Dyane: Congressional Quarterly

Finkel, David: Washington Post

Fiore, Faye: Los Angeles Times

Fireman, Ken: Bloomberg News

Fischer, Leonard: Gannett News Service

Flaherty, Anne: Associated Press

Flaherty, Mary Pat: Washington Post

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Ford, Matt: Associated Press

Fordney, Jason: Energy Daily

Forsgren Weaver, Heather: Communications Daily

Forsythe, Michael: Bloomberg News

Foss, Brad: Associated Press

Foster-Simeon, Ed: USA Today

Fournier, Ron: Associated Press

Fowler, Maria: Gannett News Service

Fox, Margaret: Reuters

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frank, Jacqueline: Reuters

Frank, Thomas: USA Today

Fraze, Barbara: Catholic News Service

Frederick, Don: Los Angeles Times

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freeman, Alan: Toronto Globe and Mail

Freeman, Sholnn: Washington Post

Freking, Kevin: Associated Press

Friedman, Jeffrey: Congressional Quarterly

Friedman, Lisa: Los Angeles Daily News

Friedman, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Frommer, Frederic: Associated Press

Fry, Jamey: Congressional Quarterly

Fu, Norman: China Times

Fuhrig, Frank: German Press Agency-DPA

Fujii, Kazuaki: Nikkei

Furlow, Robert: Associated Press

Galianese, Joseph: Associated Press

Gallagher, Brian: USA Today

Gallen, Claire: Agence France-Presse

Gamboa, Suzanne: Associated Press

Gambrell, Kathy: CongressDaily

Gandarillas, Javier: Gannett News Service

Gaouette, K. Nicole: Los Angeles Times

Garcia Martinez, Adriana: Reuters

Gardett, Peter: Argus Media

Gardiner, Andrew: USA Today

Gardner, Amy: Washington Post

Gaudiano Albright, Nicole: Gannett News Service

Gaul, Gilbert: Washington Post

Gearan, Anne: Associated Press

Gedda, George: Associated Press

Geewax, Marilyn: Cox Newspapers

Gehrke, Robert: Salt Lake Tribune

Gelie, Philippe: Le Figaro

Gensheimer, Lydia: Congressional Quarterly

Gentry, Caroline: Argus Media

George, Elizabeth: Congressional Quarterly

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

Gerdts, Jennifer: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Gerhart, Ann: Washington Post

Gerstenzang, James: Los Angeles Times

Gertz, William: Washington Times

Giacomo, Carol: Reuters

Gibson, William: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Gienger, Viola: Bloomberg News

[[Page 956]]

Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Gilcrest, Laura: United Press International

Gillman, Todd: Dallas Morning News

Ginsberg, Steven: Washington Post; Reuters

Giroux, Gregory: Congressional Quarterly

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glass, Robert: Associated Press

Glod, Maria: Washington Post

Glover, K. Daniel: National Journal's Technology Daily

Goad, Ben: Riverside Press-Enterprise

Godfrey, John: Dow Jones Newswires

Goldbacher, Raymond: USA Today

Goldenberg, Suzanne: London Guardian

Goldfarb, Zachary: Washington Post

Goldman, Julianna: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

Goldstein, Avram: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Goldstein, Steven: Philadelphia Inquirer

Golle, Vince: Bloomberg News

Goller, Howard Scot: Reuters

Gomez, Alan: USA Today

Gomez, Sergio: El Tiempo

Gomez, Shawn: Associated Press

Goo, Sara: Washington Post

Goode, Darren: CongressDaily

Goodman, Adrianne: New York Times

Gordon, D. Craig: Newsday

Gordon, Greg: McClatchy Newspapers

Gordon, Marcy: Associated Press

Gordon, Michael: New York Times

Gorham, Elizabeth: Canadian Press

Gorman, Siobhan: Baltimore Sun

Gosselin, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Goto, Shihoko: United Press International

Govindarajan, Shweta: Congressional Quarterly

Gowen, Annie: Washington Post

Graham, Bradley: Washington Post

Graham, Jed: Investor's Business Daily

Grangereau, Philippe: Liberation

Grant, Jeremy: Financial Times

Gray, Andrew: Reuters

Green, Mark: Oklahoman

Greenberg, Brigitte: Bloomberg News

Greene, Marcia Slacum: Washington Post

Greene, Robert: Bloomberg News

Greenfield, Heather: National Journal's Technology Daily

Greenhouse, Linda: New York Times

Greiling Keane, Angela: Bloomberg News

Greve, Frank: McClatchy Newspapers

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

Griffith, Stephanie: Agence France-Presse

Grimaldi, James: Washington Post

Groppe, Maureen: Gannett News Service

Gross, Thomas: Kyodo News

Grudgings, Stuart: Reuters

Gruenwald, Juliana: CongressDaily

Guenther, Markus: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Guerra, Carlo Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Guess, Andrew: Inside Higher Ed

Guevara, Tomas: El Diario de Hoy

Guggenheim, Ken: Associated Press

Guha, Krishna: Financial Times

Gulino, Denny: Market News International

Guroian, Rafi: Cox Newspapers

Gutman, Roy: McClatchy Newspapers

Haberkorn, Jennifer: Washington Times

Hackett, Laurel: Scripps Howard News Service

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: USA Today

Hager, George: USA Today

Haggerty, Maryann: Washington Post

Hall, Kevin: McClatchy Newspapers

Hall, Mimi: USA Today

Hallock, Kimberly: Congressional Quarterly

Hallow, Ralph: Washington Times

Halpern-Meekin, Ben: Congressional Quarterly

Hamalainen, Aloysia: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamann, Carlos: Agence France-Presse

Hambrick-Stowe, Thomas: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hamburger, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

Hamrin, Eric: Asahi Shimbun

Han, Yong Kirl: Segye Times

Hananel, Sam: Associated Press

Handley, Paul: Agence France-Presse

Hannett, Thomas: Congressional Quarterly

Hardin, Peter: Richmond Times-Dispatch

Hardy, Karl: Gannett News Service

Hargrove, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Harland, Janis: New York Times

Harnden, Toby: London Daily Telegraph

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harper, Tim: Toronto Star

Harris, Amanda: Congressional Quarterly

Harris, Charles: Yomiuri Shimbun

Harris, Gardiner: New York Times

Harris, Hamil: Washington Post

Harris, Ronald: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hart, Dan: Bloomberg News

Hartnagel, Nancy: Catholic News Service

Hartson, Merrill: Associated Press

Harwood, John: Wall Street Journal

Hasan, Khalid: Lahore Daily Times

Hastings, Maribel: La Opinion

Hatch, David: National Journal's Technology Daily

Havemann, Joel: Los Angeles Times

Hawkings, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hayakawa, Toshiyuki: Sekai Nippo

Haynes, Veryl Dion: Washington Post

He, Yun: Shanghai Wenhui Daily

Healey, James: USA Today

Healy, Patrick: New York Times

Healy, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

[[Page 957]]

Heaton, Laura: United Press International

Heavey, Susan: Reuters

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hedges, Michael: Houston Chronicle

Hedges, Stephen: Chicago Tribune

Hedgpeth, Dana: Washington Post

Hefling, Kimberly: Associated Press

Hegstad, Maria: Washington Examiner

Heilprin, John: Associated Press

Helderman, Rosalind: Washington Post

Heller, Marc: Watertown Daily Times

Heller, Michele: McClatchy Newspapers

Hemingway, Mark: Market News International

Hendel, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Hendel, John: United Press International

Henderson, Celia Nell: Washington Post

Henderson, Diedtra: Boston Globe

Henderson, Gregory: Associated Press

Hendrickx, Frank: Netherlands Press Association

Hendrie, Paul: Congressional Quarterly

Hennessy-Fiske, Marian: Los Angeles Times

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Henry, John: Associated Press

Heo, Yongbom: Chosun Ilbo

Herman, Edith: Communications Daily

Herman, Ken: Cox Newspapers

Hernandez, Raymond: New York Times

Herrmann, Frank: Rheinische Post

Hess, David: CongressDaily

Hess, Pamela: United Press International

Higa, Liriel: Congressional Quarterly

Higgins, David: Congressional Quarterly

Higgins, Sean: Investor's Business Daily

Higham, Scott: Washington Post

Higuchi, Takuya: Jiji Press

Hill, Patricia: Washington Times

Hines, Cragg: Houston Chronicle

Hinton, Earl: Associated Press

Hirsch, Claudia: Market News International

Hirsch, Steve: Washington Times

Hisadome, Shinichi: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Hitt, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Hoeffel, John: Los Angeles Times

Hoffecker, Leslie: Los Angeles Times

Hoffer, Audrey: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Holland, Jesse: Associated Press

Holland, Judy: Hearst Newspapers

Holly, Christopher: Energy Daily

Holly, Derrill: Associated Press

Holmes, Charles: Cox Newspapers

Holzer, Linda: USA Today

Hong, Liu: Xinhua News Agency

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hoover, William: Wall Street Journal

Hopkins, Cheyenne: American Banker

Hopkins, Chris: WashingtonPost.com

Horrigan, Marie: Congressional Quarterly

Hortobagyi, Monica: USA Today

Horwich, Lee: USA Today

Horwitz, Sari: Washington Post

Hoskinson, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Hosler, Karen: Baltimore Sun

Hossain, Farhana: New York Times

Hotakainen, Rob: Minneapolis Star Tribune

House, Billy: Tampa Tribune

Hoy, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Hsu, Spencer: Washington Post

Hu, Fang: Xinhua News Agency

Hudson, Audrey: Washington Times

Hughes, John: Bloomberg News

Hughes, Siobhan: Dow Jones Newswires

Hughey, Ann: Bloomberg News

Hull, Anne: Washington Post

Hulse, Carl: New York Times

Hultgren, John: Aftenposten

Hultman, Tamela: AllAfrica.com

Hume, Lynn: Bond Buyer

Hunt, Albert: Bloomberg News

Hunt, Kasie: Associated Press

Hunt, Terence: Associated Press

Hunter, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Hurley, Lawrence: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Hurley, Liam: Saudi Press Agency

Hurt, Charles: Washington Examiner; New York Post

Hussein, Sara Ayesha: Saudi Press Agency

Husun, Anita: Washington Post

Hutcheson, Ron: McClatchy Newspapers

Hyde, Justin: Detroit Free Press

Igarashi, Aya: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ikeda, Nestor: Associated Press

Ilustre, Josefina: Malaya

Ip, Gregory: Wall Street Journal

Irwin, Conway: Argus Media

Itkowitz, Colby: Congressional Quarterly

Ivanovich, David: Houston Chronicle

Ives-Halperin, Benton: Dow Jones Newswires

Jackler, Rosalind: USA Today

Jackson, David: USA Today

Jackson, Frankie: Los Angeles Times

Jackson, Herbert: Bergen County Record

Jackson-Randall, Maya: Dow Jones Newswires

Jae Hong, Kim: Yonhap News Agency

Jaffe, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Jakes Jordan, Lara: Associated Press

Jalonick, Mary Clare: Associated Press

James, Frank: Chicago Tribune

James, Michael: USA Today

Jansen, Bart: Portland Press Herald

Jarlenski, Marian: Congressional Quarterly

Jaschik, Scott: Inside Higher Ed

Jaspin, Elliot: Cox Newspapers

Jean-Robert, Alain: Agence France-Presse

Jehl, Douglas: New York Times

[[Page 958]]

Jelinek, Pauline: Associated Press

Jensen, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Jessen, Kory: Associated Press

Jitsu, Tetsuya: Nikkei

Johnson, Carrie: Washington Post

Johnson, Darragh: Washington Post

Johnson, David: Scripps Howard News Servce

Johnson, Fawn: CongressDaily

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Johnson, Sandy: Associated Press

Johnson, Toni: Congressional Quarterly

Johnston, David: New York Times

Johnston, Nicholas: Bloomberg News

Jones, Kerry: Congressional Quarterly

Jones, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Jordan, Charles: CongressDaily

Joshi, Jitendra: Agence France-Presse

Joy, Patricia: Congressional Quarterly

Joyce, Amy: Washington Post

Joyce, Stacey: Reuters

Junius, Dennis: Associated Press

Justsen, Klaus: Jyllands-Posten

Kady II, Martin: Congressional Quarterly

Kajita, Takehito: Kyodo News

Kamalick, Joseph: ICIS News

Kamazuka, Yumi: Akahata

Kamen, Al: Washington Post

Kammer, Jerry: Copley News Service

Kampeas, Ron: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Kane, Paul: WashingtonPost.com

Kaper, Stacy Lynn: American Banker

Kaplan, Peter: Reuters

Kapochunas, Rachel: Congressional Quarterly

Karam, Joyce: Al-Hayat

Karey, Gerald: Platts News Service

Karube, Kensuke: Jiji Press

Karush, Sarah: Associated Press

Kasahara, Toshihiko: Mainichi Shimbun

Kastner, Kevin: Market News International

Kato, Hidenaka: Nikkei

Kato, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Keating, Dan: Washington Post

Keefe, Stephen: Nikkei

Keller, Susan: New York Times

Kelley, Matthew: USA Today

Kellman Blazar, Laurie: Associated Press

Kellogg, Sarah: Newhouse News Service

Kelly, Dennis: USA Today

Kelly, Erin: Gannett News Service

Kelly, Ryan: Congressional Quarterly

Kemper, Bob: Atlanta Journal Constitution

Kendall, Brent: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Kercheval, Nancy: Bloomberg News

Kerr, Jennifer: Associated Press

Kerry, Frances: Reuters

Kertes, Noella: Congressional Quarterly

Kessler, Glenn: Washington Post

Kesten, Lou: Associated Press

Kiefer, Francine: Christian Science Monitor

Kiely, Eugene: USA Today

Kiely, Kathy: USA Today

Kilian, Martin: Tages Anzeiger

Kilpatrick, James: Universal Press Syndicate

Kim, Angela: Congressional Quarterly

Kim, Byungsu: Yonhap News Agency

Kim, Eun: Gannett News Service

Kim, Jae Hong: Yonhap News Agency

Kim, Jin Ho: Kyunghyang Shinmun

Kimitch, Rebecca: Congressional Quarterly

Kimura, Jun: Mainichi Shimbun

King, Ledyard: Gannett News Service

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

King, Jr., Neil: Wall Street Journal

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchgaessner, Stephanie: Financial Times

Kirchhoff, Suzanne: USA Today

Kirkland, Michael: United Press International

Kirkman, Joshua: Asahi Shimbun

Kirkpatrick, David: New York Times

Kirsanov, Dmitry: Itar-Tass News Agency

Kiss, Veronique: Agence France-Presse

Kitto, Kris: LRP Publications

Kivlan, Terence: CongressDaily

Klein, Alec: Washington Post

Klein, Allison: Washington Post

Klein, Richard: Boston Globe

Klein Jr., Gilbert: Media General News Service

Klisz, Theresa: Gannett News Service

Kluever, Reymer: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Klug, Foster: Associated Press

Kniazkov, Maxim: Agence France-Presse

Knox, Noelle: USA Today

Knox, Olivier: Agence France-Presse

Koar, Juergen: Stuttgarter Zeitung

Koch, Wendy: USA Today

Kodjak-Fitzgerald, Alison: Bloomberg News

Koff, Stephen: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Koffler, Keith: CongressDaily

Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

Komurata, Yoshiyuki: Asahi Shimbun

Kornblut, Anne: Washington Post

Kosseff, Jeffrey: Oregonian

Koszczuk, Jaculine: Congressional Quarterly

Kotake, Hiroyuki: Nikkei

Kralev, Nicholas: Washington Times

Kramer, Reed: AllAfrica.com

Kranish, Michael: Boston Globe

Krawzak, Paul: Copley News Service

Krebs, Brian: WashingtonPost.com

Kreisher, Otto: CongressDaily

Krieger, Hilary Leila: Jerusalem Post

Krieger, Kim: Argus Media

[[Page 959]]

Krishnaswami, Sridhar: Press Trust of India

Kroepsch, Adrianne: Congressional Quarterly

Kronholz, June: Wall Street Journal

Kuhnhenn, Jim: Associated Press

Kuk, Kiyon: Segye Times

Kumar, Anita: St. Petersburg Times

Kumar, Arun: Indo-Asian News Service

Kumar, Dinesh: Communications Daily

Kunkle, Fredrick: Washington Post

Kuno, Shuko: Jiji Press

La Franchi, Howard: Christian Science Monitor

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labbe, Theola: Washington Post

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lambert, Lisa: Reuters

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Landay, Jonathan: McClatchy Newspapers

Landers, James: Dallas Morning News

Lando, Ben: United Press International

Landry, Catherine: Platts News Service

Langan, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Lanman, Scott: Bloomberg News

Lanteaume, Sylvie: Agence France-Presse

Larkin, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Lash, Steve: Chicago Daily Law Bulletin

Lawder, David: Reuters

Lawrence, Jill: USA Today

Layton, Lyndsey: Washington Post

Leahy, Michael: Washington Post

Leary, Warren: New York Times

Leavitt, Paul: USA Today

Lebbar, Sabah: Maghreb Arab Press

Lebling, Madonna: Washington Post

Lederman, Douglas: Inside Higher Ed

LeDuc, Daniel: Washington Post

Lee, Byonghan: Korea Times

Lee, Chang-Yul: Korea Times

Lee, Christopher: Washington Post

Lee, Dong Min: Yonhap News Agency

Lee, Jong Kook: Korea Times

Lee, Ki Chang: Yonhap News Agency

Lee, Matthew: Associated Press

Lee, Richard: Media General News Service

Lee, Suevon: New York Times

Lefkow, Chris: Agence France-Presse

LeGras, Gilbert: Reuters

Lehmann, Chris: Congressional Quarterly

Lehmann, Evan: Lowell Sun

Leibovich, Mark: New York Times

Leiby, Richard: Washington Post

Leinwand, Donna: USA Today

Lengel, Allan: Washington Post

Lengell, Sean: Washington Times

Lerman, David: Newport News Daily Press

Lesnes, Corine: Le Monde

Lesparre, Michael: Votes in Congress Newspaper Syndicate

Lester, William: Associated Press

Leubsdorf, Carl: Dallas Morning News

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levey, Noam: Los Angeles Times

Levin, Alan: USA Today

Levine, Susan: Washington Post

Levinson, Nathan: Congressional Quarterly

Lewallen, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Lewis, Charles: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Copley News Service

Lewis, Katherine: Newhouse News Service

Lewis, Neil: New York Times

Li, Zhengxin: China Economic Daily

Lichtblau, Eric: New York Times

Lieberman, Brett: Harrisburg Patriot-News

Lightman, David: Hartford Courant

Lilleston, Thomas: USA Today

Lin, Betty: World Journal

Lindell, Cecile: Daily Deal

Linskey, Regina: Catholic News Service

Lipari, James: Associated Press

Lipman, Laurence: Cox Newspapers

Lipscomb, David: Washington Times

Lipton, Eric: New York Times

Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

Liu, Ping: China Times

Lizama, Orlando: EFE News Services

Lloyd-Parry, Roland: Agence France-Presse

Lobe, James: Inter Press Service

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Lochhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Locker, Ray: USA Today

Lopez Zamorano, Jose: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Lorenzetti, Maureen: Reuters

Lorenzo, Aaron: BioWorld Today

Loven, Jennifer: Associated Press

Lovenheim, Sarah: WashingtonPost.com

Lowy, Joan: Associated Press

Lozano, Laurent: Agence France-Presse

Lubold, Gordon: Christian Science Monitor

Luce, Edward: Financial Times

Lueck, Sarah: Wall Street Journal

Lumpkin, Beverley: Associated Press

Luo, Michael: New York Times

Lynch, David: USA Today

Lytle, Tamara: Orlando Sentinel

Macaron, Joe: Kuwait News Agency

Macaskill, Ewen: London Guardian

Mackler, Peter: Agence France-Presse

Madden, Mike: Gannett News Service

Madhani, Aamer: Chicago Tribune

Magner, Mike: CongressDaily

Majano, Rosendo: EFE News Services

Make, Jonathan: Communications Daily

Maler, Sandra: Reuters

Malone, Julia: Cox Newspapers

Mann, Jason: CongressDaily

[[Page 960]]

Mann, William: Associated Press

Manning, Jason: WashingtonPost.com

Manning, Stephen: Associated Press

Mannion, James: Agence France-Presse

Mantell, Ruth: MarketWatch

Marcus, Aliza: Bloomberg News

Marcus, Ruth: Washington Post

Marech, Rona: Baltimore Sun

Margasak, Lawrence: Associated Press

Margetta, Robert James: Congressional Quarterly

Marimow, Anne: Washington Post

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Mark, Roy: Internetnews.com

Marklein, Mary Beth: USA Today

Marolo, Bruno: L'Unita

Marrero, Diana: Gannett News Service

Marshall, Christa: Denver Post

Marshall, Michael: United Press International

Marshall, Stephen: USA Today

Martin, Gary: San Antonio Express-News

Martinez, Ian: Communications Daily

Martinez, Michael: National Journal's Technology Daily

Marutani, Hiroshi: Nikkei

Mascaro, Lisa: Las Vegas Sun

Mason, Julie: Houston Chronicle

Masumitsu, Hiroshi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Mathews, Anna: Wall Street Journal

Mathewson, Judith: Bloomberg News

Matthews, Mark: Orlando Sentinel

Matthews, Robert Guy: Wall Street Journal

Maynard, Michael: MarketWatch

McAuliff, Michael: New York Daily News

McCaffrey, Raymond: Washington Post

McCarthy, Mike: German Press Agency-DPA

McCaslin, John: Washington Times

McConnell, Alison: Bond Buyer

McConnell, William: Daily Deal

McCutcheon, Chuck: Newhouse News Service

McDonald, Greg: Congressional Quarterly

McFeatters, Dale: Scripps Howard News Service

McGinley, Laurie: Wall Street Journal

McGrane, Victoria: Congressional Quarterly

McKeever, Amy: Mainichi Shimbun

McKenna, Barrie: Toronto Globe and Mail

McKinnon, John: Wall Street Journal

McLaughlin, Seth: Washington Times

McLean, Demian: Bloomberg News

McLoone, Sharon: WashingtonPost.com

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McNeil, Margaret: MarketWatch

McQuillan, Mark: Bloomberg News

McQuillen, William: Bloomberg News

Meadows, Clifford: New York Times

Means, Marianne: Hearst Newspapers

Meckler, Laura: Wall Street Journal

Meek, James: New York Daily News

Megali, Brian: Argus Media

Mekay, Emad: Inter Press Service

Melendez, Michele: Newhouse News Service

Memmott, Mark: USA Today

Mercer, Marsha: Media General News Service

Merle, Renae: Washington Post

Merry, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Meszoly, Robin: Bloomberg News

Metzler, Natasha: Associated Press

Meyer, Joshua: Los Angeles Times

Michaels, Jim: USA Today

Michalski, Patty: USA Today

Middleton, Chris: Market News International

Miga, Andrew: Associated Press

Mihailescu, Andrea: United Press International

Mikes, Zoltan: World Business Press

Mikkelsen, Randall: Reuters

Milbank, Dana: Washington Post

Miller, Alan: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Cheryl: New York Times

Miller, Greg: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Kevin: Bloomberg News

Miller, Leslie: Associated Press

Miller, Richard: Bloomberg News

Miller, Steven: Washington Times

Miller, William: Washington Post

Milligan, Susan: Boston Globe

Millikin, David: Agence France-Presse

Miroff, Nick: Washington Post

Mitchell, Steve: United Press International

Mitoma, Yoshio: Sekai Nippo

Mittelstadt, Michelle: Houston Chronicle

Moffitt, Lawrence: United Press International

Mohammad, Saad: Kuwait News Agency

Mohammed, Arshad: Reuters

Mohr, Patricia: LRP Publications

Molotsky, Irvin: CongressDaily

Monaghan, Elaine: Congressional Quarterly

Monge, Yolanda: El Pais

Montet, Virginie: Agence France-Presse

Montgomery, David: Fort Worth Star-Telegram; Washington Post

Montgomery, Lori: Washington Post

Moore, Pamela: LRP Publications

Morales, Armando: La Razon

Morgan, Dan: Washington Post

Morgan, David: Reuters

Moriarty, Jo Ann: Springfield Republican

Morley, Jefferson: WashingtonPost.com

Morris, Damiko: Associated Press

Morris, David: CongressDaily

Morrison, James: Washington Times

Morrison, Joanne: Reuters

Morse, Dan: Washington Post

Morton, Joseph: Omaha World-Herald

Moscoso, Eunice: Cox Newspapers

Mosk, Matthew: Washington Post

Moss, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Mott, Gregory: Bloomberg News

[[Page 961]]

Mufson, Steven: Washington Post

Mulkern, Anne: Denver Post

Mulligan, John: Providence Journal

Mullins, Brody: Wall Street Journal

Mundy, Alicia: Seattle Times

Munoz, Cesar: EFE News Services

Murphy, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Murray, Brendan: Bloomberg News

Murray, Frank: Washington Times

Murray, Shailagh: Washington Post

Murray, Shanon: Daily Deal

Murti, Bhattiprolu: Dow Jones Newswires

Mussenden, Sean: Media General News Service

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Laura: Associated Press

Mykkanen, Pekka: Helsingin Sanomat

Naganuma, Aki: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Nagourney, Adam: New York Times

Nail, Dawson: Communications Daily

Nakamura, David: Washington Post

Nakashima, Ellen: Washington Post

Nather, David: Congressional Quarterly

N'Diaye, Yali: Market News International

Neergaard, Lauran: Associated Press

Neikirk, William: Chicago Tribune

Nesmith, Jeff: Cox Newspapers

Neubauer, Chuck: Los Angeles Times

Neuman, Johanna: Los Angeles Times

Newman, Christopher: Argus Media

Newton Small, Jay: Bloomberg News

Niehaus, Wanita: Scripps Howard News Service

Nielsen, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Niland, Martin: Associated Press

Nippert, Carol: Hearst Newspapers

Nishimura, Takuya: Hokkaido Shimbun

Nishizaki, Kaoru: Asahi Shimbun

Nitkin, David: Baltimore Sun

Niu, Zhen: Shanghai WenHui Daily

Nixon, Ronnie: New York Times

Nkansah, E. Roy: Congressional Quarterly

Noel, Essex: Reuters

Nomiyama, Chizu: Reuters

Norman, Jane: Des Moines Register

Norton, C. JoAnne: Bloomberg News

Novak, Robert: Chicago Sun-Times

Noyes, Andrew: National Journal's Technology Daily

Nutting, Brian: Congressional Quarterly

Nutting, Rex: MarketWatch

Nyitray, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

O'Brien, Nancy: Catholic News Service

O'Callaghan, John: Reuters

O'Donnell, Jayne: USA Today

O'Keefe, Edward: WashingtonPost.com

O'Neil, Anne: Argus Media

O'Reilly II, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Oguri, Yasuyuki: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Ohji, Tomoko: Mainichi Shimbun

Ohlemacher, Stephen: Associated Press

Ohlsson, Erik: Dagens Nyheter

Okuma, Yoshiaki: Jiji Press

Olchowy, Mark: Associated Press

Oliveri, Frank: Congressional Quarterly

Olmsted, Daniel: United Press International

Olson, Elizabeth: New York Times

Orndorff, Mary: Birmingham News

Orol, Ron: Daily Deal

Orr, J. Scott: Newark Star-Ledger

Osenenko, Derek: Gannett News Service

Ostermann, Dietmar: Frankfurter Rundschau

Ota, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Otsuka, Ryuichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ourlian, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Overberg, Paul: USA Today

Owens, Megan: Associated Press

Ozaeta-Heusel, Cristina: EFE News Services

Pace, David: Associated Press

Pacifici, Sabrina: New York Times

Page, Clarence: Chicago Tribune

Page, Susan: USA Today

Pakhomov, Alexander: Itar-Tass News Agency

Paletta, Damian: Dow Jones Newswires

Paley, Amit: Washington Post

Palmer, Doug: Reuters

Pan, Yunzhao: Xinhua News Agency

Papantoniou, Lambros: Eleftheros Typos

Pappu, Sridhar: Washington Post

Park, Hannah Won: Yonhap News Agency

Park, Jin-Keol: Korea Daily

Park, Ki Chan: Korea Times

Park, Kwang Duk: Korea Times

Parker, Ashley: New York Times

Parker, Laura: USA Today

Parker, Mario: Bloomberg News

Parks, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Parnes, Amie: Scripps Howard News Service

Parsons, Christi: Chicago Tribune

Pasternak, Judy: Los Angeles Times

Patterson, Dean: Reuters

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Patton, Janet: Lexington Herald-Leader

Pear, Robert: New York Times

Peck, Louis: CongressDaily

Pelofsky, Jeremy: Reuters

Pena, Maria: EFE News Services

Perez, Evan: Wall Street Journal

Perine, Keith: Congressional Quarterly

Perkins, Mary: Yomiuri Shimbun

Petersen, Rosemary: Copley News Service

Peterson, Jonathan: Los Angeles Times

Peterson, Molly: Bloomberg News

Pettypiece, Shannon: Bloomberg News

Pfeiffer, Eric: Washington Times

Phelps, Timothy: Newsday

Phillips, Kathleen: New York Times

[[Page 962]]

Phillips, Lauren: Congressional Quarterly

Phillips, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Philpott, Thomas: Military Update

Pickard-Cambridge, Claire: Argus Media

Pickler, Nedra: Associated Press

Pierce, Olga: United Press International

Pincus, Walter: Washington Post

Pine, Art: CongressDaily

Piotrowski, Matt: Oil Daily

Piper, Greg: Communications Daily

Pitts, Edward Lee: Chattanooga Times Free Press

Pleming, Sue: Reuters

Plocek, Joseph: Market News International

Plungis, Jeff: Bloomberg News

Poirier, John: Reuters

Ponnudurai, Parameswaran: Agence France-Presse

Pope, Charles: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Pore, Amery: Argus Media

Posner, Michael: CongressDaily

Poulson, Theresa: National Journal's Technology Daily

Povich, Elaine: CongressDaily

Powell, Stewart: Hearst Newspapers

Powelson, Richard: Scripps Howard News Service

Powers, Elia: Inside Higher Ed

Preciphs, Joi: Bloomberg News

Pressley, Sue Ann: Washington Post

Price, Deborah: Detroit News

Price, Elizabeth: Dow Jones Newswires

Price, Marc: Associated Press

Priest, Dana: Washington Post

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Pugh, Anthony: McClatchy Newspapers

Pulizzi, Henry: Dow Jones Newswires

Purce, Melinda: Associated Press

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Putman, Eileen: Associated Press

Puzzanghera, James: Los Angeles Times

Qianliang, Yu: Xinhua News Agency

Qiu, Jiangbo: China News Service

Quaid, Libby: Associated Press

Raab, Charlotte: Agence France-Presse

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

Rabuffetti, Mauricio: Agence France-Presse

Radelat, Ana: Gannett News Service

Radwan, Ahmed: Kuwait News Agency

Raimon, Marcelo: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rajagopalan, Sethuraman: The Pioneer - India

Raju, Manu: Congressional Quarterly

Ramstack, Thomas: Washington Times

Rankin, Robert: McClatchy Newspapers

Rater, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Ratnam, Gopal: Bloomberg News

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Rauscher, Jr., Carl: Cox Newspapers

Ray, Eric: Congressional Quarterly

Raymond, Anthony: Political Money Line

Reber, Paticia: German Press Agency-DPA

Recio, Maria: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Redden, Elizabeth: Inside Higher Ed

Reddy, Sudeep: Dallas Morning News

Reeves, Pamela: Scripps Howard News Servce

Rehmann, Marc: Congressional Quarterly

Rehrmann, Laura: Gannett News Service

Reichard, John: Congressional Quarterly

Reilly, Sean: Mobile Register

Rein, Lisa: Washington Post

Reinert-Mason, Patty: Houston Chronicle

Reiss, Cory: New York Times

Remez, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Retter, Daphne: Congressional Quarterly

Reynolds, Maura: Los Angeles Times

Ricci, Andrea: Reuters

Rich, Eric: Washington Post

Rich, Spencer: CongressDaily

Richardson, Betty: Congressional Quarterly

Richert, Catharine: Congressional Quarterly

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

Richter, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Rickett, Keith: Associated Press

Ricks, Tom: Washington Post

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Rief, Norbert: Die Presse

Riley, John: USA Today

Riley, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Ripley, Neil: Congressional Quarterly

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Risser, William: USA Today

Rizzo, Katherine: Congressional Quarterly

Robb, Gregory: MarketWatch

Roberts, Kristin: Reuters

Roberts, Roxanne: Washington Post

Roberts III, William: Bloomberg News

Robertson, Vanessa: London Daily Telegraph

Robinson, Eugene: Washington Post

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, John: Defense Daily

Roche, Jr., Walter: Los Angeles Times

Rockoff, Jonathan: Baltimore Sun

Rodriguez, Antonio: Agence France-Presse

Rogers, David: Wall Street Journal

Rogin, Joshua: Asahi Shimbun; Congressional Quarterly

Rohner, Mark: Bloomberg News

Roland, Neil: Bloomberg News

Romano, Lois: Washington Post

Roosevelt, Ann: Defense Daily

Rosen, James: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenberg, Elizabeth: Argus Media

Rosenberg, Eric: Hearst Newspapers

Rosenkrantz, Holly: Bloomberg News

Rosenstein, Bruce: USA Today

Ross, Sonya: Associated Press

Roth, Bennett: Houston Chronicle

[[Page 963]]

Rowland, Kara: Washington Times

Rowley, James: Bloomberg News

Ruane, Michael: Washington Post

Rubin, James: Bloomberg News

Rubin, Richard: Congressional Quarterly

Rucker, Patrick: Reuters

Ruesch, Andreas: Neue Zuercher Zeitung

Rugaber, Chris: Associated Press

Ruiz, Phillip: Los Angeles Times

Rulon, Malia: Gannett News Service

Runningen, Roger: Bloomberg News

Rutenberg, Jim: New York Times

Ryan, Mary: Reuters

Ryan, Timothy: Reuters

Sadahiro, Takashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Sadler, Aaron: Stephens Media Group

Sakamoto, Takashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Salant, Jonathan: Bloomberg News

Salhani, Claude: United Press International

Sanchez, Humberto: Bond Buyer

Sandalow, Marc: San Francisco Chronicle

Sandler, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sanner, Ann: Associated Press

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Santos, Lori: Reuters

Sanz, Marie: Agence France-Presse

Sato, Nobuyuki: Jiji Press

Savage, Charles: Boston Globe

Savage, David: Los Angeles Times

Sawai, Toshimitsu: Kyodo News

Sawchuk, Stephen: LRP Publications

Saygin, Funda: Argus Media

Scally, William: William Scally Reports

Scannell, Kara: Wall Street Journal

Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Examiner

Schatz, Amy: Wall Street Journal

Scheuble, Kristy: Bloomberg News

Schlesinger, Jacob: Wall Street Journal

Schlisserman, Courtney: Bloomberg News

Schmick, William: Bloomberg News

Schmid, Randolph: Associated Press

Schmid, Sharon: Wall Street Journal

Schmidt, Robert: Bloomberg News

Schmidt, Susan: Washington Post

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schmitt, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Schneider, Andrew: Seatlle Post-Intelligencer

Schneider, Benjamin: CongressDaily

Schneider, Jodi: Congressional Quarterly

Schoeller, Olivia: Berliner Zeitung

Schoof, Renee: McClatchy Newspapers

Schouten, Fredreka: USA Today

Schram, Martin: Scripps Howard News Service

Schroeder, Peter: Bond Buyer

Schroeder, Robert: MarketWatch

Schuler, Kate: CongressDaily

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Scott, Heather: Market News International

Scott, Katherine: Gannett News Service

Scully, Megan: CongressDaily

Seeley, Tina: Bloomberg News

Sefton, Dru: Newhouse News Service

Seib, Gerald: Wall Street Journal

Seibel, Mark: McClatchy Newspapers

Seim, Sereana: Jiji Press

Semel, Michael: Washington Post

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Serrano, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Serrat, Celine: Agence France-Presse

Sevastopulo, Demetri: Financial Times

Shackelford, Lucy: Washington Post

Shaffrey, Mary: Winston-Salem Journal

Shalal-Esa, Andrea: Reuters

Shane, Scott: New York Times

Shanker, Thomas: New York Times

Shapira, Ian: Washington Post

Shaw, John: Market News International

Shea, Patricia: Mainichi Shimbun

Shear, Michael: Washington Post

Shearer, Cody: Shearer and Glen News

Sheehan, Theresa: Market News International

Sheikh, Nezar: Saudi Press Agency

Shelly, Nedra: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Shenon, Philip: New York Times

Shepard, Scott: Cox Newspapers

Shepardson, David: Detroit News

Sheridan, Kerry Colleen: Agence France-Presse

Sheridan, Mary Beth: Washington Post

Sherman, Jerome: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Sherman, Mark: Associated Press

Sherzai, Magan: Agence France-Presse

Shesgreen, Deirdre: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Shields, Gerard: Baton Rouge Advocate

Shipman, Tim: London Daily Telegraph

Shipp, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Shrader, Katie: Associated Press

Sia, Richard: CongressDaily

Sichelman, Lew: United Media

Siddons, Andrew: Yomiuri Shimbun

Sidorov, Dmitry: Kommersant

Sidoti, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Sieff, Martin: United Press International

Sigurdson, Todd: Associated Press

Silva, Mark: Chicago Tribune

Silvassy, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Silverman, Elissa: Washington Post

Simison, Robert: Bloomberg News

Simon, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Siniff, John: USA Today

Sipress, Alan: Washington Post

Sirak, Michael: Defense Daily

Sisk, Richard: New York Daily News

[[Page 964]]

Sisto, Carrie: Argus Media

Sitov, Andrei: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skiba, Katherine: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Skorneck, Carolyn: Associated Press

Slater, James: Agence France-Presse

Slavin, Barbara: USA Today

Sloan, Steven: American Banker

Smith, Donna: Reuters

Smith, Elliot Blair: Bloomberg News

Smith, Jeffrey: Washington Post

Smith, Sylvia: Fort Wayne Journal Gazette

Smith, Veronica: Agence France-Presse

Snider, Michael: USA Today

Sniffen, Michael: Associated Press

Snyder, Charles: Taipei Times

Sobczyk, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Solomon, Deborah: Wall Street Journal

Solomon, John: Washington Post

Solomon, Jonathan: Wall Street Journal

Somerville, Glenn: Reuters

Soraghan, Michael: Denver Post

Soufiya, Hamzaoui: Maghreb Arab Press

Spang, Thomas: US-Report (Germany)

Spangler, Todd: Detroit Free Press

Sparks, Sarah: LRP Publications

Spence, Tony: Catholic News Service

Spencer, George: Restructuring Today

Spencer, Samuel: Restructuring Today

Spencer, Tomoko: Kyodo News

Spetalnick, Matthew: Reuters

Spiegel, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Spieler, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Spillius, Alexander: London Daily Telegraph

Spivack, Miranda: Washington Post

Sprengelmeyer, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

St. Onge, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

Stables, Eleanor: Congressional Quarterly

Stager, Joshua: Congressional Quarterly

Stanchak, Jesse: Congressional Quarterly

Starks, Tim: Congressional Quarterly

Stearns, Matthew: Kansas City Star

Steiger, Jana: Congressional Quarterly

Stein, Jeff: Congressional Quarterly

Stein, Robert: Washington Post

Steiner, Emil: WashingtonPost.com

Steinman, Jon: Bloomberg News

Stempleman, Neil: Reuters

Stephens, Joe: Washington Post

Stern, Christopher: Bloomberg News

Stern, Marcus: Copley News Service

Stern, Seth: Congressional Quarterly

Sternberg, Steve: USA Today

Sternberg, William: USA Today

Sternstein, Aliya: National Journal's Technology Daily

Stevenson, Richard: New York Times

Stewart, Bruce Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stewart, Nikita: Washington Post

Stewart, Rhonda: Chicago Tribune

Stockman, Farah: Boston Globe

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg News

Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Storey, David: Reuters

Stoughton, Stephenie: Associated Press

Stout, David: New York Times

Straub, Noelle: Lee Newspapers

Strobel, Warren: McClatchy Newspapers

Strohm, Chris: CongressDaily

Strong, Thomas: Associated Press

Struglinski, Suzanne: Deseret Morning News

Stuever, Hank: Washington Post

Sugita, Hiroki: Kyodo News

Sullivan, Andy: Reuters

Sullivan, Bartholomew: Scripps Howard News Service

Sullivan, Eileen: Congressional Quarterly

Sun, Lena: Washington Post

Supervielle, Ana Baron: Clarin

Superville, Darlene: Associated Press

Surzhanskiy, Andrey: Itar-Tass News Agency

Susami, Fumitaka: Kyodo News

Swann, Christopher: Bloomberg News

Swarns, Rachel: New York Times

Sweeney, Jeanne: LRP Publications

Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

Swindell, Bill: CongressDaily

Szekely, Peter: Reuters

Tachio, Ryoji: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Tackett, R. Michael: Chicago Tribune

Takahashi, Hiroyuki: Jiji Press

Takahashi, Masaya: Kyodo News

Takruri, Lubna: Associated Press

Talbott, Basil: CongressDaily

Talev, Margaret: McClatchy Newspapers

Talhelm, Jennifer: Associated Press

Talley, Ian: Dow Jones Newswires

Tang, Yong: China People's Daily

Tankersley, James: Chicago Tribune

Tanzi, Alex: Bloomberg News

Tatsumi, Tomoji: Kyodo News

Taubman, Philip: New York Times

Tavara, Santiago: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Taylor, Andrew: Associated Press

Taylor, Cynthia: Boston Globe

Taylor, Dan: Washington Times

Taylor, Marisa: McClatchy Newspapers

Teitelbaum, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Teskrat, Nadia: Agence France-Presse

Tessler, Joelle: Congressional Quarterly

Tetreault, Stephan: Stephens Media Group

Theimer, Sharon: Associated Press

Theobald, William: Gannett News Service

Thibodeaux, Troy: Associated Press

[[Page 965]]

Thomas, Helen: Hearst Newspapers

Thomas, Ken: Associated Press

Thomas, Richard: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Thomasson, Dan: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomet, Laurent: Agence France-Presse

Thomma, Steven: McClatchy Newspapers

Thompson, Caitlin Ellen: WashingtonPost.com

Thompson, Cheryl: Washington Post

Thompson, Jake: Omaha World-Herald

Thrush, Glenn: Newsday

Tilove, Jonathan: Newhouse News Service

Timmons, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Tobe, Hajime: Kyodo News

Tokito, Mineko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Toles, Tom: Washington Post

Tollefson, Jeff: Congressional Quarterly

Tomasky, Michael: London Guardian

Tomkin, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Tomkins, Richard: United Press International

Tompson, Trevor: Associated Press

Toner, Robin: New York Times

Toppo, Gregory: USA Today

Torres, Carlos: Bloomberg News

Torres, Craig: Bloomberg News

Torry, Jack: Columbus Dispatch

Torry, Saundra: USA Today

Tozier, Carolyn: Restructuring Today

Trankovits, Laszlo: German Press Agency-DPA

Trejos, Nancy: Washington Post

Trescott, Jacqueline: Washington Post

Triplett, William: Daily Variety

Trott, William: Reuters

Trowbridge, Gordon: Detroit News

Tsao, Nadia Y.F.: Liberty Times

Tucker, Boyd Neely: Washington Post

Tumulty, Brian: Gannett News Service

Tunks, Larry: Congressional Quarterly

Turley, Melissa: LRP Publications

Turque, Bill: Washington Post

Tyson, Ann Scott: Washington Post

Tyson, James: Bloomberg News

Ueda, Toshihide: Asahi Shimbun

Uenuma, Francine: WashingtonPost.com

Ukai, Satoshi: Asahi Shimbun

Ullmann, Owen: USA Today

Umehara, Toshiya: Asahi Shimbun

Umemoto, Itsuro: Jiji Press

Urban, Peter: Connecticut Post

Urbina, Ian: New York Times

Usher, Anne: Cox Newspapers

Vadala, Gregory: Congressional Quarterly

Val Mitjavila, Eusebio: La Vanguardia

Valery, Chantal: Agence France-Presse

Van Nostrand, Jim: McClatchy Newspapers

Vanden Brook, Tom: USA Today

Vander Haar, William: Associated Press

Vargas, Jose Antonio: Washington Post

Vaughan, Martin: CongressDaily

Veazey, Walter: Scripps Howard News Service

Vedantam, Shankar: Washington Post

Veigle, Anne: Communications Daily

Vekshin, Alison: Bloomberg News

Vergano, Dan: USA Today

Viccora, Andrew: LRP Publications

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vidal Liy, Macarena: EFE News Services

Vineys, Kevin: Associated Press

Vogel, Stephen: Washington Post

Vogt, Christophe: Agence France-Presse

Volpe, Paul: Congressional Quarterly

Vorman, Julie: Reuters

Wada, Hiroaki: Mainichi Shimbun

Wagman, Robert: Newspaper Enterprise

Wagner, John: Washington Post

Waitz, Nancy: Reuters

Walcott, John: McClatchy Newspapers

Walczak, Leon: Bloomberg News

Wald, Matthew: New York Times

Waldmeir, Patti: Financial Times

Walker, Martin: United Press International

Wallsten, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Walsh, Bill: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Walsh, Brendan: Congressional Quarterly

Walsh, Edmund: Dow Jones Newswires

Walters, Anne: German Press Agency-DPA

Walton-James, Vickie: Chicago Tribune

Wang, Herman: Chattanooga Times Free Press

Ward, Andrew: Financial Times

Ward, Jon: Washington Times

Warminsky, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Warner, Judith: New York Times

Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

Watanabe, Hiroo: Sankei Shimbun

Waterman, Shaun: United Press International

Watson, Traci: USA Today

Watters, Susan: Fairchild News Service

Watts, William: MarketWatch

Wayne, Alexander: Congressional Quarterly

Wayne, Leslie: New York Times

Webber, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Webster, Jamie: Argus Media

Weekes Jr., Michael: Reuters

Wegner, Mark: CongressDaily

Wehrman, Jessica: Dayton Daily News

Weil, Martin: Washington Post

Wein, Josh: Communications Daily

Weiner, Mark: Syracuse Post-Standard

Weisman, Jonathan: Washington Post

Weisman, Steven: New York Times

Weiss, Eric: Washington Post

Weiss, Rick: Washington Post

Welch, James: USA Today

Wellisz, Chris: Bloomberg News

Wells, Billie Jean: Gannett News Service

[[Page 966]]

Wells, Letitia: McClatchy Newspapers

Wells, Robert: Dow Jones Newswires

Welsch, Edward: Dow Jones Newswires

Weng, Xiang: China Youth Daily

Werner, Erica: Associated Press

Wernicke, Christian: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Elizabeth: Asahi Shimbun

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westbrook, Jesse: Bloomberg News

Westley, Brian: Associated Press

Westphal, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Wheaton, Sarah: New York Times

Wheeler, Lawrence: Gannett News Service

White, Dina: Chicago Tribune

White, Gordon: Washington Telecommunications Services

White, Josh: Washington Post

White, Keith: CongressDaily

White, Jr., Joseph: Associated Press

Whitesides, John: Reuters

Whitmire, Guy: Congressional Quarterly

Whitney, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Whittle, Richard: Dallas Morning News

Wiessler, David: Reuters

Wilber, Del: Washington Post

Wilke, John: Wall Street Journal

Wilkie, Dana: Copley News Service

Wilkison, David: Associated Press

Williams, Jr., Joseph: Boston Globe

Williamson, Elizabeth: Washington Post

Willing, Richard: USA Today

Willis, Derek: WashingtonPost.com

Willis, Robert: Bloomberg News

Willman, David: Los Angeles Times

Wilson, George: CongressDaily

Wilson, Patricia: Reuters

Winicour, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Winski, Joe: Bloomberg News

Winston, Beverly: Gannett News Service

Witcover, Jules: Tribune Media Services

Witkowski, Nancy Benac: Associated Press

Witt, April: Washington Post

Witter, Willis: Washington Times

Wolf, Ariana: Congressional Quarterly

Wolf, Jim: Reuters

Wolf, Richard: USA Today

Wolfe, Kathryn: Congressional Quarterly

Woo, Yee Ling: Congressional Quarterly

Wood, David: Baltimore Sun

Wood, Winston: Wall Street Journal

Woodlee, Yolanda: Washington Post

Woodward, Bob: Washington Post

Wroughton, Lesley: Reuters

Wuetherich, Peter: Agence France-Presse

Wutkowski, Karey: Reuters

Wynn, Randall: Congressional Quarterly

Wysocki, Jr., Bernard: Wall Street Journal

Xiangwen, Ge: Xinhua News Agency

Xiao-Jing, Du: China Press

Xu, Qisheng: Guangming Daily

Xuejiang, Li: China People's Daily

Yada, Toshihiko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Yamamoto, Hideya: Sankei Shimbun

Yamamoto, Rumiko: Nikkei

Yamasaki, Shinji: Akahata

Yamour, Heather: Kuwait News Agency

Yan, Feng: Xinhua News Agency

Yancey, Matthew: Associated Press

Yasunaga, Tatsuro: Kyodo News

Yaukey, John: Gannett News Service

Yen, Hope: Associated Press

Yilmaz, Nuh: Istanbul Star

Yoder, Eric: Washington Post

Yoest, Patrick: Congressional Quarterly

Yoon, Kyongho: Maeil Business Newspaper

Yoshida, Hiroyuki: Mainichi Shimbun

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Younglai, Rachelle: Reuters

Youssef, Nancy: McClatchy Newspapers

Yu, Donghui: China Press

Yue, Wu: China Press

Zabarenko, Deborah: Reuters

Zablit, Jocelyne: Agence France-Presse

Zacharia, Janine: Bloomberg News

Zagaroli, Lisa: McClatchy Newspapers

Zajac, Andrew: Chicago Tribune

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zapor, Patricia: Catholic News Service

Zeleny, Jeff: New York Times

Zeller, Shawn: Congressional Quarterly

Zhang, Jane: Wall Street Journal

Zhang, Zhongxia: Xinhua News Agency

Zibel, Alan: Associated Press

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, Aaron: Los Angeles Times

Zlodorev, Dmitri: Itar-Tass News Agency

Zongker, Brett: Associated Press

Zoroya, Gregg: USA Today

Zuckerbrod, Nancy: Associated Press

Zuckman, Jill: Chicago Tribune

Zwelling, Michael: Restructuring Today

[[Page 967]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

                                     

       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

ABIM NEWS AGENCY--(703) 243-2104; 1344 Merrie Ridge Road, McLean, VA 22101: 
Mario Navarro DaCosta.

AFTENPOSTEN--(202) 812-1443; 2000 M Street, NW., Suite 890, Washington, DC 
20036: John Hultgren.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0640; 1500 K Street, Suite 600, Washington, 
DC 20005: Jerome Bernard, Joanna Biddle, Mary Ann Campagna, Fanny Carrier, 
Justin Cole, Stephen Collinson, Daniel DeLuce, Kenneth Dermota, David 
Dieudonne, Jean-Louis Doublet, Francisco Ferrari, Claire Gallen, Stephanie 
Griffith, Carlos Hamann, Paul Handley, Alain Jean-Robert, Jitendra Joshi, 
Veronique Kiss, Maxim Kniazkov, Olivier Knox, Michael Langan, Sylvie 
Lanteaume, Chris Lefkow, Robert Lever, Roland Lloyd-Parry, Laurent Lozano, 
Peter Mackler, James Mannion, David Millikin, Virginie Montet, Parameswaran 
Ponnudurai, Charlotte Raab, Mauricio Rabuffetti, Philippe Rater, Antonio 
Rodriguez, Jean-Louis Santini, Marie Sanz, Celine Serrat, Kerry Colleen 
Sheridan, Magan Sherzai, James Slater, Veronica Smith, Nadia Teskrat, 
Laurent Thomet, Chantal Valery, Christophe Vogt, Peter Wuetherich, Jocelyne 
Zablit.

AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Yumi Kamazuka, Shinji Yamasaki.

AL-HAYAT--(202) 783-5544; 1185 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Joyce Karam.

ALLAFRICA.COM--(202) 546-0777; 920 M Street, SE., Washington, DC 20003: 
Tamela Hultman, Reed Kramer.

ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(202) 824-8216; 1025 F Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20004: Josh Drobnyk.

AMERICAN BANKER--(202) 434-0310; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 
20005: Joseph Adler, Cheyenne Hopkins, Stacy Lynn Kaper, Steven Sloan.

ANSA ITALIAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Marco Bardazzi, Luciano Clerico, Cristiano Del 
Riccio, Marcelo Raimon.

ARGUS MEDIA--(202) 349-2878; 1012 14th Street, Suite 1500, Washington, DC 
20005: Ross Allen, Michael Ball, Abby Caplan, Euan Craik, Edward Feege, 
Peter Gardett, Caroline Gentry, Conway Irwin, Kim Krieger, Brian Megali, 
Christopher Newman, Anne O'Neil, Claire Pickard-Cambridge, Amery Pore, 
Elizabeth Rosenberg, Funda Saygin, Carrie Sisto, Jamie Webster.

ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAzeTTE--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Alex Daniels.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Lindsay Ballard, Eric Hamrin, Yoichi Kato, Joshua Kirkman, Yoshiyuki 
Komurata, Kaoru Nishizaki, Joshua Rogin, Toshihide Ueda, Satoshi Ukai, 
Toshiya Umehara, Elizabeth West.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9480; 2021 K Street, NW., 6th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20006: James Abrams, Matt Apuzzo, John Jay Arnold, Jeannine 
Aversa, Charles Babington, Lolita Baldor, Matthew Barakat, Devlin Barrett, 
Frank Bass, Rita Beamish, Donna Borak, Seth Borenstein, Andrew Bridges, Ted 
Bridis, Robert Burns, Desmond Butler, Connie Cass, Donna Cassata, Shawn 
Chen, Dennis Conrad, Martin Crutsinger, Matthew Daly, Douglass Daniel, 
Elizabeth Davidz, Julie Davis, Jim Drinkard, John Dunbar, Harry Dunphy, 
Ronald Edmonds, Jr., David Espo, Jerry Estill, Ben Evans, Donald Evans, 
Carole Feldman, Ben Feller, Howard Fendrich, Anne Flaherty, Matt Ford, Brad 
Foss, Ron Fournier, Alan Fram, Kevin Freking, Frederic Frommer, Robert 
Furlow, Joseph Galianese, Suzanne Gamboa, Anne Gearan, George Gedda, Robert 
Glass, Shawn Gomez, Marcy Gordon, Ken Guggenheim, Sam Hananel, Merrill 
Hartson, H. Josef Hebert, Kimberly Hefling, John Heilprin, Gregory 
Henderson, John Henry, Earl Hinton, Jesse Holland, Derrill Holly, Kasie 
Hunt, Terence Hunt, Nestor Ikeda, Lara Jakes Jordan, Mary Clare Jalonick, 
Pauline Jelinek, Kory Jessen, Sandy Johnson, Dennis Junius, Sarah Karush, 
Laurie Kellman Blazar, Jennifer Kerr, Lou Kesten, Foster Klug, Jim 
Kuhnhenn, Matthew Lee, William Lester, James Lipari, Jennifer Loven, Joan 
Lowy, Beverley Lumpkin, William Mann, Stephen Manning, Lawrence Margasak, 
Natasha Metzler, Andrew Miga, Leslie Miller, Damiko Morris, Laura Myers, 
Lauran Neergaard, Martin Niland, Stephen Ohlemacher, Mark Olchowy, Megan 
Owens, David Pace, Nedra Pickler, Marc Price, Melinda Purce, Eileen Putman, 
Libby Quaid, Thomas Raum, Keith Rickett, Deb Riechmann-Kepler, Sonya Ross, 
Chris Rugaber, Ann Sanner, Randolph Schmid, Barry Schweid, Mark Sherman, 
Katie Shrader, Elizabeth Sidoti, Todd Sigurdson, Carolyn Skorneck, Michael 
Sniffen, Stephenie Stoughton, Thomas Strong, Darlene Superville, Lubna 
Takruri, Jennifer Talhelm, Andrew Taylor, Sharon Theimer, Troy Thibodeaux, 
Ken Thomas, Trevor Tompson, William Vander Haar, Kevin Vineys, Erica 
Werner, Brian Westley, Brian Westley, Joseph White, Jr., David

[[Page 968]]

Wilkison, Nancy Benac Witkowski, Matthew Yancey, Hope Yen, Pete Yost, Alan 
Zibel, Brett Zongker, Nancy Zuckerbrod.

ATLANTA JOURNAL CONSTITUTION--(202) 887-8320; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20001: Bob Kemper.

AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN--(202) 887-8329; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20001: Tara Copp.

AUSTRALIAN--(202) 862-9272; 446 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Geoff Elliott.

BALTIMORE SUN--(410) 332-6771; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700 Washington, DC 
20006: Jeffrey Barker, Matthew Brown, Siobhan Gorman, Karen Hosler, Rona 
Marech, David Nitkin, Jonathan Rockoff, Paul West, David Wood.

BASLER ZEITUNG--(202) 986-7542; 1526 Corcoran Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20009: Lucian Caspar.

BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE--(202) 554-0458; 12626 Eastbourne Drive, Silver 
Spring, MD 20905: Gerard Shields.

BERGEN COUNTY RECORD--(202) 249-2160; 4401-A Connecticut Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20008: Herbert Jackson.

BERLINER ZEITUNG--(202) 388-3450; 1318 Emerald Street, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Olivia Schoeller.

BIOWORLD TODAY--(202) 739-9556; 1725 K Street, Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20006: Aaron Lorenzo.

BIRMINGHAM NEWS--(202) 383-7837; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300 
Washington, DC 20036: Mary Orndorff.

BLOOMBERG NEWS--(202) 654-1227; 1399 New York Avenue, 11th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Lee Aitken, Chris Anstey, Laurence Arnold, William 
Arthur, Laurie Asseo, Charles Babcock, Terrence Barrett, Theresa Barry, 
Paul Basken, Matthew Benjamin, Max Berley, John Berry, Otis Bilodeau, Alan 
Bjerga, Jeffrey Bliss, Justin Blum, Romaine Bostick, Emily Brown, Andy 
Burt, Anthony Capaccio, Kevin Carmichael, Shobhana Chandra, Cassie Chen, 
Edwin Chen, Kimberly Chipman, Sonya Cooper, Susan Decker, Vincent Del 
Giudice, Edward DeMarco, Catherine Dodge, Ryan Donmoyer, Mark Drajem, Bob 
Drummond, James Efstathiou, Cutis Eichelberger, Nadine Elsibai, Daniel 
Enoch, Brian Faler, Ken Fireman, Michael Forsythe, Viola Gienger, Julianna 
Goldman, Avram Goldstein, Daniel Goldstein, Vince Golle, Brigitte 
Greenberg, Robert Greene, Angela Greiling Keane, Dan Hart, John Hughes, Ann 
Hughey, Albert Hunt, Kristin Jensen, Nicholas Johnston, Nancy Kercheval, 
Alison Kodjak-Fitzgerald, Scott Lanman, Catherine Larkin, Laura Litvan, 
Aliza Marcus, Judith Mathewson, Demian McLean, Mark McQuillan, William 
McQuillen, Robin Meszoly, Kevin Miller, Richard Miller, Daniel Moss, 
Gregory Mott, Brendan Murray, Jay Newton Small, C. JoAnne Norton, Joseph 
O'Reilly II, Mario Parker, Molly Peterson, Shannon Pettypiece, Jeff 
Plungis, Joi Preciphs, Gopal Ratnam, Joseph Richter, William Roberts III, 
Mark Rohner, Neil Roland, Holly Rosenkrantz, James Rowley, James Rubin, 
Roger Runningen, Jonathan Salant, Kristy Scheuble, Courtney Schlisserman, 
William Schmick, Robert Schmidt, Tina Seeley, Robert Simison, Elliot Blair 
Smith, Joseph Sobczyk, Jeffrey St. Onge, Jon Steinman, Christopher Stern, 
Greg Stohr, Christopher Swann, Alex Tanzi, Carlos Torres, Craig Torres, 
James Tyson, Alison Vekshin, Leon Walczak, Chris Wellisz, Jesse Westbrook, 
Robert Willis, Joe Winski, Janine Zacharia.

BOND BUYER--(202) 434-0302; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 20005: 
Andrew Ackerman, Lynn Hume, Alison McConnell, Humberto Sanchez, Peter 
Schroeder.

BOSTON GLOBE--(202) 857-5050; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 
Washington, DC 20036: Kevin Baron, Bryan Bender, Peter Canellos, Diedtra 
Henderson, Richard Klein, Michael Kranish, Susan Milligan, Charles Savage, 
Farah Stockman, Cynthia Taylor, Cynthia Taylor, Joseph Williams, Jr.

CANADIAN PRESS--(202) 638-3367; 1128 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Elizabeth Gorham.

CANWEST NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7576; 1206 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sheldon Alberts.

CAPITAL CONNECTIONS--(202) 337-2044; 1698 32nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Karen Feld.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3255; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., Washington, 
DC 20017: Julie Asher, Barbara Fraze, Nancy Hartnagel, Regina Linskey, 
Nancy O'Brien, Mark Pattison, Tony Spence, Patricia Zapor, Carol Zimmerman.

CHATTANOOGA TIMES FREE PRESS--(202) 662-6751; 1190 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Edward Lee Pitts, Herman Wang.

CHICAGO DAILY LAW BULLETIN--(240) 305-1330; 10 James Spring Court, 
Rockville, MD 20850: Steve Lash.

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(202) 393-4340; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, #1203, 
Washington, DC 20006: Robert Novak, Lynn Sweet.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8226; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20004: Naftali Bendavid, John Crewdson, Mike Dorning, Tai Ming Bay Fang, 
Stephen Hedges, Frank James, Aamer Madhani, William Neikirk, Clarence Page, 
Christi Parsons, Mark Silva, Rhonda Stewart, R. Michael Tackett, James 
Tankersley, Vickie Walton-James, Dina White, Andrew Zajac, Jill Zuckman.

CHINA ECONOMIC DAILY--(703) 698-8579; 3305 Crest Haven Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22042: Zhengxin Li.

[[Page 969]]

CHINA LEGAL DAILY--(703) 413-9251; 2111 Jefferson Davis Highway, Apt. 1109, 
Washington, DC 22202: Shaojie Feng.

CHINA NEWS SERVICE--(703) 527-5887; 1020 North Stafford Street, Apt. 100, 
Arlington, VA 22201: Jiangbo Qiu.

CHINA PEOPLE'S DAILY--(202) 244-0410; 3707 Massachusetts Avenue, 
Washington, DC 20016: Yong Tang, Li Xuejiang.

CHINA PRESS--(703) 289-6651; 3207 Allen Street, #301, Falls Church, VA 
22042: Du Xiao-Jing, Donghui Yu, Wu Yue.

CHINA TIMES--(202) 347-5670; 952 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Norman Fu, Ping Liu.

CHINA YOUTH DAILY--(703) 534-3378; 251 Gundry Drive, Falls Church, VA 
22046: Xiang Weng.

CHOSUN ILBO--(202) 737-4205; 1291 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: June-Oh Bang, Kenneth Choi, Yongbom Heo.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(202) 481-6642; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20006: Gail Chaddock, David Cook, John Dillin, Jr., Linda 
Feldmann, Peter Grier, Francine Kiefer, Howard La Franchi, Gordon Lubold, 
Warren Richey.

CLARIN--(202) 737-4850; 1271 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Ana Baron Supervielle.

CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Elizabeth Auster, Sabrina Eaton, Stephen Koff, Nedra 
Shelly.

CNET NEWS.COM--(202) 829-5077; 1615 Swann Street, NW., #31, Washington, DC 
20009: Anne Broache.

COLUMBUS DISPATCH--(202) 824-6766; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 850, 
Washington, DC 20001: Jonathan Riskind, Jack Torry.

COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Howard Buskirk, Heather Forsgren Weaver, Edith Herman, Dinesh Kumar, 
Jonathan Make, Ian Martinez, Dawson Nail, Greg Piper, Anne Veigle, Josh 
Wein.

COMPLINET--(301) 320-0309; 7514 Radnor Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: Ira Apfel.

CONGRESSDAILY--(202) 299-4108; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., Washington, 
DC 20037: Anna Bailey, Peter Bell, Christian Bourge, Jessica Brady, Peter 
Cohn, Jack Deutsch, Jason Dick, Kathy Gambrell, Darren Goode, Juliana 
Gruenwald, David Hess, Fawn Johnson, Charles Jordan, Terence Kivlan, Keith 
Koffler, Otto Kreisher, Mike Magner, Jason Mann, Irvin Molotsky, David 
Morris, Louis Peck, Art Pine, Michael Posner, Elaine Povich, Spencer Rich, 
Benjamin Schneider, Kate Schuler, Megan Scully, Richard Sia, Chris Strohm, 
Bill Swindell, Basil Talbott, Martin Vaughan, Mark Wegner, Keith White, 
George Wilson.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 419-8654; 1255 22nd Street, Washington, DC 
20037: Rebecca Adams, Alan Ahlrich, Syed Ali, Amanda Allen, Jonathan Allen, 
Joanna Anderson, Martha Angle, Andrew Armstrong, James Barker, Alexandra 
Bartolf, Robert Benenson, Susan Benkelman, Matthew Berger, Adriel 
Bettelheim, Arwen Adams Bicknell, John Bicknell, Adam Bloedorn, Rachel 
Bloom, Miranda Blue, Joel Bowen, Jonathan Broder, Ronald Brodmann, Joe 
Burey, Philip Burrowes, Mary Agnes Carey, James Carroll, Linda Cartwright, 
Mike Christensen, David Clarke, John Cochran, George Codrea, Charles 
Conlon, Maureen Conners, Neal Conway, Jessica Benton Cooney, John Cranford, 
Craig Crawford, Michael Crittenden, Chris Dally, Coral Davenport, David 
Davis, Steven Dennis, John Dineen, John Donnelly, Loren Duggan, Toby 
Eckert, Susan Ferrechio, Dyane Fils, Jeffrey Friedman, Jamey Fry, Lydia 
Gensheimer, Elizabeth George, Gregory Giroux, Shweta Govindarajan, Carlo 
Daniel Guerra, Kimberly Hallock, Ben Halpern-Meekin, Thomas Hannett, Amanda 
Harris, David Hawkings, Robert Healy, Caitlin Hendel, Paul Hendrie, Liriel 
Higa, David Higgins, Marie Horrigan, Charles Hoskinson, Anne Hoy, Kathleen 
Hunter, Colby Itkowitz, Marian Jarlenski, Matthew Johnson, Toni Johnson, 
Kerry Jones, Patricia Joy, Martin Kady II, Rachel Kapochunas, Ryan Kelly, 
Noella Kertes, Angela Kim, Rebecca Kimitch, Peter King, Jaculine Koszczuk, 
Adrianne Kroepsch, Chris Lehmann, Nathan Levinson, Jonathan Lewallen, 
Robert James Margetta, Greg McDonald, Victoria McGrane, Robert Merry, 
Elaine Monaghan, Kathleen Murphy, David Nather, E. Roy Nkansah, Brian 
Nutting, Joseph Nyitray, Frank Oliveri, Alan Ota, Daniel Parks, Keith 
Perine, Lauren Phillips, Manu Raju, Eric Ray, Marc Rehmann, John Reichard, 
Michael Remez, Daphne Retter, Betty Richardson, Catharine Richert, Michael 
Riley, Neil Ripley, Katherine Rizzo, Joshua Rogin, Richard Rubin, Michael 
Sandler, Jodi Schneider, Susan Shipp, Kathleen Silvassy, Matthew Spieler, 
Eleanor Stables, Joshua Stager, Jesse Stanchak, Tim Starks, Jana Steiger, 
Jeff Stein, Seth Stern, Eileen Sullivan Michael Teitelbaum, Joelle Tessler, 
Jeff Tollefson, Robert Tomkin, Larry Tunks, Gregory Vadala, Paul Volpe, 
Brendan Walsh, Joseph Warminsky, Alexander Wayne, Caitlin Webber, Guy 
Whitmire, Daniel Winicour, Ariana Wolf, Kathryn Wolfe, Yee Ling Woo, 
Randall Wynn, Patrick Yoest, Shawn Zeller.

CONNECTICUT POST--(202) 662-8927; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Peter Urban.

COPLEY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 737-6960; 1100 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: George Condon, Jr., Jerry Kammer, Paul Krawzak, 
Finlay Lewis, Rosemary Petersen, Marcus Stern, Dana Wilkie.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 887-8334; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: Andrew Alexander, Susan Burns, Rebecca Carr, Arthur 
Dalglish, Robert Dart, Robert Deans, Jr., Marilyn

[[Page 970]]

Geewax, Rafi Guroian, Ken Herman, Charles Holmes, Elliot Jaspin, Laurence 
Lipman, Julia Malone, Eunice Moscoso, Jeff Nesmith, Carl Rauscher, Jr., 
Scott Shepard, Anne Usher.

DAGENS NYHETER--(202) 429-0134; 1726 M Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20036: Erik Ohlsson.

DAILY DEAL--(202) 429-2993; 1775 K Street, Suite 590, Washington, DC 20006: 
Donna Block, Cecile Lindell, William McConnell, Shanon Murray, Ron Orol.

DAILY VARIETY--(202) 659-3805; 1701 K Street, NW., Suite 510, Washington, 
DC 20006: William Triplett.

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(202) 661-8413; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, Washington, 
DC 20005: Alfredo Corchado, Todd Gillman, James Landers, Carl Leubsdorf, 
Sudeep Reddy, Richard Whittle.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS--(202) 887-8328; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20001: Jessica Wehrman.

DEFENSE DAILY--(202) 662-9729; 1011 Arlington Blvd., Suite 131, Arlington, 
VA 22209: David Ahearn, Jen DiMascio, Geoff Fein, John Robinson, Ann 
Roosevelt, Michael Sirak.

DENVER POST--(202) 662-8990; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Christa Marshall, Anne Mulkern, Michael Soraghan.

DES MOINES REGISTER--(202) 906-8138; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Philip Brasher, Jane Norman.

DESERET MORNING NEWS--(202) 737-5311; 960A National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Suzanne Struglinski.

DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 906-8204; 1100 New York Avenue, Suite 200E, 
Washington, DC 20005: Justin Hyde, Todd Spangler.

DETROIT NEWS--(202) 906-8205; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Deborah Price, David Shepardson, Gordon Trowbridge.

DIE PRESSE--(703) 931-9558; 3308 Peace Valley Lane, Falls Church, VA 22044: 
Norbert Rief.

DOW JONES NEWSWIRES--(202) 862-9230; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 1100, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mark Anderson, Jeffrey Bater, Brian Blackstone, 
Antonie Boessenkool, Gregory Boles, Nicolas Brulliard, Judith Burns, 
Rebecca Christie, Anthony Cooke, Jennifer Corbett Dooren, John Godfrey, 
Siobhan Hughes, Benton Ives-Halperin, Maya Jackson-Randall, Bhattiprolu 
Murti, Damian Paletta, Elizabeth Price, Henry Pulizzi, Ian Talley, Edmund 
Walsh, Robert Wells, Edward Welsch, Edward Welsch.

EFE NEWS SERVICES--(202) 745-7692; 1252 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Maria Azpiazu, Jorge Banales, Teresa Bouza, Maribel 
El Hamti, Orlando Lizama, Rosendo Majano, Cesar Munoz, Cristina Ozaeta-
Heusel, Maria Pena, Macarena Vidal Liy.

EL DIARIO DE HOY--(571) 278-1321; 603 South Adams Street, Arlington, VA 
22204: Tomas Guevara.

EL NUEVO DIA--(202) 662-7360; 1053 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Delgado.

EL PAIS--(202) 638-1533; 1134 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Antonio Cano, Yolanda Monge.

EL TIEMPO--(202) 607-5929; 1102 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Sergio Gomez.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 662-7190; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Carreno.

ELEFTHEROS TYPOS--(202) 675-0697; 1125 6th Street, NE., Washington, DC 
20008: Lambros Papantoniou.

ENERGY DAILY--(703) 358-9201; 1011 Arlington Boulvard, Suite 131, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Jeff Beattie, Jason Fordney, Christopher Holly, 
Llewellyn King, George Lobsenz.

EUROPOLITICS--(202) 492-2498; 1200 5th Street, #203, Washington, DC 20001: 
Brian Beary.

FAIRBANKS DAILY NEWS MINER--(202) 662-8721; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sam Bishop.

FAIRCHILD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 496-4975; 1050 17th Street, NW, Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20036: Evan Clark, Kristi Ellis, Susan Watters.

FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 253-3278; 1023 15th Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20005: Eoin Callan, Philipp Dermann, Guy Dinmore, Jeremy 
Grant, Krishna Guha, Stephanie Kirchgaessner, Edward Luce, Demetri 
Sevastopulo, Patti Waldmeir, Andrew Ward.

FORT WAYNE JOURNAL GAZETTE--(202) 879-6710; 551 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sylvia Smith.

FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM--(202) 383-6016; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Montgomery, Maria Recio.

FRANKFURTER RUNDSCHAU--(301) 762-9661; 1717 Sunrise Drive, Rockville, MD 
20854: Dietmar Ostermann.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 906-8124; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Douglas Abrahms, Robert Benincasa, Deborah Berry, Larry Bivins, 
Faith Bremner, Pamela Brogan, Dennis Camire, Sammie Chan, Raju Chebium, 
Linda Dono, Val Ellicott, Anthony Faust, Ellyn Ferguson, Leonard Fischer, 
Maria Fowler, Javier Gandarillas, Nicole Gaudiano Albright, Maureen Groppe, 
Karl Hardy, Erin Kelly, Eun Kim, Ledyard King, Theresa Klisz, Mike Madden, 
Marie Marino, Diana Marrero, Derek Osenenko, Charles Raasch, Ana Radelat, 
Laura Rehrmann, Malia Rulon, Craig Schwed,

[[Page 971]]

Katherine Scott, William Theobald, Brian Tumulty, Billie Jean Wells, 
Lawrence Wheeler, Beverly Winston, John Yaukey.

GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 662-1242; 969 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Frank Brandmaier, Christopher Cermak, Gabriele 
Chwallek, Anthony Czuczka, Hans Dahne, Frank Fuhrig, Mike McCarthy, Paticia 
Reber, Laszlo Trankovits, Anne Walters.

GLOBAL D--(301) 680-0592; 12506 Davan Drive, Silver Spring, MD 20904: 
Kenneth Dalecki.

GLOBAL HORIZONS SYNDICATE--(202) 659-1921; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20036: Edward Flattau.

GUANGMING DAILY--(202) 363-0628; 4816 Butterworth Place, NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Qisheng Xu.

HARRISBURG PATRIOT-NEWS--(202) 383-7833; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20036: Brett Lieberman.

HARTFORD COURANT--(202) 824-8452; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: David Lightman.

HEARST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 263-6400; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000 
Washington, DC 20006: Jennifer Dlouhy, Dan Freedman, Judy Holland, Charles 
Lewis, Marianne Means, Carol Nippert, Stewart Powell, Eric Rosenberg, Helen 
Thomas.

HELSINGIN SANOMAT--(202) 955-7956; 1726 M Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20036: Pekka Mykkanen.

HOKKAIDO SHIMBUN--(202) 628-5374; 1012 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Takuya Nishimura.

HOLLYWOOD REPORTER--(202) 833-8845; 910 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Brooks Boliek.

HOSPODARSKE NOVING DAILY--(202) 344-7748; 5933 Crescent Street, Bethesda, 
MD 20816: Daniel Anyz.

HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6500; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Michael Hedges, Cragg Hines, David Ivanovich, Julie 
Mason, Michelle Mittelstadt, Patty Reinert-Mason, Bennett Roth.

HURRIYET--(301) 564-6691; 16 Grove Ridge Court, Rockville, MD 20852: Mehmet 
Cindemir.

ICIS NEWS--(202) 776-1352; 1150 18th Street, Suite 600, Washington, DC 
20036: Joseph Kamalick.

IL CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(202) 879-6733; 841 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ennio Caretto.

IL GIORNALE--(202) 237-1019; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20016: 
Mariuccia Chiantaretto.

INDO-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE--(301) 412-9234; 4801 Kenmore Avenue, Apt. 910, 
Alexandria, VA 22304: Arun Kumar.

INSIDE HIGHER ED--(202) 659-9208; 2121 K Street, NW., Suite 630, 
Washington, DC 20037: Andrew Guess, Scott Jaschik, Douglas Lederman, Elia 
Powers, Elizabeth Redden.

INTER PRESS SERVICE--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: James Lobe, Emad Mekay.

INTERNETNEWS.COM--(202) 249-8174; 1464 Rhode Island Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20005: Roy Mark.

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(202) 728-2155; 1001 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
415, Washington, DC 20036: Jed Graham, Sean Higgins.

ISTANBUL STAR--(703) 359-0641; 10400 Fairfax Village Drive, Apt. 1323, 
Fairfax, VA: Nuh Yilmaz.

ITAR-TASS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dmitry Kirsanov, Alexander Pakhomov, Andrei Sitov, 
Andrey Surzhanskiy, Dmitri Zlodorev.

JERUSALEM POST--(202) 355-5145; 1706 Q Street, NW., #3, Washington, DC 
20009: Hilary Leila Krieger.

JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(202) 737-0935; 1025 Vermont Avenue, NW., #504, 
Washington, DC 20005: Ron Kampeas.

JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Takuya Higuchi, Kensuke Karube, Shuko Kuno, Yoshiaki Okuma, Nobuyuki 
Sato, Sereana Seim, Hiroyuki Takahashi, Itsuro Umemoto.

JYLLANDS-POSTEN--(301) 320-9079; 6405 Little Leigh Court, Cabin John, MD 
20818: Klaus Justsen.

KANSAS CITY STAR--(202) 383-6105; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Goldstein, Matthew Stearns.

KIPLING NEWS SERVICE--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906: Bogdan Kipling.

KOMMERSANT--(202) 248-8191; 3700 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 317, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Dmitry Sidorov.

KOREA DAILY--(703) 281-9660; 512 Maple Avenue, W. Vienna, VA 22180: Jin-
Keol Park.

KOREA TIMES--(703) 941-8002; 7601 Little River Turnpike, Annandale, VA 
22003: Sung Joong Ahn, Christina Young Chong, Byonghan Lee, Chang-Yul Lee, 
Jong Kook Lee, Ki Chan Park, Kwang Duk Park.

[[Page 972]]

KUWAIT NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ronald Baygents, Joe Macaron, Saad Mohammad, Ahmed 
Radwan, Heather Yamour.

KYODO NEWS--(202) 347-5767; 400 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tsukasa Arita, Paul Behringer, Tomohiro Deguchi, Mieko Endo, Thomas 
Gross, Takehito Kajita, Toshimitsu Sawai, Tomoko Spencer, Tomoko Spencer, 
Hiroki Sugita, Fumitaka Susami, Masaya Takahashi, Tomoji Tatsumi, Hajime 
Tobe, Tatsuro Yasunaga.

KYUNGHYANG SHINMUN--(703) 272-3884; 2964 Borge Steet, Oakton, VA 22124: Jin 
Ho Kim.

LA JORNADA--(202) 547-5852; 132 North Carolina Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 
20003: David Brooks.

LA NACION--(202) 744-7737; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hugo Alconada.

LA OPINION--(202) 662-1240; 962 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Maribel Hastings.

LA RAZON--(703) 379-0095; 4922 S. Chesterfield Road, Arlington, VA 22206: 
Armando Morales.

LA VANGUARDIA--(301) 229-1695; 6812 Algonquin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Eusebio Val Mitjavila.

LAHORE DAILY TIMES--(703) 280-5832; 9019 Bowler Drive, Fairfax, MD 22031: 
Khalid Hasan.

LAS VEGAS SUN--(202) 662-7436; 1290 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Lisa Mascaro.

LE FIGARO--(202) 342-3199; 1228 30th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20007: 
Philippe Gelie.

LE MAURICIEN--(301) 424-3884; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

LE MONDE--(202) 248-9075; 1134 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Corine Lesnes.

LEE NEWSPAPERS--(202) 298-6880; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 1102, 
Washington, DC 20036: Noelle Straub.

LEXINGTON HERALD-LEADER--(202) 383-6036; 700 12th Street, Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: John Cheves, Janet Patton.

LIBERATION--(202) 244-1314; 4330 46th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20016: 
Philippe Grangereau.

LIBERTY TIMES--(202) 879-6765; 1294 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Nadia Y.F. Tsao.

LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5195; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20005: Toby Harnden, Vanessa Robertson, Tim Shipman, 
Alexander Spillius.

LONDON GUARDIAN--(202) 223-2486; 1730 Rhode Island Avene, #502, Washington, 
DC 20036: Richard Adams, Suzanne Goldenberg, Ewen Macaskill, Michael 
Tomasky.

LONDON INDEPENDENT--(202) 467-4460; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20008: Andrew Buncombe, Rupert Cornwell.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 484-8255; 733 15th Street, NW., Suite 917, 
Washington, DC 20005: Lawrence Hurley, Brent Kendall.

LOS ANGELES DAILY NEWS--(202) 662-8731; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC20543: Lisa Friedman.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(202) 824-8300; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20004: Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Julian Barnes, Stephen 
Braun, Ronald Brownstein, Richard Cooper, Robert Drogin, Sonni Efron, Robin 
Fields, Faye Fiore, Don Frederick, K. Nicole Gaouette, James Gerstenzang, 
Peter Gosselin, Thomas Hamburger, Joel Havemann, Marian Hennessy-Fiske, 
John Hoeffel, Leslie Hoffecker, Janet Hook, Frankie Jackson, Noam Levey, 
Doyle McManus, Joshua Meyer, Alan Miller, Greg Miller, Chuck Neubauer, 
Johanna Neuman, Robert Ourlian, Judy Pasternak, Jonathan Peterson, James 
Puzzanghera, Maura Reynolds, Paul Richter, James Robinson, Walter Roche, 
Jr., Phillip Ruiz, David Savage, Richard Schmitt, Richard Serrano, Richard 
Simon, Peter Spiegel, Peter Wallsten, David Willman, Aaron Zitner.

LOWELL SUN--(202) 662-8926; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Evan Lehmann.

LRP PUBLIC--(703) 516-7002; 1901 North Moore Street, Suite 1106 Arlington, 
VA 22209: Stephen Berlin, Deborah Bolling, Christine Cave, Julie Davidson, 
Kris Kitto, Patricia Mohr, Pamela Moore, Stephen Sawchuk, Sarah Sparks, 
Jeanne Sweeney, Melissa Turley, Andrew Viccora.

L'UNITA--(202) 237-1050; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20016: Bruno 
Marolo.

MAEIL BUSINESS NEWSPAPER--(202) 637-0567; 909 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kyongho Yoon.

MAGHREB ARAB PRESS--(703) 273-7780; 9196 Topaz Street, Fairfax, VA 22031: 
Sabah Lebbar, Hamzaoui Soufiya.

MAGYAR SZO--(202) 904-4433; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 207, 
Washington, DC 20036: Tibor Purger.

MAINICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Toshihiko Kasahara, Jun Kimura, Amy McKeever, Tomoko Ohji, 
Patricia Shea, Hiroaki Wada, Hiroyuki Yoshida.

MALAYA--(703) 685-2665; 841 South Glebe Road, Arlington, VA 22204: Josefina 
Ilustre.

MARKET NEWS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Steven Beckner, Margaret Chadbourn, Denny Gulino, 
Mark Hemingway, Claudia Hirsch, Kevin Kastner, Chris Middleton, Yali 
N'Diaye, Joseph Plocek, Heather Scott, John Shaw, Theresa Sheehan.

MARKETWATCH--(202) 824-0548; 1240 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jeffry Bartash, Ruth Mantell, Michael Maynard, Margaret McNeil, Rex 
Nutting, Gregory Robb, Robert Schroeder, William Watts.

MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS--(202) 383-6071; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Christopher Adams, Beryl Adcock, James Asher, Barbara 
Barrett, Les Blumenthal, Michael

[[Page 973]]

Bold, Robert Boyd, Andrew Brown, Crystal Davis, Kevin Diaz, William 
Douglas, Michael Doyle, Greg Gordon, Frank Greve, Roy Gutman, Kevin Hall, 
Michele Heller, Ron Hutcheson, Jonathan Landay, Anthony Pugh, Robert 
Rankin, James Rosen, Renee Schoof, Mark Seibel, Warren Strobel, Margaret 
Talev, Marisa Taylor, Steven Thomma, Jim Van Nostrand, John Walcott, 
Letitia Wells, David Westphal, David Whitney, Nancy Youssef, Lisa Zagaroli.

MEDIA GENERAL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7677; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: James Crawley, Gilbert Klein Jr., Richard Lee, Marsha 
Mercer, Sean Mussenden.

MIAMI HERALD--(202) 383-6019; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Pablo Bachelet, Lesley Clark.

MILITARY UPDATE--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Thomas Philpott.

MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Craig Gilbert, Audrey Hoffer, Katherine Skiba.

MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 383-0009; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Rob Hotakainen.

MOBILE REGISTER--(202) 383-7815; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Sean Reilly.

MUNWHA ILBO--(202) 662-7342; 1149 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hyung Du Choi.

NATIONAL JOURNAL'S TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(202) 261-0353; 600 New Hampshire, 
NW., Washington, DC 20037: Winter Casey, K. Daniel Glover, Heather 
Greenfield, David Hatch, Michael Martinez, Andrew Noyes, Theresa Poulson, 
Aliya Sternstein.

NETHERLANDS PRESS ASSOCIATION--(703) 272-7499; 520 Woodland Court, NW., 
Vienna, VA 22180: Frank Hendrickx.

NEUE ZUERCHER ZEITUNG--(202) 237-5602; 3808 Woodley Road, NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Andreas Ruesch.

NEW ORLEANS TIMES-PICAYUNE--(202) 383-7861; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20036: Bruce Alpert, Bill Walsh.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6770; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, #3100, 
Washington, DC 20007: Kenneth Bazinet, Thomas DeFrank, Michael McAuliff, 
James Meek, Richard Sisk.

NEW YORK POST--(202) 383-1787; 1114 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ian Bishop, Geoff Earle, Charles Hurt.

NEW YORK SUN--(202) 775-1542; 1101 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20036: 
Russell Berman.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0302; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20006: Sarah Abruzzese, Edmund Andrews, Von Aulston, Neela Banerjee, Dean 
Baquet, Felicity Barringer, John Broder, David Brooks, Elisabeth Bumiller, 
LaKiesha Carr, Holli Chmela, Lynette Clemetson, David Cloud, Helene Cooper, 
Rebecca Corbett, John Cushman, Jr., Jason Deparle, Maureen Dowd, Paula 
Dwyer, Adrianne Goodman, Michael Gordon, Linda Greenhouse, Janis Harland, 
Gardiner Harris, Patrick Healy, Raymond Hernandez, Farhana Hossain, Carl 
Hulse, Douglas Jehl, David Johnston, Susan Keller, David Kirkpatrick, 
Stephen Labaton, Warren Leary, Suevon Lee, Mark Leibovich, Neil Lewis, Eric 
Lichtblau, Eric Lipton, Michael Luo, Clifford Meadows, Cheryl Miller, Adam 
Nagourney, Ronnie Nixon, Elizabeth Olson, Sabrina Pacifici, Ashley Parker, 
Robert Pear, Kathleen Phillips, Cory Reiss, Jim Rutenberg, Eric Schmitt, 
Scott Shane, Thomas Shanker, Philip Shenon, Ronald Skarzenski, Richard 
Stevenson, Sheryl Stolberg, David Stout, Rachel Swarns, Philip Taubman, 
Robin Toner, Ian Urbina, Matthew Wald, Judith Warner, Leslie Wayne, Steven 
Weisman, Sarah Wheaton, Jeff Zeleny.

NEW YORK TIMES MAGAZINE--(202) 237-1218; 3742 Appleton Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Matt Bai.

NEWARK STAR-LEDGER--(202) 383-7823; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Robert Cohen, J. Scott Orr.

NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7838; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Richard Beaudette, Sarah Kellogg, Katherine Lewis, 
Chuck McCutcheon, Michele Melendez, Dru Sefton, Jonathan Tilove.

NEWPORT NEWS DAILY PRESS--(202) 824-8224; 1325 G Street, NW., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Lerman.

NEWSDAY--(202) 393-5630; 1730 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., #850, Washington, 
DC 20006: Thomas Brune, Carol Eisenberg, D. Craig Gordon, Timothy Phelps, 
Glenn Thrush.

NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE--(301) 320-5559; 6008 Osceola Road, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Robert Wagman.

NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 815 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 310, Washington, DC 
20006: Tomoko Ashizuka, Christina Bilski, Kazuaki Fujii, Tetsuya Jitsu, 
Hidenaka Kato, Stephen Keefe, Hiroyuki Kotake, Hiroshi Marutani, Rumiko 
Yamamoto.

NOTIMEX MEXICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5227; 975 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ricardo Alday, Ruben Barrera, Jose Lopez Zamorano, 
Santiago Tavara.

OIL DAILY--(202) 662-0728; 1411 K Street, Suite 602, Washington, DC 20005: 
Matthew Carr, Greg Couturier, Robert Dillon, Manimoli Dinesh, Matt 
Piotrowski.

OKLAHOMAN--(202) 662-7543; 914 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Chris Casteel, Mark Green.

[[Page 974]]

OMAHA WORLD-HERALD--(202) 662-7271; 836 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Joseph Morton, Jake Thompson.

ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER--(202) 628-6381; 1295 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dena Bunis.

OREGONIAN--(202) 383-7814; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, Washington, 
DC 20036: Jeffrey Kosseff.

ORLANDO SENTINEL--(202) 824-8255; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20004: Tamara Lytle, Mark Matthews.

PARLAMENTSKAYA GAZETA--(202) 249-2562; 2501 Porter Street, NW., #810, 
Washington, DC 20008: Mikhail Bragin.

PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(202) 408-2758; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: Steven Goldstein.

PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE--(202) 631-3417; 955 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Jerome Sherman.

PLATTS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-2250; 1200 G Street, Suite 1100, Washington, 
DC 20005: Gerald Karey, Catherine Landry.

POLITICAL MONEY LINE--(202) 237-2500; 6004 Nevada Avenue, NW., Washington, 
DC 20015: Kent Cooper, Anthony Raymond.

PORTLAND PRESS HERALD--(202) 488-1119; 1711 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20036: Bart Jansen.

PRESS TRUST OF INDIA--(301) 907-2954; 4701 Willard Avenue, #1524, Chevy 
Chase, MD 20815: Sridhar Krishnaswami.

PROVIDENCE JOURNAL--(202) 681-8423; 1325 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: John Mulligan.

REFORMA NEWSPAPER--(202) 341-3255; 1707 21st Street, NW., Apt. 3, 
Washington, DC 20009: Jose Diaz-Briseno.

RELIGION NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7863; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 350, 
Washington, DC 20036: Adelle Banks, Daniel Burke, Kevin Eckstrom.

RESTRUCTURING TODAY--(202) 298-8201; 4418 MacArthur Boulevard, Washington, 
DC 20007: James Downing, George Spencer, Samuel Spencer, Carolyn Tozier, 
Michael Zwelling.

REUTERS--(202) 898-8319; 1333 H Street, Suite 410, Washington, DC 20005: 
Charles Abbott, Timothy Ahmann, Charles Alexander, JoAnne Allen, Victoria 
Allen, Chris Baltimore, Diane Bartz, Eric Beech, Melissa Bland, Xavier 
Briand, Alister Bull, Deborah Charles, Susan Cornwell, Richard Cowan, John 
Crawley, Sarah Cunningham, Bernd Debusmann, Timothy Dobbyn, Christopher 
Doering, Tom Doggett, Robert Doherty, Kevin Drawbaugh, Will Dunham, Paul 
Eckert, Mark Felsenthal, Thomas Ferraro, Margaret Fox, Jacqueline Frank, 
Adriana Garcia Martinez, Carol Giacomo, Steven Ginsburg, Howard Scot 
Goller, Andrew Gray, Stuart Grudgings, Stuart Grudgings, Susan Heavey, 
Stacey Joyce, Peter Kaplan, Frances Kerry, Lisa Lambert, David Lawder, 
Gilbert LeGras, Maureen Lorenzetti, Sandra Maler, Randall Mikkelsen, Arshad 
Mohammed, David Morgan, Joanne Morrison, Essex Noel, Chizu Nomiyama, John 
O'Callaghan, Doug Palmer, Dean Patterson, Jeremy Pelofsky, Sue Pleming, 
John Poirier, Andrea Ricci, Lisa Richwine, Kristin Roberts, Patrick Rucker, 
Mary Ryan, Timothy Ryan, Lori Santos, Andrea Shalal-Esa, Donna Smith, Glenn 
Somerville, Matthew Spetalnick, Neil Stempleman, David Storey, Andy 
Sullivan, Peter Szekely, William Trott, James Vicini, Julie Vorman, Nancy 
Waitz, Michael Weekes Jr., John Whitesides, David Wiessler, Patricia 
Wilson, Jim Wolf, Lesley Wroughton, Karey Wutkowski, Rachelle Younglai, 
Deborah Zabarenko, Tabassum Zakaria.

RHEINISCHE POST--(202) 966-2393; 5810 Chevy Chase Parkway, NW., Washington, 
DC 20015: Frank Herrmann.

RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH--(202) 662-7669; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Peter Hardin.

RIVERSIDE PRESS-ENTERPRISE--(202) 661-8422; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ben Goad.

ROLL CALL REPORT SYNDICATE--(202) 737-1888; 960A National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Richard Thomas.

SALT LAKE TRIBUNE--(202) 662-8732; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Thomas Burr, Robert Gehrke.

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS--(202) 263-6451; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Gary Martin.

SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6577; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Zachary Coile, Edward Epstein, Carolyn Lochhead, Marc 
Sandalow.

SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS--(202) 662-8921; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Frank Davies.

SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2842; 330 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Takashi Arimoto, Yoshihisa Komori, Bruce Scott Stewart, Hiroo 
Watanabe, Hideya Yamamoto.

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 944-3890; 6012 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa Bashir, Dean Dessouky, Liam 
Hurley, Sara Ayesha Hussein, Azeddine Labriny, Nezar Sheikh.

[[Page 975]]

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 408-1484; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20045: David Johnson, Pamela Reeves, Curtis Lee 
Bowman, James Brosnan, Patricia Choate, Michael Collins, Peter Copeland, 
Robert Friedman, Laurel Hackett, Thomas Hargrove, Lisa Hoffman, Robert 
Jones, Dale McFeatters, Wanita Niehaus, David Nielsen, Amie Parnes, Richard 
Powelson, Martin Schram, Michael Sprengelmeyer, Bartholomew Sullivan, Dan 
Thomasson, Karen Timmons, Walter Veazey.

SEATLLE POST-INTELLIGENCER--(202) 422-2313; 1850 K Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20006: Andrew Schneider, Charles Pope.

SEATTLE TIMES--(202) 662-7457; 920 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Alicia Mundy.

SEGYE TIMES--(202) 637-0587; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Yong Kirl Han, Kiyon Kuk.

SEKAI NIPPO--(202) 898-8292; 1510 H Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Toshiyuki Hayakawa, Yoshio Mitoma.

SHANGHAI WENHUI DAILY--(703) 920-1060; 1600 S. Eads Street, Apt. 814-S, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Yun He, Zhen Niu.

SHEARER AND GLEN NEWS--(202) 462-6070; 2708 Cathedral Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20008: Cody Shearer.

SING TAO DAILY--(202) 250-6130; 2201 L Street, NW., Apt. #307, Washington, 
DC 20037: Zhigang Chen.

SMARTMONEY.COM--(202) 828-3390; 1025 Conneticut Avenue, NW., Suite 1100, 
Washington, DC 20036: Michael DeSenne.

SNG NEWSPAPERS--(202) 662-7240; 1183 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Edward Felker.

SOUTH FLORIDA SUN-SENTINEL--(202) 824-8256; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: William Gibson.

SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN--(202) 383-7859; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jo Ann Moriarty.

ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH--(202) 298-6880; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
1102, Washington, DC 20036: Philip Dine, Aloysia Hamalainen, Ronald Harris, 
William Lambrecht, Deirdre Shesgreen.

ST. PETERSBURG TIMES--(202) 463-0575; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, #1300, 
Washington, DC 20036: William Adair, Wes Allison, Anita Kumar.

STEPHENS MEDIA GROUP--(202) 738-1760; 666 11th Street, Suite 535, 
Washington, DC 20001: Tony Batt, Aaron Sadler, Stephan Tetreault.

STUTTGARTER ZEITUNG--(301) 983-0735; 11204 Powder Horn Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Juergen Koar.

SUEDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(202) 965-5245; 4715 Butterworth Place, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Reymer Kluever.

SUEDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(202) 338-1320; 1539 44th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Christian Wernicke.

SVENSKA DAGBLADET--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 
Washington, DC 20008: Karin Henriksson.

SYDNEY MORNING HERALD--(202) 737-6360; 1310 G Street, #750, Washington, DC 
20005: Anne Davies.

SYRACUSE POST-STANDARD--(202) 383-7818; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mark Weiner.

TAGES ANZEIGER--(202) 332-8575; 2026 16th Street, NW., #5, Washington, DC 
20009: Martin Kilian.

TAIPEI TIMES--(301) 942-2442; P.O. Box 571, Garrett Park, MD 20898: Charles 
Snyder.

TAMPA TRIBUNE--(202) 662-7673; 1214 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Billy House.

TECH LAW JOURNAL--(202) 364-8882; 3034 Newark Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20008: David Carney.

TF NEWS--(202) 414-0710; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20005: 
Corbett Daly.

THE PIONEER-INDIA--(703) 876-6149; 2731 Pleasantdale Road, #203, Vienna, VA 
22180: Sethuraman Rajagopalan.

TOKYO CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 789-9479; 1012 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Yasuyuki Oguri, Ryoji Tachio, Conrad Chaffee, 
Jennifer Gerdts, Shinichi Hisadome, Aki Naganuma.

TORONTO GLOBE AND MAIL--(202) 662-7165; 2000 M Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Alan Freeman, Barrie McKenna.

TORONTO STAR--(202) 662-7390; 982 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tim Harper.

TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES--(202) 298-8359; 3042 Q Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Jules Witcover.

TULSA WORLD--(202) 484-1424; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 737-6426; 835 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Tsung-Chih Chang.

UNITED MEDIA--(301) 494-0430; 3330 Blue Heron Drive North, Chesapeake 
Beach, MD 20732: Lew Sichelman.

[[Page 976]]

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8238; 1510 H Street, Washington, DC 
20005: Krishnadev Calamur, Arnaud de Borchgrave, Christine Dell'Amore, 
Kristyn Ecochard, Laura Gilcrest, Shihoko Goto, Laura Heaton, John Hendel, 
Pamela Hess, Michael Kirkland, Ben Lando, Michael Marshall, Andrea 
Mihailescu, Steve Mitchell, Lawrence Moffitt, Daniel Olmsted, Olga Pierce, 
Claude Salhani, Martin Sieff, Richard Tomkins, Martin Walker, Shaun 
Waterman.

UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE--(202) 243-5301; 2555 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: James Kilpatrick.

USA TODAY--(703) 854-5579; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 20005: Fred 
Anklam, Jr., Julie Appleby, Emily Bazar, Joan Biskupic, Erik Brady, Louise 
Branson, Catalina Camia, Dan Carney, Michael Carney, James Cox, Mark Crane 
Paul Davidson, Barbara Delollis, William Dermody, Ken Dilanian, Oren 
Dorell, Peter Eisler, Haya El Nasser, Melanie Eversley, Mindy Fetterman, 
Gwen Flanders, Ed Foster-Simeon, Thomas Frank, Brian Gallagher, Andrew 
Gardiner, Raymond Goldbacher, Alan Gomez, Barbara Hagenbaugh, George Hager, 
Mimi Hall, James Healey, Linda Holzer, Monica Hortobagyi, Lee Horwich, 
Rosalind Jackler, David Jackson, Michael James, Kevin Johnson, Matthew 
Kelley, Dennis Kelly, Eugene Kiely, Kathy Kiely, Suzanne Kirchhoff, Noelle 
Knox, Wendy Koch, Jill Lawrence, Paul Leavitt, Donna Leinwand, Alan Levin, 
Thomas Lilleston, Ray Locker, David Lynch, Mary Beth Marklein, Stephen 
Marshall, Mark Memmott, Jim Michaels, Patty Michalski, Jayne O'Donnell, 
Paul Overberg, Susan Page, Laura Parker, Maria Puente, John Riley, William 
Risser, Bruce Rosenstein, Fredreka Schouten, John Siniff, Barbara Slavin, 
Michael Snider, Steve Sternberg, William Sternberg, Andrea Stone, Gregory 
Toppo, Saundra Torry, Owen Ullmann, Tom Vanden Brook, Dan Vergano, Traci 
Watson, James Welch, Richard Willing, Richard Wolf, Gregg Zoroya.

US-REPORT (Germany)--(301) 299-5777; 1020 Windsor View Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Thomas Spang.

VIRGINIAN-PILOT--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

VOTES IN CONGRESS NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE--(202) 737-1888; 960A National Press 
Building, Washington, DC 20045: Michael Lesparre.

WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Robert Block, Jess Bravin, Jackie Calmes, MaryLu 
Carnevale, Ann Marie Chaker, Kathy Chen, Christopher Conkey, Christopher 
Cooper, Robert Davis, Nikhil Deogun, David Allen Dolinger, Yochi Dreazen, 
John Fialka, Gary Fields, John Harwood, Greg Hitt, William Hoover, Gregory 
Ip, Greg Jaffe, Neil King, Jr., June Kronholz, Sarah Lueck, Anna Mathews, 
Robert Guy Matthews, Laurie McGinley, John McKinnon, Laura Meckler, Brody 
Mullins, Evan Perez, Michael Phillips, David Rogers, Kara Scannell, Amy 
Schatz, Jacob Schlesinger, Sharon Schmid, Gerald Seib, Deborah Solomon, 
Jonathan Solomon, David Wessel, John Wilke, Winston Wood, Bernard Wysocki, 
Jr., Jane Zhang.

WASHINGTON EXAMINER--(202) 459-4946; 1050 15th Street, Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Jeff Dufour, Maria Hegstad, Charles Hurt, Rowan 
Scarborough.

WASHINGTON INTERNET DAILY--(202) 872-9202; 2115 Ward Court Washington, DC 
20037: Alexis Fabbri.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-6050; 1150 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20071: Michael Abromowitz, Joel Achenbach, Keith Alexander, Amy 
Argetsinger, Perry Bacon, Jr., Peter Baker, Daniel Balz, Gary Barr, Jill 
Bartscht, Jeffrey Birnbaum, Michelle Boorstein, David Broder, David Brown, 
DeNeen Brown, Vincent Bzdek, Peter Carlson, Ruben Casteneda, Henri Cauvin, 
Rajiv Chandrasekaran, David Cho, Chris Cillizza, Sarah Cohen, Alan 
Cooperman, Libby Copeland, Tim Craig, Alice Crites, Timothy Curran, 
Kathleen Day, Kirstin Downey, Paul Duggan, Lynne Duke, Petula Dvorak, 
Timothy Dwyer, Daniel Eggen, Juliet Eilperin, Dina Elboghdady, Paul Farhi, 
Darryl Fears, Steven Fehr, David Finkel, Mary Pat Flaherty, Michael 
Fletcher, Sholnn Freeman, Amy Gardner, Gilbert Gaul, Ann Gerhart, Steven 
Ginsberg, Maria Glod, Zachary Goldfarb, Amy Goldstein, Sara Goo, Annie 
Gowen, Bradley Graham, Marcia Slacum Greene, James Grimaldi, Maryann 
Haggerty, Hamil Harris, Veryl Dion Haynes, Dana Hedgpeth, Rosalind 
Helderman, Celia Nell Henderson, Scott Higham, Sari Horwitz, Spencer Hsu, 
Anne Hull, Anita Husun, Carrie Johnson, Darragh Johnson, Darragh Johnson, 
Amy Joyce, Al Kamen, Dan Keating, Glenn Kessler, Alec Klein, Allison Klein, 
Anne Kornblut, Fredrick Kunkle, Theola Labbe, Lyndsey Layton, Michael 
Leahy, Madonna Lebling, Daniel LeDuc, Christopher Lee, Richard Leiby, Allan 
Lengel, Susan Levine, Ruth Marcus, Anne Marimow, Raymond McCaffrey, Renae 
Merle, Dana Milbank, William Miller, Nick Miroff, David Montgomery, Lori 
Montgomery, Dan Morgan, Dan Morse, Matthew Mosk, Steven Mufson, Shailagh 
Murray, David Nakamura, Ellen Nakashima, Amit Paley, Sridhar Pappu, Walter 
Pincus, Sue Ann Pressley, Dana Priest, Lisa Rein, Eric Rich, Tom Ricks, 
Roxanne Roberts, Eugene Robinson, Lois Romano, Michael Ruane, Susan 
Schmidt, Michael Semel, Lucy Shackelford, Ian Shapira, Michael Shear, Mary 
Beth Sheridan, Elissa Silverman, Alan Sipress, Jeffrey Smith, John Solomon, 
Miranda Spivack, Robert Stein, Joe Stephens, Nikita Stewart, Hank Stuever, 
Hank Stuever, Lena Sun, Cheryl Thompson, Tom Toles, Nancy Trejos, 
Jacqueline Trescott, Boyd Neely Tucker, Bill Turque, Ann Scott Tyson, Jose 
Antonio Vargas, Shankar Vedantam, Stephen Vogel, John Wagner, Joby Warrick, 
Martin Weil, Jonathan Weisman, Eric Weiss, Rick Weiss, Josh White, Del 
Wilber, Elizabeth Williamson, April Witt, Yolanda Woodlee, Bob Woodward, 
Eric Yoder.

[[Page 977]]

WASHINGTON POST WRITER'S GROUP--(703) 916-8315; 3539 Sleepy Hollow Road, 
Falls Church, VA 22041: Marie Cocco.

WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES--(804) 776-7947; 1006 Harrison 
Circle, Alexandria, VA 22304: Gordon White.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3203; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Theodore Agres, Natasha Altamirano, Bryce Baschuk, Sharon Behn, 
Christina Bellantoni, Thomas Carter, Kristen Chick, Joseph Curl, Brian 
DeBose, Stephen Dinan, Christopher Dolan, Julia Duin, Gary Emerling, Amy 
Fagan, Ann Geracimos, William Gertz, Jennifer Haberkorn, Ralph Hallow, 
Jennifer Harper, Patricia Hill, Steve Hirsch, Audrey Hudson, Nicholas 
Kralev, Donald Lambro, Sean Lengell, David Lipscomb, John McCaslin, Seth 
McLaughlin, Steven Miller, James Morrison, Frank Murray, Eric Pfeiffer, 
Thomas Ramstack, Kara Rowland, David Sands, Jerry Seper, Dan Taylor, Jon 
Ward, Cheryl Wetzstein, Willis Witter.

WASHINGTONPOST.COM--(202) 412-3568; 1515 N. Courthouse Road, Arlington, VA 
22201: Mary Ann Akers, Tanya Ballard, Kyle Balluck, Laura Marie Cochran, 
Benedict De la Cruz, Karl Eisenhower, Chris Hopkins, Paul Kane, Brian 
Krebs, Sarah Lovenheim, Jason Manning, Sharon McLoone, Jefferson Morley, 
Edward O'Keefe, Emil Steiner, Caitlin Ellen Thompson, Francine Uenuma, 
Derek Willis.

WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES--(202) 662-7085; 1001 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Marc Heller.

WESTDEUTSCHE ALLGEMEINE--(202) 363-7791; 4611 47th Street, Washington, DC 
20016: Markus Guenther.

WESTERN COMMUNICATIONS--(202) 662-7456; 920 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Keith Chu.

WILLIAM SCALLY REPORTS--(202) 362-2382; 2918 Legation Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20015: William Scally.

WINSTON-SALEM JOURNAL--(202) 662-7672; 1214 National Press Club, 
Washington, DC 20045: Mary Shaffrey.

WORLD BUSINESS PRESS--(646) 784-9776; 4706 Commons Drive, A-303, Annandale, 
VA 22003: Dagmar Benesova, Zoltan Mikes.

WORLD JOURNAL--(202) 215-1710; 835 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Betty Lin.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(202) 661-8181; 1201 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Yang Qing Chuan, Liu Hong, Fang Hu, Yunzhao Pan, Yu 
Qianliang, Ge Xiangwen, Feng Yan, Zhongxia Zhang.

YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-0363; 802 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Thomas Hambrick-Stowe, Charles Harris, Aya Igarashi, Hiroshi 
Masumitsu, Ryuichi Otsuka, Mary Perkins, Takashi Sadahiro, Takashi 
Sakamoto, Andrew Siddons, Mineko Tokito, Toshihiko Yada.

YONHAP NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7425; 1299 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Bock Rae Cho, Kim Jae Hong, Byungsu Kim, Jae Hong 
Kim, Dong Min Lee, Ki Chang Lee, Hannah Won Park.


