

Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2007. - 


Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2007.
[Pages 979-986]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

                     www.senate.gov/galleries/photo

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Scott Applewhite, Associated 
                                                Press, Chair
                                            Dennis Brack, Black Star, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Jim Bourg, Reuters
                                            Khue Bui, Newsweek
                                            Stephen Crowley, New York 
                                                Times
                                            Chuck Kennedy, McClatchy--
                                                Tribune
                                 ________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (c) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads of Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.

[[Page 980]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                           Dianne Feinstein,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 981]]



                                     

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Ake, David: Associated Press Photos

Alvarez, Miguel: La Prensa Grafica of El Salvador

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arrossi, Eddie: Freelance

Ashe, James: Freelance

Ashley, Douglas: Suburban Communications Corp.

Atherton, Jim: Freelance

Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

Barouh, Stan: Freelance

Barrett, Steve E.: Freelance

Barrick, Matthew: Freelance

Baughman, Ross J.: Washington Times

Beale, John: Pittsburgh Post Gazette

Beiser, Darr H.: USA/Today

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Biddle, Susan: Washington Post

Bingham, Mary (Molly): Freelance

Binks, Porter L.: Sports Illustrated

Bivera, Johnny: Freelance

Blass, Eileen M.: USA/Today

Bloom, Richard: National Journal

Bochatey, Terry F.: Reuters News Pictures

Boitano, Stephen J.: Freelance

Boston, Bernard N.: Bryce Mountain Courier

Bourg, Jim: Reuters News Pictures

Bowe, Christy: Image Catcher News

Brack, William D.: Black Star

Brantley, James: Washington Times

Bridges, George S.: McClatchy Tribune

Brier, Joe: Freelance

Brown, Robert A.: Richmond Times Dispatch

Bruce, Andrea: Washington Post

Bui, Khue: Newsweek

Burke, Lauren V.: Freelance

Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

Burns, David S.: Photo Trends, Inc.

Cabe, Brig: The Washington Examiner

Calvert, Mary F.: Washington Times

Cameron, Gary A.: Reuters News Pictures

Carioti, Richard A.: Washington Post

Cavanaugh, Matthew T.: European Pressphoto Agency

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Ceneta, Manuel B.: Associated Press Photos

Chikwendu, Jahi: Washington Post

Chung, Andre: The Baltimore Sun

Clark, Bill: Roll Call

Clark, Kevin: Washington Post

Clendenin, Jay: Freelance

Cohen, Marshall H.: Bigmarsh News Photos

Colburn, James E.: Freelance

Connor, Michael: Washington Times

Cook, Dennis: Associated Press Photos

Coppage, Gary R.: Photo Press International

Corcoran, Thomas Michael: Freelance

Council, Andrew: Freelance

Crandall, Bill: Freelance

Crowley, Steve: New York Times

Curtis, Rob: Army Times Publishing

Cutraro, Andrew: Freelance

Davidson, Linda: Washington Post

DeArmas, Adrienne: Freelance

Devorah, Carrie: Freelance

Dharapak, Charles: Associated Press Photos

Dietsch, Kevin: United Press International

Dillon, Timothy P.: USA/Today

DiPasquale, Jill: Fairfax County Times

Donaldson, Kristin: Washington Times

Douliery, Olivier: Abaca USA

Downing, Lawrence: Reuters News Pictures

Drenner, Dennis: Freelance

Du Cille, Michael: Washington Post

Eddins, Jr., Joseph M.: Washington Times

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Eile, Evan: USA/Today

Ellsworth, Katie: Newsweek

Emanuel, Hector: Freelance

Ernst, Jonathan: Freelance

Etheridge, Susan P.: New York Times

Evans, Sarah: Education Week

Fabiano, Gary: Sipa Press

Falkenberg, Katie: The Washington Times

Ferraro, Beth: Newsweek

Ferrell, Scott: CQ Weekly

Fitz-Patrick, Bill: Freelance

Foster, William H.: Freelance

Foy, Mary Lou: Washington Post

Franko, Jeff: Gannett News Service

Frazza, Luke: Agence France-Presse

Freilich, Jon: Freelance

Frey, Katherine: Washington Post

Fuchs, Christian: Washington Times

Gail, Carl: Washington Post

Gainer, Denny: USA/Today.com

Gamarra, Ruben F.: Notimex

Gandhi, Pareshkumar: Rediff.com/India Abroad Publications

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

Gatty, Mary Ann: Periodical News Service

Gatty, Michael: Periodical News Service

Geissinger, Michael A.: Freelance

[[Page 982]]

Ghanbari, Haraz: Associated Press Photos

Gilbert, Patrice J.: Freelance

Glenn, Alexis: United Press International

Glenn, Larry S.: Freelance

Goulait, Bert V.: Washington Times

Graham, Douglas: Roll Call

Gripas, Yuri: Freelance

Hambach, Eva: Agence France Presse

Haring, Paul: Catholic News Service

Harnik, Andrew: The Washington Examiner

Harrington, John H.: Black Star

Heasley, Shaun: Freelance

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Herbert, Gerald: Associated Press Photos

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Hillian, Vanessa: Washington Post

Hittle, David E.: Freelance

Holt, Victor: Washington Informer

Hutchens, Jeff: Freelance

Jackson, Lawrence: Associated Press Photos

Jenkins, Keith: Washington Post

Jones, Peter: Reuters News Pictures

Jones, Caleb: Freelance

Joseph, Marvin: Washington Post

Juarez, Miguel: Reformer

Kahn, Nikki: Freelance

Kang, Hyungwon: Reuters News Pictures

Kato, Satomi: Kyodo News

Katz, Martin I.: Chesapeake News Service

Kennedy, Chuck: McClatchy Tribune

Kennerly, David H.: Newsweek

Keres, Preston: Washington Post

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleponis, Chris: Freelance

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Kraft, Brooks: Time Magazine

Kuykendal, Stephanie: Freelance

Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters News Pictures

Lamkey, Rod A.: Washington Times

LaVor, Martin L.: Freelance

Lawidjaja, Rudy: Freelance

Lee, James J.: Army Times Publishing

Lee, David Y.: Freelance

Lessig, Alan: Army Times

Lipski, Richard A.: Washington Post

Loeb, Saul: Freelance

LoScalzo, Jim: U.S. News & World Report

Lustig, Raymond J.: Freelance

Lynch, Liz: National Journal

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey G.: U.S. News & World Report

Madrid, Michael: USA/Today

Mahaskey, Michael Scott: Army Times Publishing

Mallin, Jay: Freelance

Maltby, Melissa: Washington Post

Mara, Melina: The Washington Post

Marquette, Joseph C.: Freelance

Martin, Jacquelyn: Associated Press Photos

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Monsivais, Pablo Martinez: Associated Press Photos

Mathieson, Greg E.: MAI Photo Agency

Mattes, Sherilyn: Elsevier

McConigal, Chris: Washington Times

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McKay, Richard D.: Cox Newspapers

McKee, Staci: Army Times

McNamee, Win: Getty Images

Mellon, Steve: Pittsburg Post-Gazette

Mills, Douglas: New York Times

Morris, Christopher: Time Magazine

Mosley, Leigh H.: The Washington Blade

Murrmann, Mark: Zuma Press

Musi, Vincent J.: Time Magazine

Myers, Benjamin: The Hill

Nelson, Andrew P.: Christian Science Monitor

Newton, Jonathan: Washington Post

Ngan, Mandel: Agence France-Presse

Nipp, Lisa: Freelance

Nisnevitch, Lev: The Weekly Standard

O'Leary, William P: Washington Post

Ommanney, Charles: Newsweek

O'Neill, Anie: Pittsburg Post-Gazette

Otfinowski, Danuta: Freelance

Pajic, Kamenko: Freelance

Palu, Louie: Zuma Press

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

Parcell, James A.: Washington Post

Pastor, Nancy: Washington Times

Patterson, Kathryn B.: USA/Today

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Petros, Bill: Freelance

Poggi, Jennifer: U.S. News and World Report

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Carol T.: Freelance

Powers, Christopher: Education Week

Purcell, Steven: Freelance

Putnam, Bill: Zuma Press

Raab, Susana A.: Freelance

Radzinschi, Diego: Legal Times

Raimondo, Lois: Washington Post

Rasmussen, Randy L.: Oregonian

Reed, Jason: Reuters News Pictures

Reeder, Robert A.: Politico

Reinhard, Rick: Impact Digitals

Ricardel, Vincent J.: Freelance

Richards, Paul J.: Agence France-Presse

Richardson, Joel M.: Washington Post

Riecken, Astrid: Washington Times

Riley, Molly: Reuters News Pictures

Roberts, Joshua: Freelance

Robinson, Scott: Freelance

Ronay, Vivian: Freelance

Rose, Jamie: Freelance

Rosenbaum, Daniel: Washington Times

[[Page 983]]

Ryan, Patrick: The Hill

Salisbury, Barbara L.: Washington Times

Samperton, Kyle: Freelance

Sandys, Toni: Washington Post

Savoia, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Schaeffer, Sandra L.: MAI Photo Agency

Schwartz, Michael: Gannett

Schwartz, David S.: Freelance

Shell, Mary: Time Magazine

Shelley, Allison: Washington Times

Shimzu, Kenji: Yomiuri Shimbun

Shinkle, John: The Politico

Silverman, Joseph A.: Washington Times

Sisley, Evan: Freelance

Sloan, Timothy: Agence France-Presse

Smialowski, Brendan: Freelance

Somodevilla, Kenneth: Getty Images

Souza, Peter J.: Chicago Tribune

Spillers, Linda J.: Freelance

Spoden, Leonard: Freelance

Starnes, Andy: Pittsburg Post-Gazette

Steele, Rick: Post-Newsweek Media

Stephenson, Al: Freelance

Suau, Anthony: Time Magazine

Sudyatmiko, Karina: Suara Pembaruan

Sweets, Fred: St. Louis American

Sykes, Jack W.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Sypher, Mark F.: Fauquier Times-Democrat

Takeda, Yasushi: Shukan Shincho, Shinchosha Co.

Temchine, Michael: Freelance

Theiler, Michael: Freelance

Thew, Shawn: European Press Association

Thomas, Ricardo: The Detroit News

Thomas, Margaret: Washington Post

Thomas, Ronald W.: Freelance

Thresher, James M.: Washington Post

Tines, Charles: The Detroit News

Trippett, Robert: Sipa Press

Turner, Tyrone: Freelance

Usher, Chris: Freelance

Varias, Stelios A.: Reuters News Pictures

Vemmer, Sheila: Army Times

Vosin, Sarah L.: Washington Post

Voss, Stephen: Freelance

Vucci, Evan: European Press Association

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walker, Harry E.: McClatchy Tribune

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

Watkins, Frederick L.: Johnson Publishing Co.

Watson, James H.: Agence France-Presse

Wells, Jonathan: Sipa Press

Westcott, Jay: Elsevier

Whitesell, Gregory: The Washington Examiner

Williams, Tom: Roll Call

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Mark L.: Getty Images

Wines, Heather: Gannett News Service

Wolf, Lloyd: Freelance

Wolf, Kevin: Freelance

Wollenberg, Roger L.: United Press International

Wong, Alex: Getty Images

Woodward, Tracy L.: Washington Post

Yim, Heesoon: HANA

Young, Jim: Reuters

Zaklin, Stefan: Freelance

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

[[Page 984]]

                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

       (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of 
                             representative)

ABACA USA--(212) 224-8460; 28-30 West 36th Street, Suite 1004, New York, NY 
10018: Douliery, Olivier.

AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE--(202) 414-0551; 1015 15th Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Frazza, Luke; Hambach, Eva; Ngan, Mandel; Pearson, 
Robert; Richards, Paul; Sloan, Timothy; Watson, James.

ARMY TIMES PUBLISHING--(703) 750-8170; 6883 Commercial Drive, Springfield, 
VA 22159: Curtis, Rob; Kozak, Richard; Lee, James; Lessig, Alan; Mahaskey, 
Michael; McKee, Staci; Vemmer, Sheila.

ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS--(202) 776-9510; 2021 K Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Ake, David: Associated Press Photos (main contact); Applewhite, 
Scott J.: Ceneta, Manuel B.; Cook, Dennis; Dharapak, Charles; Edmonds, 
Ronald; Ghanbari, Haraz; Helber, Stephen; Herbert, Gerald; Jackson, 
Lawrence; Martin, Jacquelyn; Martinez Monsivais, Pablo; Savoia, Stephen; 
Walsh, Susan.

BIGMARSH NEWS PHOTOS--(202) 364-8332; 5131 52nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Cohen, Marshall.

BLACK STAR--(703) 547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Road, Alexandria, VA 22308: 
Brack, William; Harrington, John.

BRYCE MOUNTAIN COURIER--(540) 856-3255; P.O. Box 247, 68 Polk Street, 
Basye, VA 22810: Boston, Bernard.

CHESAPEAKE NEWS SERVICE--(410) 484-3500; P.O. Box 141, Brooklandville, MD 
21022: Katz, Martin.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8200; 1325 G Street, NW., Suite 200, Washington, 
DC 20005: Souza, Peter.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3250; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., Washington, 
DC 20017. Haring, Paul.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(617) 450-2000; 1 Norway Street, Boston, MA 
02115: Nelson, Andrew.

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--(202) 543-3203; 10305 Leslie Street, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902-4857: Sachs, Arnold; Sachs, Ronald.

CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--(212) 695-7750; 341 West 38th Street, 7th Floor, New 
York, NY 10018: Burnett, David.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 331-0900; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: McKay, Richard.

CQ WEEKLY--(202) 822-1431; 1414 22nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 20037: 
Ferrell, Scott.

EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-3100; 6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100, Bethesda, 
MD 20814: Prichard, James; Shelley, Allison.

EUROPEAN PRESS PHOTO--(202) 347-4694; 1252 National Press Building, 529 
14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20045: Cavanaugh, Matthew T.; Thew, Shawn; 
Vucci, Evan.

ELSEVIER--11830 Westline Industrial Drive, St. Louis, MO 63146: Mattes, 
Sherilyn; Westcott, Jay.

FAIRFAX COUNTY TIMES--1760 Reston Parkway, Suite 411, Reston, VA 20190: 
DiPasquale, Jill.

FAUQUIER TIMES DEMOCRAT--39 Culpeper Street, Warrenton, VA 20186: Sypher, 
Mark.

FRONTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--(301) 229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 20812: 
Lynch, M. Patricia.

GANNETT--(703) 854-5800; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22107: 
Schwartz, Michael; Wines, Heather; Franco, Jeff.

GETTY IMAGES--(646) 613-3703; One Hudson Place, 75 Varick Street, New York, 
NY 10013: Somodevilla, Kenneth; McNamee, Win; Wilson, Mark; Wong, Alex.

GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 332-2727; 107 Frederick Avenue, Babylon, 
NY 11702: Panagos, Dimitrios.

HANA--(202) 262-4541; 11311 Park Drive, Fairfax, VA 22030: Yim, Heesoon.

IMAGECATCHER NEWS--4911 Hampden Lane, Apt. #3, Bethesda, MD 20814: Bowe, 
Christy.

IMPACT DIGITALS--(212) 614 8406; 171 Thompson Street, #9, New York, NY 
10012: Reinhard, Rick.

JOHNSON PUBLISHING CO--(202) 393-5860; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20006: Watkins, Jr., Frederick.

KYODO NEWS--(202) 347-5767; 529 14th Street, NW., #400, National Press 
Building, Washington, DC 20045: Kato, Satomi.

LA PRENSA GRAFICA OF EL SALVADOR--San Salvador, El Salvador: Alvarez, 
Miguel A.

LEGAL TIMES--(202) 457-0686; 1730 M Street, NW., Suite 802, Washington, DC 
20036: Radzinschi, Diego.

[[Page 985]]

MAI PHOTO AGENCY--(703) 968-0030; 6601 Ashmere Lane, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Mathieson, Greg; Schaeffer, Sandra.

McCLATCHY TRIBUNE--(202) 383-6142; 700 12th Street, Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Bridges, George; Kennedy, Chuck; Walker, Harry E.

NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, NW., Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20005: Bloom, Richard; Lynch, Liz.

NEWSWEEK-- (202) 626-2085; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Suite 1220, 
Washington, DC 20006: Bui, Khue; Ellsworth, Katie; Ferraro, Beth; Kennerly, 
David H.; Ommanney, Charles; Steele, Rick.

NOTIMEX--(202) 347-5227; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 975, Washington, DC 
20045: Gamarra, Ruben F.

OREGONIAN--(503) 221-8370; 1320 Southwest Broadway, Portland, OR 97201: 
Rasmussen, Randy L.

PERIODICAL NEWS SERVICE--9206 Vollmerhausen Road, Jessup, MD 20794: Gatty, 
Michael; Gatty, Mary Anne.

PHOTO PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(703) 548-7172: Coppage, Gary.

PHOTO TRENDS, INC.--548 8th Avenue, Suite 401, New York, NY 10018: Burns, 
David.

PITTSBURG POST GAZETTE--34 Boulvard of the Allies, PGH, PA 15222: Beale, 
John.; Mellon, Steve; O'Neill, Annie; Starnes, Andy.

POLARIS IMAGES--259 West 30th Street, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10001:

PROFESSIONAL PILOT MAGAZINE--3014 Colvin Street, Alexandria, VA 22314: 
Sykes, Jack.

REDIFF.COM/INDIA ABROAD PUB.--(646) 432-6054; 43 West 24th Street, 2nd 
Floor, New York, NY 10010: Gandhi, Pareshkumar.

REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1126 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Juarez, Miguel.

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--(202) 898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Bochatey, Terry; Bourg, Jim; Downing, Lawrence; 
Cameron, Gary A.; Hershorn, Gary; Jones, Peter; Kang, Hyungwon; Lamarque, 
Kevin; Reed, Jason; Riley, Molly; Varias, Stelios; Young, Jim.

ROLL CALL--(202) 824-6800; 50 F Street, NW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 
20001: Clark, Bill, Graham, Douglas; McGinnis, Lowell; Williams, Tom.

SHUKAN SHINCHO, SHINCHOSHA CO.--(703) 243-1569; 2001 North Adams Street, 
#715, Arlington, VA 22201: Takeda, Yasushi.

SIPA PRESS--(212) 463-0150; 30 West 21st Street, New York, NY 10010: 
Fabiano, Gary; Trippett, Robert; Wells, Jonathan.

SPORTS ILLUSTRATED--(212) 522-3325; 1271 Avenue of the Americas, Room 1970, 
New York, NY 10020: Binks, Porter.

ST. LOUIS AMERICAN--(314) 533-8000; 4242 Lindell, St. Louis, MO 63108: 
Sweets, Fredric.

SUARA--(703) 534-6014; 1908 Armand Court, Falls Church, VA 22043: 
Sudyatmiko, Karina.

SUBURBAN COMMUNICATIONS CORP--(810) 645-5164; 872 Dursley Road, Bloomfield 
Hills, ME 48304: Ashley, Douglas.

THE BALTIMORE SUN--(410) 332-6941; 501 North Calvert Street, Baltimore, MD 
21278: Chung, Andre.

THE DETROIT NEWS--(312) 222-2030; 615 West Lafayette Avenue, Photo Dept., 
Detroit, MI 48226: Tines, Charles; Thomas, Ricardo;

THE HILL--(202) 628-8525; 733 15th Street, Washington, DC 20005: Bandeira, 
Pedro; Ryan, Patrick.

THE NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 Eye Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Crowley, Stephen; Mills, Douglas.

THE OREGONIAN--(503) 221-8370; 1320 Southwest Broadway, Portland, OR 97201: 
Rasmussen, Randy.

THE POLITICO--(703) 647-7694: 1100 Wilson Boulvard, 6th Floor, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Reeder, Robert A.; Shinkle, John.

THE RICHMOND TIMES DISPATCH--(804) 649-6486; 300 E Franklin Street, 
Richmond, VA 23219: Brown, Robert.

THE WASHINGTON BLADE--1408 U Street, NW., 2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20009: 
Mosley, Leigh.

THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER-- 6408 Edsall Road, Alexandria, VA 22312: Cabe, 
Brig; Harnik, Andrew; Westcott, Jay; Whitsell, Gregory.

THE WASHINGTON INFORMER--(202) 561-4100; 3117 Martin L. King Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20032: Holt, Victor.

THE WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7380; 1150 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20071: Biddle, Susan; Bruce, Andrea; Carioti, Richard; Chikwendiu, Jahi; 
Clark, Kevin; Davidson, Linda; Du Cille, Michel; Foy, Mary Lou; Frey, 
Katherine; Gail, Carl; Hillian, Vanessa; Jenkins, Keith; Joseph, Marvin; 
Kahn, Nikki; Keres, Preston; Lipski, Richard; Lustig, Raymond; Maltby, 
Melissa; Mara, Melina; Martineau, Gerald; McDonnell, John; Morris, Larry; 
Newton, Jonathan; O'Leary, William; Parcell, James; Perkins, Lucien; 
Raimondo, Lois; Reeder, Robert; Richardson, Joel; Sandys, Toni; Santoro, 
Giuliana; Saunders, Ray; Thomas, Margaret; Thresher, James; Voisin, Sarah; 
Werbeck, Nicole; Williamson, Michael; Woodward, Tracy.

THE WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., 
Washington, DC 20002: Baughman, J. Ross; Brantley, James; Calvert, Mary; 
Connor, Michael; Donaldson, Kristin; Eddins, Jr., Falkenberg, Katie; Fuchs, 
Christian; Goulait, Bert; Lamkey, Jr., Rod; Pastor, Nancy; Riecken, Astrid; 
Rosenbaum, Daniel; Salisbury, Barbra; Silverman, Joseph; McGonigal, Chris.

[[Page 986]]

THE WEEKLY STANDARD--1150 17th Street, NW., Suite 505, Washington, DC 
20036: Nisnevitch, Lev.

THE YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(212) 582-5827; 50 Rockefeller Plaza, #903, New York, 
NY 10020: Kon, Toshiyuki.

TIME MAGAZINE--(202) 861-4062; 555 12th Street, NW., Suite 600, Washington, 
DC 20004: Ellsworth, Katie; Kraft, Brooks; Liss, Steve; Morris, 
Christopher; Musi, Vincent; Shell, Mary; Walker, Diana.

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2210; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, 
NW., Washington, DC 20007: Archambault, Charles; LoScalzo, Jim; MacMillan, 
Jeffrey; Poggi, Jennifer.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 387-7965; 1510 H Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20005: Benic, Patrick; Wollenberg, Roger.

USA/TODAY--(703) 854-5216; 7950 Jones Branch Road, McLean, VA 22107: 
Beiser, H. Darr; Blass, Eileen; Dillon, Timothy; Eile, Evan; Madrid, 
Michael; Patterson, Kathryn.

USATODAY.COM--(703) 854-7651; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22108: 
Dukehart, Coburn; Gainer, Denny.

ZUMA PRESS--34189 Pacific Coast Highway, Dana Point, CA 92629: Murrmann, 
Mark; Palu, Louie; Putnam, Bill.

                                FREELANCE

Freelancers: Arrossi, Eddie; Ashe, James F.; Atherton, Jim; Augustino, 
Jocelyn; Barouh, Stan; Barrett, Steve E.; Barrick, Matthew; Berg, Lisa; 
Bingham, Mary (Molly); Bivera, Johnny; Boitano, Stephen J.; Brier, Joe; 
Burke, Lauren V.; Cedeno, Ken; Corcoran, Thomas Michael; Colburn, James E.; 
Clendenin, Jay; Council, Andrew; Crandall, Bill; Cutraro, Andrew; DeArmas, 
Adrienne; Devorah, Carrie; Drenner, Dennis; Emanuel, Hector; Ernst, 
Jonathan; Fitz-Patrick, Bill; Foster, William H.; Freilich, Jon; Garcia, 
Mannie; Geissinger, Michael A.; Gilbert, Patrice J.; Glenn, Larry S.; 
Gripas, Yuri; Heasley, Shaun; Hittle, David E.; Hutchens, Jeff; Jones, 
Caleb; Kahn, Nikki; Kittner, Sam; Kleponis, Chris; Kossoff, Leslie; 
Kuykendal, Stephanie; LaVor, Martin L.; Lawidjaja, Rudy; Lee, David Y.; 
Loeb, Saul; Lustig, Raymond J.; Mallin, Jay; Marquette, Joseph C.; Nipp, 
Lisa; Otfinowski, Danuta; Pajic, Kamenko; Petros, Bill; Poleski, David; 
Powers, Carol T.; Purcell, Steven; Raab, Susana A.; Ricardel, Vincent J.; 
Roberts, Joshua; Robinson, Scott; Ronay, Vivian; Rose, Jamie; Samperton, 
Kyle; Schwartz, David S.; Sisley, Evan; Smialowski, Brendan; Spillers, 
Linda J.; Spoden, Leonard; Stephenson, Al; Temchine, Michael; Theiler, 
Michael; Thomas, Ronald W.; Turner, Tyrone; Usher, Chris; Voss, Stephen; 
Wolf, Lloyd; Wolf, Kevin; Zaklin, Stefan; Ziffer, Steve.


