

Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2008. - 


Congressional Directory for the 110th Congress (2007-2008), August 2008.
[Pages 993-1025]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director.--Michael Mastrian
                                            Deputy Director.--Jane Ruyle
                                            Senior Media Relations 
                                                Coordinator.--Michael 
                                                Lawrence
                                            Media Relations 
                                                Coordinators: Chris 
                                                Bois, Erin Yeatman
                                            Assistant Media Relations 
                                                Coordinator.--Arlen 
                                                Salazar

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

                                            Director.--Olga Ramirez 
                                                Kornacki
                                            Deputy Director.--Andy Elias
                                            Administrative Operations 
                                                Manager.--Gail Davis
                                            Assistant for Technical 
                                                Operations / Systems 
                                                Manager.--Gerald Rupert
                                            Assistant Directors: Helen 
                                                DeBarge, Kimberly Oates

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Steve Chaggaris, CBS News, 
                                                Chair
                                            Heather Dahl, Fox News
                                            Jamie Dupree, Cox Radio
                                            Linda Kenyon, SRN News
                                            Brian Naylor, NPR News
                                            Chad Pergram, Fox News
                                            Deirdre Walsh, CNN News
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of Senate wing of the Capitol. Applicants 
shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, television 
stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which they are 
employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, if any. 
Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in the 
prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or

[[Page 994]]

executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information to any organization, individual, 
or group of individuals for the influencing of prices on any commodity 
or stock exchange; that they will not do so during the time they retain 
membership in the galleries. Holders of visitors' cards who may be 
allowed temporary admission to the galleries must conform to all the 
restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be a prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the 
Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant 
conforms to the foregoing regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                           Dianne Feinstein,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 995]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abbott, Stacey: National Public Radio

Abdalla, Hebah: Aljazeera International

Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

Abdalwahab, Yamen: Al Arabiya TV

Abdullah-James, Malik Hassan: BET Nightly News

Abe, Takaaki: Nippon TV Network

Abebe, Addisu: Voice of America

Abed, Nader: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Abraha, Zeresnaey: Aljazeera International

Abrams, Mike: Radio One

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Abtar, Rana: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Abuelhawa, Daoud: Al Arabiya TV

Abukasem, Hassan: Radio Free Asia

Abuliak, Larry: Freelance

Aburahma, Eyad: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Acharya, Niharika: Voice of America

Ackland, Matt: Freelance

Adams, Doug: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Adams, Douglas A.: NBC News

Adams, James M.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Adams, Katy: WTTG-Fox Television

Adams, Larry: Native American Television

Adkinson, Jeff: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Adlerblum, Robin: Freelance

Advani, Reena: National Public Radio

Aguayo, Francisco: WZDC-TV

Aguirre, Jose Angel: WMDO-TV Univision

Ahearn, Brian Marshall: East Coast Television

Ahlers, Mike: CNN

Ahmad, Adriana: Voice of America

Ahmed, Lukman: Al Arabiya TV

Ahn, Jaehoon: Radio Free Asia

Aiello, Jr., Augustine ``Bud'': National Public Radio

Aigner-Treworgy, Adam: NBC News

Aischmann, Frank: German Public Radio (ARD)

Aitken, Cynthia: AP-Broadcast

Akassy, Hugues-Denver: Orbite Television Inc.

Alami, Mohammed: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Alberter, William: CNN

Albright-Hanna, Kate: CNN

Alcott, Abigail K.: Fox News

Aleemi, Akmal: Voice of America

Alexander, Amy: National Public Radio

Alexander, Clinton N.: CBS News

Alexander, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Alexander, Robert: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Alfa, Nadine: Freelance

Ali, Muhammad: Voice of America

Ali, Shujaat: NBC News

Aliaga, Julio: WZDC-TV

Ali-Haidari, Mohamed: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Aliyarova Horowitz, Dilshad: Voice of America

Allard, John W.: ABC News

Allard, Marc: BBC

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Darrell: Voice of AmErica

Allen, Keith: Reuters Radio & TV

Allison, Lynn Quarles: WETA

Almaguer, Miguel: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Almanza, Armando: Ventana Productions

Almeleh, John: Pacifica Radio

Al-Moajil, Waleed: AP-Broadcast

Alnwick, Melanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Alrawi, Khaldoun: AP-Broadcast

Alvey, Jay: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Amimi, Ali: BBC

Amirault-Michel, Theresa: C-SPAN

Amkas, Karlina: Voice of America

Ammerman, Stuart: Freelance

Anastasi, Patrick: NBC News

Andersen, Kate: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Anderson, Charles: WETA

Anderson, Scott: ABC News

Anderson, Scott: CNN

Andrews, Wyatt: CBS News

Ang, Sarita: Voice of America

Angelini, Mark: Belo Capital Bureau

Angle, James L.: Fox News

Anglim, John: Freelance

Anna, Ubeda: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Anthony, Karyn: CBS News

Anyse, Alana: Freelance

Aoun, Larissa: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Appelbaum, Lauren: NBC News

Apsell, Natalie: CNN

Apte, Aunshuman: Voice of America

Araia, Asmeret: NBC News

Arbuckle, Andrew: Freelance

Arcega, Milandro: Voice of America

Archer, Nelson: CNN

Archuleta, Eddie: Freelance

Archuleta, John: Freelance

Ardalan, Davar: National Public Radio

Arena, Bruno: Freelance

[[Page 996]]

Arena, Kelli: CNN

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Arent, Lindsey: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Arestad, Anders: C-SPAN

Argentieri, David: National Public Radio

Arioka, Kaori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Arkedis, Robert: The Washington Bureau

Armfield, Robert: Fox News

Armstrong, Patricia M.: Freelance

Armstrong, Phyllis: WUSA-TV

Armstrong, Thomas Ayres: Freelance

Armwood, Adrian: Freelance

Arrasmith, Christine: National Public Radio

Arrington, Percy: Freelance

Artesona, Eva: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

Aryankalavil, Babu: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Asberg, Stefan: Swedish Broadcasting

Asendio, Jim: Wamu

Asher, Julie: Freelance

Assuras, Thalia: CBS News

Atay, Hande: CNN

Attkisson, Sharyl: CBS News

Aubrey, Allison: National Public Radio

Augenstein, Neal: WTOP Radio

Aung, Ko Ko: Radio Free Asia

Aung, May Pyone: Radio Free Asia

Aung, Win: Voice of America

Aung Lwin, Kyaw: Voice of America

Auster, Bruce: National Public Radio

Austin, Kenneth: NBC News

Austin, Traci Mitchell: Hearst-Argyle Television

Avery-Brown, Verna: Pacifica Radio

Axelrod, Jim: CBS News

Ayoubi, Roula: BBC

Azais, Jean Pascal: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Azzam, Heni: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Baber, Christine: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Babington-Heina, Martin: Freelance

Bach, Stephen: CNN

Bacheler, David: CNN

Bachenheimeri, Stephan: Deutsche Welle TV

Baggott, Marcia: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Baghi, Baubak: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Bagnall, Thomas: Voice of America

Bagnato, Barry: CBS News

Baier, Bret: Fox News

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

Bain, Ben: Freelance

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

Baker, Dai: Independent Television News (ITN)

Baker, Kieran: Aljazeera International

Baker, Les: Fox News

Baker, Sarah: ABC News

Baktar, Reza James: CNN

Baldwin, Brooke: Freelance

Baldwin, Lorna: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Ballard, Carl: Channel One News

Ballenger, Rob: National Public Radio

Ballou, Jeff: Aljazeera International

Balsamo, James: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Ban, Hyeonju: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Banaszak, Brendan: National Public Radio

Banegas, Al: Belo Capital Bureau

Banks, Erik: CNN

Banks, James: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Banks, Josh: Fox News

Banks, Mark: ABC News

Banks, Morris: CBS News

Bannigan, Michael A.: CNN

Bansal, Monisha: CNSNEWS.COM

Banville, David: CNN

Banville, Lee: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Barber, William: WETA

Barbour, Lantz: Freelance

Barnard, Bob: WTTG-Fox Television

Barnes, Audrey: WUSA-TV

Barnes, Christopher: Fox News

Barnett, Christopher: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Barnett, James: CNN

Barocas, Emily: National Public Radio

Baroch, Andy: Voice of America

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barreda, Eric: Freelance

Barrett, C. Wesley: Hearst-Argyle Television

Barrett, Gene: ABC News

Barrett, Ted: CNN

Barreyre, Christophe: TF1-French TV

Barry, Caitlin: CNN

Barshak, Valery: Aljazeera International

Bartlett, Scott: Freelance

Bartlett, Stephen: Freelance

Basch, Michelle: Freelance

Bascom, Jon: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Bash, Dana: CNN

Basinger, Stuart: Fox News

Baskerville, Kia: CBS News

Baskin, Roberta: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Bastien, Andrew: Aljazeera International

Bates, Claudia Anke: German TV ZDF

Bates, Glynda: WETA

Bates, Jeff: CNN

Bates, Timothy: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Batten, Rodney: NBC News

Baumann, Robert: Freelance

Baumel, Susan: Voyage Productions

Bautista, Mark: Freelance

Bawa, Malini: Freelance

Baydyuk, Zorislav: Voice of America

Baysden III, Earl T.: Freelance

[[Page 997]]

Beahn, James: WTTG-Fox Television

Beale, Jonathan: BBC

Beall, Gary: NBC News

Bearson, Sonya Crawford: ABC News

Beasley, David: Radio Free Asia

Beck, Katie: BBC

Becker, Bruce: Fox News

Becker, Chris: Fox News

Becker, Farrel: CBS News

Beckman, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Behnam, Babak: Aljazeera International

Bejarano, Mark: National Public Radio

Belanger, Elizabeth: CNN

Belcher, Christopher: Telesur

Belizaire, Jacquelin: Voice of America

Bell, Anne: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Bell, Reginald ``Joey'': NBC News

Bellard, Joseph: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Belmar, Adam: ABC News

Belt, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Bena, John: CNN

Bender, Bob: ABC News

Bender, Gary: WTTG-Fox Television

Bender, Jason: C-SPAN

Benetato, Michael: NBC News

Benitez, Barbara: Aljazeera International

Benjoar, Jacques: NBC News

Bennett, Julia: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Bennett, Mark R.: CBS News

Bensen, Jackie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Benson, Miles: Link TV

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Bentley, David: Freelance

Bentz, Thomas: CNN

Benz, Kathy: CNN

Beraud, Anyck: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Berbner, Thomas: German TV ARD

Berger, Aaron: Feature Story News

Bergmann, Christina: Deutsche Welle TV

Berman, David: CNN

Bernardini, Laura: CNN

Bernier, Marc: Talk Radio News Service

Berry, Michael P.: Freelance

Berti, Barbara: CNN

Besheer, Margaret: Voice of America

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Bevine, Sue: Freelance

Bey, Latasha: National Public Radio

Beyer, Kevin: Freelance

Beyer, William: WTTG-Fox Television

Bhatia, Varuna: Fox News

Bhungyal, Bhungyal: Radio Free Asia

Biddle, Michael: C-SPAN

Biggs, Mark: Aljazeera International

Bintrim, Tim R.: Freelance

Bistis, George: Voice of America

Bjoergaas, Tove: Norwegian Broadcasting

Black, Phillip M.: ABC News

Blackburn, Regina: NBC News

Blackman, Jay: NBC News

Blackman, John: NBC News

Blackwill, Sarah: NBC News

Blair, Adam Tyler: CTV Canadian TV

Blalock, Sherman: Hearst-Argyle Television

Blanchet, Sharon: BBC

Blanco, Hugo: AP-Broadcast

Blandburg, Victor: Freelance

Blankenship, Anthony: Fednet

Blaszyk, Amy N.: National Public Radio

Blitzer, Wolf: CNN

Block, Deborah: Voice of America

Block, Melissa: National Public Radio

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

Blount, Jeffrey: NBC News

Blythe, Andrew: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bodnar, John: CNN

Bohannon, Camille: AP-Broadcast

Bohannon, Joseph: Freelance

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Bohrman, David: CNN

Bonamigo, Bruno: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Bonny, Jinhee: Radio Free Asia

Bookhultz, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Boone, Dannie: C-SPAN

Borash, Jessica: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Borchers, Jens: German Broadcasting Systems-ARD

Borger, Gloria: CBS News

Borniger, Charles: Freelance

Borniger, Herta: German TV ARD

Bosch, Anna: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Bosch van Rosenthal, Eelco: NOS Dutch Public Radio & TV (VRT)

Bost, Mark: WUSA-TV

Bottorf, Harry: WETA

Boughton, Bryan: Fox News

Bouleau, Gilles: TF1-French TV

Bourar, Hicham: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Bovim, Megan: Fox News

Bowden, Tracy: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Bowen, Timothy: WETA

Bowman, Michael: Voice of America

Bowman, Tom: National Public Radio

Boyce, Nell: National Public Radio

Boyd, Wayne F.: Freelance

Boysha, Judy: AP-Broadcast

Brablec, Radek: National Public Radio

Bradley, Carlotta L.: AP-Broadcast

Bradley, Tahman: ABC News

Bradley Hagerty, Barbara: National Public Radio

Bragale, Charles: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Bragg, Jennifer: Aljazeera International

[[Page 998]]

Bramson, Robert E.: ABC News

Brandkamp, Jonathan: Voice of America

Brandt, John: Fox News

Branigan, Patrick: Freelance

Bransford, Fletcher: Fox News

Brasch, Darci: WTOP Radio

Braun, Joshua: CNN

Brawner, Donald: WETA

Brawner, Donte: Freelance

Bream, Shannon D.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Breisler, Jodi: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

Brennan, William: Freelance

Brevner, Michael: CNN

Brewton, Fashela: Freelance

Bridges, Heidi: CNN

Brieger, Annette: Freelance

Brinberg, Claire: CNN

Brinkley, Danielle: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Briski, Natasa: PRO Plus

Britch, Ray: CNN

Brittain, Becky: CNN

Brock, Alan Matthew: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brody, David: CBN News

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Broleman, Mike: Freelance

Bronson, Jeremy: NBC News

Bronstein, Scott: CNN

Brookes, Adam: BBC

Brooks, Codie: Fox News

Brooks, Kurt: WUSA-TV

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Brower, Brooke: NBC News

Brown, Daniel: WTTG-Fox Television

Brown, Daryl: WTTG-Fox Television

Brown, Edgar: Fox News

Brown, Henry M.: ABC News

Brown, Jeffrey: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Jim: American Family Radio News

Brown, Kristi: CBS News

Brown, Kristin: Fox News

Brown, Malcolm: Feature Story News

Brown, Pamela: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Paul: National Public Radio

Brown, Quinn: CNN

Brown, Randall: Freelance

Brown, Tracy Ann: AP-Broadcast

Browne, Kari: BBC

Bruce, Andrea: CBS News

Bruner, Caroline: Fox News

Bruns, Aaron: Fox News

Bruns, David: AP-Broadcast

Bryant, Aubrey: WUSA-TV

Buchanan, Douglas: WUSA-TV

Buck, Melanie: CNN

Buckhorn, Burke: CNN

Buckingham, Joseph: WETA

Buckland, Carol: CNN

Buckley, Julia Redpath: National Public Radio

Buehler, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Buel, Meredith: Voice of America

Bugash, Eric: Freelance

Bull, David John G.: ABC News

Bullard, Larry: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Bullard Harmon, Susan: CBS News

Bullock, Peter: Reuters Radio & TV

Bullock, Tom: National Public Radio

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Burch, Brian: CNN

Burch, Jennifer: CNN

Burchfiel, Nathan: CNSNEWS.COM

Burchman, Abigail: CNN

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burke, James: C-SPAN

Burketh, Ivan: National Public Radio

Burlij, Terence: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Burns, Alison: Cox Broadcasting

Burns, Quiana: ABC News

Burrell, Ashley: NBC News

Burton, Daniel: Potomac Television

Buschschluter, Siegfried: Deutscheland Radio

Busher, Jerry: Freelance

Butcher, Robert E: National Public Radio

Butler, Cheryl: Freelance

Butler, Norman: Belo Capital Bureau

Butler, William: Native American Television

Butterworth, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Byers, Robert Charles: National Public Radio

Byrne, Joseph: Talk Radio News Service

Byrnes, Dennis: National Public Radio

C. W. Hsu, Roger: Voice of America

Cabral, Juan E.: CNN

Cacas, Max: Freelance

Cadoret, Remi: TF1-French TV

Cahill Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Calder, William: CBS News

Caldwell, Leigh: Free Speech Radio News

Caldwell, Traci: Freelance

Calfat, Marcel: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Calo-Christian, Nancy: C-SPAN

Camanducaia, Anna: TV Globo International

Camerini, Michael: Camerini-Robertson, Inc.

Cameron, Carl: Fox News

Camp, Joseph: WETA

Campbell, Christopher: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Campbell, Karen: Freelance

Campbell, Meribe: CNN

Cancelleri, Heidi: East Coast Television

Candia, Kirsten: German TV ZDF

Canizales, Cesar A.: NBC Newschannel

Canty, James: Freelance

Cao, Huidong: Radio Free Asia

[[Page 999]]

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Capuchinho, Marcelo: TV Globo International

Capuchinho, Marcio: TV Globo International

Caravello, David: Freelance

Caraway, Chanel: Freelance

Cardon, John Christophe: WETA

Carey, Julie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Carlson, Brett: Freelance

Carlson, Christopher: ABC News

Carlson, Steve: Fox News

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Broadcasting

Carlsson, Lisa: Swedish Broadcasting

Carner, John: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Carney, Keith: FEDNET

Caronello, Sophie: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Carpel, Michael: Fox News

Carpio, Erick: WZDC-TV

Carr, Martin: WETA

Carrick, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Carrillo, Silvio: CNN

Carroll, Patricia: CNN

Carroll, Sally: Aljazeera International

Carson, Charles: WTTG-Fox Television

Carter, Brianne: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Carter, Christopher: CNN

Carter, Jr., Walter: Fox News

Cartwright, Robert: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Casanas, Juan: Fox News

Casey, Sean: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Cassano, Joseph Angelo: East Coast Television

Cassidy, David: Belo Capital Bureau

Castellaro, Nick: Aljazeera International

Castiel, Carol: Voice of America

Castner, Edward: German TV ARD

Castrilli, Anthony M.: WUSA-TV

Catanza, Damian: CNN

Cater, Franklyn: National Public Radio

Catrett, David Keith: CNN

Causey, Mike: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Cavin, Anthony: CBS News

Cawley, Kevin: Aljazeera International

Cecil, Brenda: Deutsche Welle TV

Centanni, Steve: Fox News

Cetta, Denise: CBS News

Chaboudez, Patrick: Swiss Broadcasting

Chaggaris, Steven: CBS News

Chalian, David: ABC News

Chamberlain, Richard: Tribune Broadcasting

Champ, Henry: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Chan, Enoch: Voice of America

Chang, Darzen: WETA

Chang, Ellen: WTTG-Fox Television

Chang, Min: New Tang Dynasty TV

Chang, Peggy: Voice of America

Chang, Wen-Hsiang: ETTV

Changuris, Zeke: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Channell, Warren: CNN

Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Chapman, Maria: Aljazeera International

Chappell, Jill: CNN

Charbonneau, Melissa A.: CBN News

Charlip, Lou: Viewpoint Communications

Charner, Flora: AP-Broadcast

Charters, Nadia: Al Arabiya TV

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chattman, Tanya: C-SPAN

Chaudhry, Humayun: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Chavez, Roby: WTTG-Fox Television

Chaytor, David: WUSA-TV

Chen, I-Fang: WTOP Radio

Chen, Joie: CBS News

Chen, Sylvia: Radio Free Asia

Chen, Yi Qiu: Phoenix Satellite Television

Chenevey, Steve: WTTG-Fox Television

Cheng, Yuwen: Voice of America

Chernenkoff, Kelly: Fox News

Cherouny, Robert: Freelance

Cherquis, Gustavo: WZDC-TV

Cheval, Stephanie: France 2 Television

Chevez, Carlos M: National Public Radio

Chiang, Ching-Yi: Public Television Service-Taiwan

Chicca, Trish: CNN

Chick, Jane S.: CBS News

Childress, Jennifer: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Childs, Lete: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Chimes, Art: Voice of America

Ching, Nike: Broadcasting Corp. of China

Chophel, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Chow, Lisa: National Public Radio

Chrisinger, Travis Renee: Freelance

Christian, George: CBS News

Chung, E-Ting: CTI-TV (Taiwan)

Chung, Tina: Formosa TV

Church, James: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Cilberti, David: CNN

Cinque, Vicente: TV Globo International

Claar, Matthew: C-SPAN

Clancy, Martin J.: ABC News

Clapman, Leah: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Clark, James: C-SPAN

Clark, Theodore E.: National Public Radio

Clark, Thomas: Freelance

Clark, Tom: CTV Canadian TV

Clarkson, Russ: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Clemann, William: WUSA-TV

Clemons, Bobby: CNN

Clogston, Juanita: Freelance

Cloherty, Jack: NBC News

Clow, Julie: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Clugston, Gregory: SRN News (Salem)

Clune, Sarah: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cobetto, Jaqueline: Fox News

[[Page 1000]]

Cochran, John: ABC News

Cockerham, Richard: Fox News

Cocklin, Anne: Freelance

Cocklin, Stephen: Freelance

Codispoti, Alika: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Coffey-Lambert, Claudia: WTTG-Fox Television

Coffman, Mary: Medill News Service

Cofske, Harvey: Irish Radio & TV (RTE)

Cohan, Stacey Lynn: Freelance

Cohen, Stuart: BBC

Colby, Alfred: CBS News

Cole, Bryan: Fox News

Cole, Tom: National Public Radio

Coleman, Korva: National Public Radio

Coleman, Major: NBC News

Coleman, Steven: AP-Broadcast

Coleman, Thomas: Freelance

Coles, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Colimore, Eric: Fox News

Coll, Dennis: National Public Radio

Collender, Howard: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce D.: C-SPAN

Collins, Maxine: BBC

Collins, Michael: Voice of America

Collins, Nicole: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Collins, Pat: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Colson, Allison: CNN

Colton, Michael: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Compton, Gregory: Hearst-Argyle Television

Compton, Woodrow: CNN

Conan, Neal: National Public Radio

Conatser, Cynthia: NBC Newschannel

Concaugh Jr., Joseph: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Condemaita, Neisa: Azteca America

Coney, Carol: Freelance

Conlin, Sheila: NBC Newschannel

Conner, Cheryl: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Conner, Eric: Fox News

Connolly, Camille: Freelance

Connors, Ben: Aljazeera International

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conrad, Jacob: National Public Radio

Conrad, Monique: Freelance

Contreras, Felix J.: National Public Radio

Contreras, Glenda: Telemundo Network

Contreras, Jorge: Univision

Cook, James L.: C-SPAN

Cook, Peter: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Cook, Stefanie: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Cook, Theresa E.: ABC News

Cooke, David M.: Freelance

Coolidge, Richard L.: ABC News

Coolman, Carla: Voice of America

Coomarasamy, James: BBC

Cooper, Anderson: CNN

Cooper, Caroline: CBS News

Cooper, John: Freelance

Cooper, Rebecca J.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Coorlim, Leif: WTTG-Fox Television

Copeland, Jeremy: Aljazeera International

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Corke, Kevin: NBC News

Corner, Cleve: C-SPAN

Correa, Lina: Caracol Television

Correa, Pedro: Telemundo Network

Correro, Michael: Aljazeera International

Cortez, William: Freelance

Costantini, Bob: Freelance

Costello, Casey: Channel One News

Costello, Thomas: NBC News

Cote, Timothy: Freelance

Cothren, Timothy: Freelance

Cotterman, Christina: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Coudoux, Sylvain: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Coulter, Pam: ABC News

Courbois, Jean Paul: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Courson, Paul: CNN

Cowman, Chris: East Coast Television

Cox, Alexis: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cox, Jerry: Freelance

Coyte, Benjamin: CNN

Craca, Thomas: Freelance

Craig, John: Freelance

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Cravedi, Dennis: C-SPAN

Craven, William C.: National Public Radio

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Crawford Greenburg, Jan: ABC News

Crawley, Plummer: CNBC

Cremen, Carolyn: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Cridland, Jeffrey: WUSA-TV

Crmaric, Zorz: Voice of America

Crosariol, Paul: Potomac Television

Cross, Tiffany: BET Nightly News

Crowley, Candy: CNN

Crowley, Dennis: United News and Information

Crowson, Rachel Roberts: Metro Networks

Croyle, Erin: Aljazeera International

Crum, John: CBS News

Crutchfield, Curtis: Community TV of PG'S

Crystal, Lester: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

Culhane, Max: ABC News

Culhane, Patricia: Freelance

Cullen, Michael: National Public Radio

Cunha, John: CNN

Cuong, Pham Gia: CBS News

Curran, Patrick J.: Freelance

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curry, Thomas: NBC News

[[Page 1001]]

Curtis, Alexander: C-SPAN

Curtis, Jodie: Fox News

Czapliniski, Michael: National Public Radio

Czzowitz, Greg: C-SPAN

Dahl, Heather: Fox News

Dalbah, Mohammad: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Dalmasy, Patricia: Voice of America

Daly, John: CBS News

D'Amico, Danny: AP-Broadcast

D'Angelo, Sara: WTOP Radio

Daniels, Brady: NBC News

Daniels, Pete: C-SPAN

Danilko, Derek: Tribune Broadcasting

Dann, Carrie: NBC News

d'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

Dao, Thao: Radio Free Asia

Dargakis, Minas: Voice of America

Darias, Caesar: Tribune Broadcasting

Daschle, Kelly: AP-Broadcast

Date, Jack: ABC News

Daugherty, Jeffery: Voice of America

Davalos-Macdonald, Anna: AP-Broadcast

Davenport, Anne: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

David, Michael R. M.: CNN

Davie, Bianca: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Davieaud, Helene: TF1-French TV

Davis, Charles: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Davis, Clinton: Freelance

Davis, Edward ``Teddy'': ABC News

Davis, Jennifer: Freelance

Davis, Marcus: CNN

Davis, Mitch: Fox News

Davis, Patrick A.: CNN

Davis, Rebecca: National Public Radio

Davis, Shoshana: Freelance

Davis O'Keefe, Allison: CBS News

Dawson, Charlie: CBS News

De Chalvron, Alain: France 2 Television

de Guise, Louis: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

De Luca, Renee: Channel One News

de Nies, Yunji Elisabeth: ABC News

de Oliveira, Pablo: Hispanic Communications Network

de Schaetzen, Emilie: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

de Vega, Carlos: CNN

Deal, Richard: C-SPAN

Dean, Antoinette: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Debre, Guillaume: TF1-French TV

Decker, Jonathan: US Radio Network

DeFrank, Debra: Fox News

DeGray, Clifford E.: ABC News

Delargy, Christine: NBC News

Deluca, Tim: WUSA-TV

DeMar, Brian: National Public Radio

DeMarco, Lauren: WTTG-Fox Television

Demarest, Sarah: NBC News

Demas, William: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Demchak, Craig: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Denise, Li: CBS News

Denison, Jeremy: CBN News

Dennert, Mary Pat: Fox News

Densmore, Steven: ABC News

Dentzer, Susan: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Deputy, William: National Public Radio

DePuyt, Bruce: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

DeSantis, Dominic: ABC News

DeSimone, Bridget: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Dessert, Tristan: TF1-French TV

Detrow, Jon: AP-Broadcast

Devereaux, Angela: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

DeVito, Andrea: Fox News

Dhindsa, Gurvir: WTTG-Fox Television

Dhue, Stephanie: Nightly Business Report

Dhuy, Hans Peter: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Diakides, Anastasia: CNN

Diamond, Aaron: France 2 Television

Diamond, Rebecca: WUSA-TV

Diarra, Fatou: BBC

DiBella, Rick: CNN

Dickerson, Vilinda: CNN

Dietrich, Geoffrey: CNN

Diggs, Bridget: C-SPAN

Diller, Jeremy: Freelance

Dillon, H. Estel: NBC Newschannel

Dimmler, Erika: CNN

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Dirner, Elizabeth C.: ABC News

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Dittman, John F.: ABC News

Dittmer, Bryan: Freelance

Diviney, Sue: CNN

Dixon Gumm, Penny: Voice of America

Dixson, Charles H.: CBS News

Djordjevic, Bratislav: Voice of America

Djordjevic, Helena: Voice of America

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dobhal, Deepak: Voice of America

Doebele, Constance: C-SPAN

Doell, Michelle: C-SPAN

Doergeloh, Uwe: German TV ZDF

Doherty, Brian: Fox News

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Dolce, Stephen: CNN

Dolma, Dawa: Radio Free Asia

Dolma, Rigdhen: Radio Free Asia

Donaghy, Nina: Fox News

Donald, William: Viewpoint Communications

Donelan, Jennifer: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Donnelly, Julie: Feature Story News

Donovan, Brian: ABC News

Donovan, Christopher: NBC News

Donovan, Pamela: Freelance

[[Page 1002]]

Dooley, Christine: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Dorcil, Cherubin: Voice of America

Dore, Margaret: Freelance

Dorjee, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Dorning, Courtney: National Public Radio

Doshi, Nishith: Tribune Broadcasting

Dougherty, Danny: STATELINE.ORG

Dougherty, Jill: CNN

Dougherty, Mark: WUSA-TV

Dougherty, Martin: CNN

Dougherty, Paul G.: Freelance

Douglas, Dianna: National Public Radio

Downer, Carlton: CNN

Downey, Truval: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Doyle, Geoffrey: NBC News

Dozier, Kimberly: CBS News

Drake, Ingrid: Free Speech Radio News

Drosjack, Melissa: Fox News

Drumm, Lawrence L.: ABC News

Dubase, Manelisi: Feature Story News

Dubinsky, Inna: Voice of America

Dubinsky, Vladimir: National Public Radio

Dubroff, Richard: C-SPAN

Duck, Jennifer: ABC News

Dugge, Marc O.: German Broadcasting Systems-ARD

Duitch, David: Belo Capital Bureau

Dumpe, Megan: Fox News

Dunaway, John: CNN

Duncan, Michael J: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Robert: National Public Radio

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Dunlavey, Thomas: CNN

Dunlop, William: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Dunn, Katia: National Public Radio

Dunn, Lauren: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Radio

Durham, Deborah: Univision

Durham, Lisa: CNN

Durham, Timothy: Aljazeera International

Durkin, Edward: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Dwyer, George: Voice of America

Dyball, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Eades, Jr, Paul: C-SPAN

Eagle, William: Voice of America

Earnest, Jerry: Voice of America

Eaton, Hugh M.: National Public Radio

Ebitty-Doro, Estelle: AP-Broadcast

Eborn, Katrice: C-SPAN

Echevarria, Pedro L.: C-SPAN

Echols, Jerry: Fox News

Eck, Christina: Deutsche Press Agency

Eckert, Barton: Freelance

Eckert, Jessica: Hearst-Argyle Television

Edmond, Danaj: Freelance

Edmondson, William: Fox News

Edwards, Brian: Freelance

Edwards, Catherine: National Public Radio

Ehrenberg, Richard: ABC News

Eiras, Arlene: Freelance

Eisele, Kitty: National Public Radio

Eisenbarth, Ronald: C-SPAN

El Masry, Faiza: Voice of America

Elbadry, Hanan H.: Egyptian TV

Elders, Sarah: Fox News

Eldridge, James W.: Fox News

Eldridge, Mercedes: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Eldridge, Michael: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Elfa, Albert: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

El-Hamalawy, Mahmoud: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Elhassani, Camille: Aljazeera International

Elizondo, Gabriel: Aljazeera International

Elkins, Brenda: Aljazeera International

Ellard, Nancy: NBC Newschannel

Ellena, Peter: National Public Radio

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Ellerson, Margaret: ABC News

Elliott-Taylor, Debbie: National Public Radio

Elliot-Williams, Ethan: Freelance

Ellis, Neal: National Public Radio

Elmurr, Jessy: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Elnour, Waiel: AP-Broadcast

Elsewaify, Mirona Mohamed: Freelance

Elvington, Daniel Glenn: ABC News

Emanuel, Mike: Fox News

Emery, Edie: CNN

Empey, Duane: Freelance

Enciu, Edward: C-SPAN

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Engelberg, Matthew: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Engvist, Benita: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Epatko, Larisa: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Epstein, Steve: Freelance

Erbe, Bonnie: To The Contrary (Presephone Productions)

Ernst, Manuel: Freelance

Espinoza, Cholene: Talk Radio News Service

Esquivel, Patricia: C-SPAN

Evans, Kendall A.: ABC News

Evans, Laura: WTTG-Fox Television

Evans, Markham: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Everly, Tom: Freelance

Evstatieva, Monika: National Public Radio

Fabian, Kathleen: CNN

Fabic, Greg: C-SPAN

Facal, Luis: Voice of America

Fagen, Joel: Fox News

Faison, Al: Freelance

Fakhry, Ghida: Aljazeera International

Falls, John: CBS News

Falvella-Garraty, Susan: CNN

Fang, Sabrina: Tribune Broadcasting

Fant, Barbara: NBC News

[[Page 1003]]

Fantacone, John L.: CBS News

Farid, Mahtab: Voice of America

Farkas, Daniel: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

Farley, Jennifer: CNN

Farmer, Scott: Freelance

Farnum, Douglas: NBC News

Farrell, Kathryn: Channel One News

Farzam, Parichehr: Voice of America

Fattahi, Kambiz: BBC

Fauntleroy, Julius Dumarr: WETA

Faure, Sebastien: Swiss Broadcasting

Faw, Robert: NBC News

Fay, Mary Beth: NBC News

Feather, Rich: Ventana Productions

Federico, Hector: Voice of America

Feeney, Susan: National Public Radio

Feist, Sam: CNN

Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

Fendley, Gail: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Fendrick, Anne-Marie: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Fennell, Dionne: Aljazeera International

Fenwick, William: Free Speech Radio News

Ferder, Bruce: Voice of America

Feria, Liza: Reuters Radio & TV

Ferrigno, Tony: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Fessehaye, Adanech: Voice of America

Fessler, Pam: National Public Radio

Fetzer, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Fiedler, Maureen: Interfaith Voices

Fiedler, Stephan: German TV ARD

Fiegel, Eric James: CNN

Field, Rebecca: Potomac Television

Fields, Matthew: NBC News

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Fierro, Juan Martinez: Cope Radio (SPAIN)

Figura, John: Freelance

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Finch, Mark: Fox News

Fincher, Leta Hong: Voice of America

Fingar, Craig: CNN

Fink, Amy: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Finkel, Ben: Viewpoint Communications

Finland, Alexander: Fox News

Finn, Trevor: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Finney, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fishel, Justin: Fox News

Fitzgerald, Tom: WTTG-Fox Television

Fitzmaurice, Frank: WETA

Fitzpatrick, Craig: Voice of America

Flaherty, James: CNN

Flaherty, Linsday: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Flanagan, Danielle: WUSA-TV

Fleeson, Richard: C-SPAN

Fleming, Bon: Nippon TV Network

Fleming, Eileen: AP-Broadcast

Fletcher, Robley: CNN

Flintoff, Corey: National Public Radio

Flood, Randolph: Native American Television

Flores, Cesar: BT Video Productions

Flynn, Liz: CNN

Flynn, Michael: WUSA-TV

Flynn, Michael Francis: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Flynn, Robert: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Fogarty, Kevin: Reuters Radio & TV

Fogarty, Patrick: AP-Broadcast

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ford, Michael: Freelance

Ford, Sam: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Foreman, Thomas: CNN

Forman, David: NBC News

Forrest, Kerri Lyn: NBC News

Forsyth, Robert: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Forte, B.J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Foster, Carl: C-SPAN

Foster, Scott: NBC News

Foster, Tom: Freelance

Foster Mathewson, Lesli: WUSA-TV

Foty, Tom: Freelance

Foukara, Abderrahim: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Fouladvand, Hida: CNN

Foundas, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Fowler, Kathy: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Fowler, Maria: Gannett News Service

Fowler, Tom: Fox News

Fowlin, Joy: To The Contrary (Presephone Productions)

Fox, David: Freelance

Fox, Janet: WUSA-TV

Fox, Jason Erik: Freelance

Fox, Michael: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peter: Reuters Radio & TV

Frado, John: CBS News

Frame, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Francis, Julion: Freelance

Franco, Brian: WUSA-TV

Frank, Angela Kelly: WTTG-Fox Television

Frankel, Bruce: TF1-French TV

Franken, Robert: CNN

Franklin, Deborah: National Public Radio

Fraser, Wilfred: NBC News

Frazier, William: C-SPAN

Freeland, Eric: AP-Broadcast

Frei, Matt: BBC

French, Patrick: Freelance

Friar, David J.: AP-Broadcast

Fridrich, George: Freelance

Frieden, Terry: CNN

Friedman, Dave: Freelance

[[Page 1004]]

Friend-Daniel, Kenya: CNN

Friess, John: Freelance

Frisketti, Anthony: Aljazeera International

Fritz, Mike: NBC News

Frost, Lovisa: Talk Radio News Service

Fry, Jim: Voice of America

Fuchs, Joanne: CNBC

Fullwood, Adrian: AP-Broadcast

Fulton, Bradley: CTV Canadian TV

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furman, Hal E.: CBS News

Fuss, Brian: CBS News

Fuss, Robert J.: CBS News

Futrowsky, David: Fox News

Fyanes, Jo Ann Marie: Freelance

Gabala, Rick: C-SPAN

Gabriel, Oscar Wells: AP-Broadcast

Gacka, Monica: Fox News

Gaetano, Lawrence: NBC News

Gaffney, Dennis: Freelance

Gaffney, Matthew: WTTG-Fox Television

Gafner, Randall: Freelance

Gailey, Gretchen: Freelance

Galdabini, Christian: Freelance

Galey, Travis: Tribune Broadcasting

Gallagher, John: C-SPAN

Gallagher, Joseph: Voice of America

Gallasch, Hillery: Deutsche Welle TV

Gallo, Dan: Fox News

Gamble, Hadley: Fox News

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Ganz, Jacob: National Public Radio

Garcez, Bruno: BBC

Garcia, Gina: NBC News

Garcia, Guillermo: Reuters Radio & TV

Garcia, Joe: Fox News

Garcia, Jon D.: ABC News

Garcia, Robert G.: ABC News

Gardella, Richard: NBC News

Garg, Maya: Aljazeera International

Garifo, Stephen: WUSA-TV

Garlikov, Lydia: CNN

Garlock, John: C-SPAN

Garner, Jean: Aljazeera International

Garraty, Timothy C.: CNN

Garrett, Major: Fox News

Garske, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Garvin, Keith: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gaskin, Keith: NBC News

Gassman, Mara: CNN

Gato, Pablo: Telemundo Network

Gauss, Martina: Freelance

Gautam, Maurya: Aljazeera International

Gauthier, Arthur R.: ABC News

Gavin, Greg: National Public Radio

Gawad, Atef: Freelance

Gebhardt, William: NBC News

Geimann, Steve: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Geldon, Ben: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Geleschun, Uwe: German TV ARD

Gelles, David: NBC News

Gelman, Micah: AP-Broadcast

Gembara, Deborah: Reuters Radio & TV

Gentilo, Richard: AP-Broadcast

Gentry, Pamela: BET Nightly News

Gentry, Robert: TV ASAHI

George, Maurice: CNN

George, Paviithra: Reuters Radio & TV

Gergely, Valer: Voice of America

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Geyelin, Philip: Freelance

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbons, Gavin: Fox News

Gibbons, Sarah: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Gibson, Charles DeWolf: ABC News

Gibson, Jake: Fox News

Gibson, Jenna: Fox News

Gibson, Sheri Lynn: NBC Newschannel

Giebel, Edward Adam: Freelance

Gilardoni, Diego: Swiss Broadcasting

Gilbert, Sarah: BBC

Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Gillette, David: WETA

Gilliam, Dirk: Freelance

Gillis, Gary: Fox News

Gilman, Jeff: WTTG-Fox Television

Gilmore, John: CNN

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Giusto, Thomas M.: ABC News

Gjelten, Tom: National Public Radio

Glass, Evan: CNN

Glassman, Matt: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Gleason, Norma: C-SPAN

Gleaton, Oji: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Glennon, John: Freelance

Glover-James, Ian: Independent Television News (ITN)

Glynn, William: NBC Newschannel

Gmiter, Bernard: ABC News

Goddard, Andre: CNN

Goddard, Lisa: CNN

Godoy, Maria: National Public Radio

Godsick, Andrew L.: NBC Newschannel

Gold, Lawrence: AP-Broadcast

Gold, Peter: Fuji TV Japan

Goldberg, Jennifer: ABC News

Goldfein, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Goldman, David: Community TV of PG'S

Goldman, Jeff Scott: CBS News

Goler, Wendell: Fox News

Golimowski, Jeff: CNSNEWS.COM

Golloher, Jessica: Wamu

Gombakombra, Caroline: Voice of America

Gomes, Karina: Aljazeera International

[[Page 1005]]

Gomez, Augusto: Freelance

Gomez, Juan Carlos: National Public Radio

Gomez, Serafin: Fox News

Gonsar, Dhondup Namgyal: Radio Free Asia

Gonyea, Don: National Public Radio

Gonzalez, Antonio R.: Freelance

Gonzalez, Carlos: WTTG-Fox Television

Gonzalez, Julio: Hispanic Communications Network

Gonzalez, Liliana: CNN

Goodknight, Charles A: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Goodman, Jeffrey: Freelance

Goodwin, Sue: National Public Radio

Gorbutt, Richard: WUSA-TV

Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

Gordon, Herbert: Freelance

Gordon, Stuart: ABC News

Gorman, James W.: AP-Broadcast

Gorsky, Edward: NBC News

Gottlieb, Brian: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Gould, Robert: C-SPAN

Gourley, Meghan: C-SPAN

Gousha, Elizabeth: CNN

Gracey, David: CNN

Gradison, Robin: ABC News

Gram, Steffen William: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Gramlich, John P.: STATELINE.ORG

Granda, Marco: Venezuela TV

Granena, Marc: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Grant, Neva: National Public Radio

Grasso, Neil: CBS News

Graves, Lindsay: Freelance

Gray, James: CNN

Gray, Melissa: National Public Radio

Graydon, James: CNN

Grayson, Gisele: National Public Radio

Grayson, Tim: National Public Radio

Green, Jessie J.: WTOP Radio

Green, Lauren: Channel One News

Green, Sheila: Reuters Radio & TV

Greenaway, Steve: Potomac Television

Greenback, William: Voice of America

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC Newschannel

Greenberger, Jonathan: ABC News

Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

Greene, David: National Public Radio

Greene, James M.: NBC News

Greene, Thomas: CNN

Greenspon, Dana: Nightly Business Report

Greenwood, John K.: Freelance

Gregory, David: NBC News

Greiner, Nicholas P.: Freelance

Griffin, George: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Griffin, Jennifer: Fox News

Grifitts, William: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Grigg, Rex: CNN

Grimes, Sanford: Metro Teleproductions

Groome, Marsha: NBC News

Gross, Andrew F.: NBC News

Gross, David: CBS News

Gross, Josh: CBS News

Gross, Jr., Eddie S.: CNN

Grossman, David: Talk Radio News Service

Groves, Thomas: CNN

Grzech, Cherie: Fox News

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Gudenkauf, Anne: National Public Radio

Guest, Frank: Federal News Service

Guise, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Gural, Kathleen: East Coast Television

Gursky, Gregg L.: Fox News

Guthrie, Savannah: Court TV

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio and Press Service

Gutnikoff, Robert: AP-Broadcast

Guzman, Armando: Azteca America

Guzman, Roberto: Azteca America

Gwadz, Joel: CBS News

Gyal, Palden: Radio Free Asia

Ha, Gwen: Radio Free Asia

Haan, Mike: CNN

Habbick, Alan: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Habermann, Claudette: National Public Radio

Haberstick, Fred: Fox News

Habib, Elias: Al Arabiya TV

Haddad, Tammy: NBC News

Haefeli, Brian: Fox News

Hager, Mary: CBS News

Hager, Nathan: WTOP Radio

Hagerty, Michael E.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Haggerty, Patrick: This Week in Agribusiness (RFD-TV)

Hahn, Jay: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Hahn, Stephen: ABC News

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Halkett, Kimberly: Aljazeera International

Hall, Randy: CNSNEWS.COM

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Haller, Sylvia: NBC News

Hamberg, Steve: Viewpoint Communications

Hamby, Peter: CNN

Hamilton, Christopher: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Hamilton, Jay: Hamilton Productions, Inc.

Hamilton, Jon: National Public Radio

Hamilton, Valerie: Freelance

Hammons, Cheryl: East Coast Television

Hampton, Cheryl: National Public Radio

Han, Carol: Cox Broadcasting

Handel, Sarah: National Public Radio

Handelsman, Steve: NBC Newschannel

Handleman, Michelle: CBS News

Haning, Evan: WTOP Radio

Hanley, Patricia: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Hanneman, Kirk: Federal News Service

[[Page 1006]]

Hanner, Mark: CBS News

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hansen, Liane: National Public Radio

Hanson, Chris: C-SPAN

Hanson, David: NBC News

Harding, Claus: Freelance

Hardy, Arthur: Freelance

Hardymon, Barrie: National Public Radio

Harkness, Stephen: C-SPAN

Harlan, Jeremy: CNN

Harleston, Robb: C-SPAN

Harmon, Predi-Reko: CBS News

Harmon, Susan: CBS News

Harper, Benjamin: Medill News Service

Harper, Elizabeth: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Harper, Steve: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Harris, Lanese: CNN

Harris, Richard: National Public Radio

Harris, Roy: Freelance

Hart, Peter: NBC News

Hartge, John: Freelance

Hartman, Brian Robert: ABC News

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Harvey, Kinsey: C-SPAN

Harwood, John: CNBC

Haselton, Brennan: WTOP Radio

Hash, James: WUSA-TV

Hass, Thomas: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Hassan, Alegra: CBN News

Hassett, Walter: Freelance

Hastings Wotring, Melanie: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hatch, William T.: ABC News

Hawk, James: Metro Networks

Hawke, Anne: National Public Radio

Hawkins, Shonty: WUSA-TV

Hayes, Bryan: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Hayes, Monique: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hayley, Harold ``Pat'': NBC News

Haynes, Mary: Channel One News

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Hays, Guerin: CNN

Hayward, Jacqueline: WUSA-TV

Haywood, Barry L.: Freelance

Headen, Gregory: Fox News

Healey, Sean: Freelance

Heaney, Vanessa: BBC

Hecht, Barry: Freelance

Heckman, Gary: The Washington Bureau

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heiner, Stephen: The Washington Bureau

Heinzman, Elaine: National Public Radio

Helm, Ronald G.: CNN

Helman, Jonathan: Freelance

Helton, Jason Kyle: National Public Radio

Henao, Liliana: WZDC-TV

Henderson, Shelley: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Henderson, Susan: AP-Broadcast

Hendin, Robert: CBS News

Hendren, John Edward: ABC News

Hendren, Karen: Freelance

Hendricks, Mark: CBN News

Henn, Stephen: Marketplace Radio

Henneberg, Mary Janne: Fox News

Henrehan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Henry, Chas: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Henry, Ed: CNN

Henry, Jonelle P.: C-SPAN

Herbas, Francis: Fox News

Heredia, Lourdes: BBC

Herrera, Esequiel: ABC News

Herrera, Ruben: German TV ZDF

Herridge, Catherine: Fox News

Hester, Deirdre: CBS News

Heyman, Leslye: C-SPAN

Hibbitts, Mi Jeong Y.: Voice of America

Hickey, Darby: Free Speech Radio News

Hickman, Stacy: Fox News

Hidaka, Masano: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Hidaka, Yoshio: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Higgins, Ricardo: Freelance

Higgins, Ricardo: NBC News

Hill, Benjamin F.: CNN

Hill, Dallas: C-SPAN

Hill, Lee: National Public Radio

Hinds, Hugh: Freelance

Hiney, Mark: BBC

Hino, Katsumi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Hirzel, Conrad: CNN

Ho, King Man: Radio Free Asia

Ho, Stephanie: Voice of America

Hobson, Jeremy: Marketplace Radio

Hochman, Jordana: National Public Radio

Hoder, Shawn: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hoffman, Brian: AP-Broadcast

Hoffman, Jessica: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hoffmaster, Bob: C-SPAN

Hofstad, Elizabeth H.: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Hogan, Kylie A.: ABC News

Holden, Michael: C-SPAN

Holland, Cameron: Fox News

Holland, John: NBC News

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul: BT Video Productions

Hollis, Michael: National Public Radio

Holman, Kwame: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Holtschneider, Joseph: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Holzman, Todd: National Public Radio

Honhadze, Myroslava: Voice of America

Hooley, Gemma: National Public Radio

Hooper, Molly: Fox News

Hoover, Toni: Freelance

Hopkins, Adrienne Moira: Fox News

[[Page 1007]]

Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hopper, Dave: BBC

Hopper, Douglas: National Public Radio

Hoppock, Julia Kartalia: ABC News

Horan, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Horcajuelo, Inigo: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Horn, Charles: Eye-To-Eye Video

Horne, LaTanya: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hosford, Matthew Alan: ABC News

Hotep, Amon: ABC News

Houston, Karen Gray: WTTG-Fox Television

Hovell, Bret: ABC News

Hovell, Dean G.: Freelance

Howard, Cory R.: Fox News

Howard, Jim: National Public Radio

Howard, Stephen: WETA

Howe, Martin: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Howell, George: C-SPAN

Hoye, Matthew: CNN

Hristova, Rozalia: BBC

Hsieh, Yi-Pe: C-SPAN

Hsiung, Yahwa: Voice of America

Hssani, Nasser: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Hsu, Andrea: National Public Radio

Htike Oo, Thein: Voice of America

Htun, Kyaw Min: Radio Free Asia

Huang, Laura: Radio Free Asia

Hubert, Aja: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Huckeby, Paul: Fox News

Hudson, Christian: CNN

Huebler, Ryan: WTTG-Fox Television

Huff, Dan: AP-Broadcast

Huff, Priscilla: Feature Story News

Hugel, Dave: CNN

Hughes, D.C.: Freelance

Hughes, James: Freelance

Hughes, Megan: Cox Broadcasting

Hume, Brit: Fox News

Humeau, Thierry: Aljazeera International

Hung, Shirley: CNN

Hunn, Johney Burke: National Public Radio

Hunt, Greg: Fox News

Hunter, Ryan: WUSA-TV

Hurley, Charles: CNN

Hurley, Karina: Hispanic Communications Network

Hurt, James: NBC Newschannel

Hurtado, Eugenia: Aljazeera International

Hussain, Samira: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Hutcherson, Trudy: Freelance

Hutchins, Argin: National Public Radio

Hutchinson, Heather: Freelance

Huyghe, Todd: Freelance

Hyater, John: WETA

Hyatt, George: Freelance

Hylton, Winston: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ide, Charles: WETA

Ifill, Gwen: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

II, Tadayoshi: TV Asahi

Iida, Kaori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Iiyama, Laura: Feature Story News

Ikonomi, Ilir: Voice of America

Imaida, Aya: Nippon TV Network

Ing, Lance: WTTG-Fox Television

Ingram, Julian: Community TV of PG'S

Inoue, Hitoshi: TV Asahi

Inoue, Nami: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Inserra, Donna: Freelance

Inskeep, Steve: National Public Radio

Irby, Danyell: National Public Radio

Irvine, John: Independent Television News (ITN)

Irving, Terry: CNN

Irwin, Sarah: Freelance

Isaac, Monique: East Coast Television

Isenberg, Alan: CNN

Iverson, Matthew: Freelance

Jaakson, Uelle-Mall: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Jaber, Bushra: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Jackson, Craig: CNN

Jackson, Katharine: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Jackson, Robert E.: National Public Radio

Jackson, Roberta: C-SPAN

Jackson, Ryan: Cox Broadcasting

Jackson, Samuel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Jackson, Taryn: C-SPAN

Jacobi, Steve: CBN News

Jacobs, Adia: CNN

Jacobs, Philip H.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jacobson, Murrey: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Jaconi, Michelle: NBC News

Jacques, Andree-Lyne: TF1-French TV

Jacques, Virg: WTTG-Fox Television

Jaffe, Gary: Voice of America

Jaffe, Matthew: ABC News

Jafri, Syed: Voice of America

Jaje, Joanne: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

James, Karen: CNBC

James, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Jang, Myeong Hwa: Radio Free Asia

Jansen, Lesa: CNN

Japaridze, NuNu: CNN

Jarboe, Brian: National Public Radio

Jarvis, Julie: NBC Newschannel

Jean-Francois, Edvige: AP-Broadcast

Jeffries, Katherine: C-SPAN

Jenkins, David: CNN

Jenkins, Erin: BET Nightly News

Jenkins, Gene: CBN News

Jenkins, William G.: Fox News

Jennings, Alicia: NBC News

Jennings, Lori: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Jennings, Jr., Edward B.: Freelance

Jensen, Eric: Hearst-Argyle Television

[[Page 1008]]

Jermin, Ede: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jesenicnik, Vlasta: RTV Slovenija

Jeserich, Mitch: Pacifica Radio

Jessup, John: CBN News

Jibai, Wafaa: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Jillani, Shazeb: BBC

Jimenez, Martin: Freelance

Jing, Hui: New Tang Dynasty TV

Johansson, Bjoem: East Coast Television

Johns, Joseph: CNN

Johnsen, Kyle: CNN

Johnson, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Johnson, Douglas: Voice of America

Johnson, Everett: NBC News

Johnson, Fletcher: ABC News

Johnson, Jennifer: NBC Newschannel

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kevin: Cox Broadcasting

Johnson, Kia: Reuters Radio & TV

Johnson, Leroy: NBC News

Johnson, Paul: Freelance

Johnson, Richard: Fox News

Johnson, Rolanda: Freelance

Johnson, Sasha: CNN

Johnson, Stephanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Johnson, Wendy: National Public Radio

Johnson-McNeely, Helena: National Public Radio

Johnston, Derek Leon: ABC News

Johnston, Jeffrey: CBS News

Joneidi, Majid: BBC

Jones, Dave: Fox News

Jones, Gwyneth: NBC News

Jones, Kimberly: National Public Radio

Jones, Lauren: Fox News

Jones, Lyrone Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Morris: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Jones, Nelson: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Shawn: Freelance

Jones, Torrance: Fox News

Jones, Victoria: Talk Radio News Service

Jordan, Darrell: Fox News

Joseph, Akilah N.: ABC News

Josipovic, Sasa: Aljazeera International

Jouffriault, Pascal: France 2 Television

Joy, Michael: Freelance

Joy, Richard: Ventana Productions

Joya, Steve E.: ABC News

Joyce, Christopher: National Public Radio

Joyner, Daniel: Freelance

Judge, Michael: CNN

Jung, Mark: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Kabbas, Abdelhakim: Freelance

Kalashyan, Lusine: Voice of America

Kalbfeld, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Kalbfleisch, Catherine: Aljazeera International

Kanat, Mehmet Omer: Radio Free Asia

Kanawati, Balajia: Al Arabiya TV

Kane, James F.: ABC News

Kanka, James: The Washington Bureau

Kaplan, Bill: Freelance

Kara-Murza, Vladimir: RTVI/ECHO-TV

Kargbo, Judith: Freelance

Karl, Jonathan: ABC News

Karson, Danielle: Wamu

Kastan, Klaus: German Public Radio (ARD)

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Kato, Atsuchi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Katz, Craig: CBS News

Katz, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Katz, Nai Chian M.: Phoenix Satellite Television

Kay, Kathy: BBC

Kaye, Matthew: The Berns Bureau, Inc.

Kazama, Shin: Fuji TV Japan

Kearns, Kara: AP-Broadcast

Keator, John C.: National Public Radio

Keedy, Matthew: CBN News

Keeler, Desdemona: TV Asahi

Kehoe, Steven: C-SPAN

Keilar, Brianna: CNN

Kelemen, Michele: National Public Radio

Kelleher, Kristine: AP-Broadcast

Kellerman, Mike: ATN Productions, LTD

Kelley, Alice: German TV ZDF

Kelley, Bridget: National Public Radio

Kelley, Pamela: CNN

Kelly, Carol Anne Clark: National Public Radio

Kelly, Cristina: CNN

Kelly, Mary Louise: National Public Radio

Kelly, Sarah Beyer: National Public Radio

Kelly, Terence: Freelance

Kem, Sos: Radio Free Asia

Kenedy, Katherine: Potomac Television

Kenin, Justine: National Public Radio

Kennedy, Robert: C-SPAN

Kennedy, Suzanne: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kenny, Christopher: CNN

Kenny, Justin: Reuters Radio & TV

Kenworthy, Zachary: Fox News

Kenyon, Linda: SRN News (Salem)

Kerchner, Eric C.: Freelance

Kerley, David P.: ABC News

Kerpen, Mati: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kerr, Kristen: WUSA-TV

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Kessel, Michelle: NBC News

Kessler, Jonathan: Freelance

Kessler, Jonathan L.: Freelance

Kessler (Blumberg), Sarah: Fox News

Kestenbaum, David: National Public Radio

Ketcham, Lew: C-SPAN

Kettlewell, Christian: AP-Broadcast

Keyes, Allison: National Public Radio

Keyes, Charley: CNN

[[Page 1009]]

Khader, Ibrahim: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Khalaf, Lina: Aljazeera International

Khalaf, Mysa: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Khallash, Affra: ATN Productions, LTD

Khallash, Taleb: ATN Productions, LTD

Khan, Riz: Aljazeera International

Khananayev, Grigory: Fox News

Khanna, Ravi: Voice of America

Kharel, Ram C.: Sagarmatha Television

Khawreen, M. Ayub: Voice of America

Khin, May: Radio Free Asia

Khine, Tin Aung: Radio Free Asia

Kidd, Sally F.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kiernan, Ryan: NBC News

Kiker, Patrick: CBS News

Kilaru, Vandana: Freelance

Kill, Adrian: Freelance

Killion, Nikole: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kim, Annabel: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Kim, Jinkuk: WDCT Radio

Kim, Keunsam: Voice of America

Kim, Naeri: Radio Free Asia

Kim, Yonho: Radio Free Asia

Kim, Young-Kweon: Voice of America

Kimani, Julia: NBC News

Kimmel, Denise: CTV Canadian TV

King, Colleen: NBC News

King, Gregory: WETA

King, John: CNN

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kevin G.: WUSA-TV

King Lilleston, Kristi: WTOP Radio

Kinlaw, Worth: CNN

Kinney, George P.: CNN

Kinney, Laura: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kinney, Michael: Freelance

Kirk, Beverly: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kirtz-Garrett, Julie: Fox News

Kitanovska, Lilica: Voice of America

Kiver, Phillip: US Radio Network

Kiyasu, Adilson: CNN

Kizer, James S.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Klayman, Elliot: Eye-To-Eye Video

Klein, Robert: Freelance

Klenk, Ann: NBC News

Klima, Bojan: Voice of America

Kline, Jeff: Hispanic Communications Network

Knapp, Timothy: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Knell, Yolande: BBC

Knight, Raynel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Knighton, David: C-SPAN

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, John: ABC News

Knuckles, Georgette: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Kobe, Kathryn: Need To Know News

Koch, Kathleen: CNN

Kodaka, Nami: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Kohno, Kenji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Koike, Natsuko: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Kojovic, Predrag: Reuters Radio & TV

Kokufuda, Kaoru: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Kolodziejczak, Thomas: Tribune Broadcasting

Komatsu, Yoshiyaki: TV ASAHI

Konishi, Asuka: Nippon TV Network

Kono, Torao: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Koolhof, Vanessa M.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Koppel, Andrea: CNN

Koprowicz, Tetiana: Voice of America

Korff, Jay: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kornely, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Kornely, Sharon: Medill News Service

Kornreich, Lauren: CNN

Korona, Elizabeth: Channel One News

Kos, Martin: BT Video Productions

Koslow, Marc: NBC News

Kosnar, Michael: NBC News

Koster, Susan: Voice of America

Kotke, Wolfgang: Deutsche Welle TV

Kotuby, Stephanie: CNN

Kovac, Christina: Freelance

Kovach, Robert S.: CNN

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Kraemer-Anderson, Dagmar: German Public Radio (ARD)

Krakower, Gary: CNN

Kreinbihl, Mary: Fox News

Kreindler, Virginia: NBC Newschannel

Kretman, Lester: NBC News

Kreuz, Greta: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kroll, Donald Eugene: ABC News

Kross, Kathryn: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Krupin, David: Freelance

Kruse, Jan Espen: Norwegian Broadcasting

Kube, Courtney: NBC News

Kubota, Suzanne: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Kuczynski, Ronald: CNN

Kuhar, Ivana: Voice of America

Kuhn, Steve: AP-Broadcast

Kuleta, Gene: Metro Networks

Kulkarni, Rohit: Voice of America

Kulsziski, Peter: Freelance

Kulycky, Maya C.: ABC News

Kumar, Aparna: C-SPAN

Kupper, Carmen: Freelance

Kupperman, Tamara: NBC News

Kurcias, Martin R.: National Public Radio

Kurtz, Judy: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kwan, Vivian: Radio Free Asia

Kwisnek, Stephanie: Freelance

Kwon, Jai Hong: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Kyaw, Zaw Moe: Radio Free Asia

[[Page 1010]]

Kyaw Thein, Kyaw: Voice of America

Kyodo, Atsushi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

LaBella, Michael: Nightly Business Report

Labott, Elise: CNN

Laboy, Felix: C-SPAN

Lacey, Donna: Fox News

Lacore, Madeline: WUSA-TV

LaFollette, Marianna: Freelance

Lah, Kyung: CNN

Lamb, Brian: C-SPAN

Lambert, Brandon: Fuji TV Japan

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

Lamp, Kelly: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Landay, Woodrow: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landers, Kim: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landphair, Ted: Voice of America

Lane, Christopher: WETA

Lane, Gregory: CNN

Lane, Krista: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lang, Jessica: Feature Story News

Langfitt, Frank: National Public Radio

Langguth, Dana: Aljazeera International

Langley, Larry: Freelance

Lanier, Peter: CNN

Lanningham, Kyle: Swedish Broadcasting

Lanza, Jessica: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Lanzara, Catherine: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lapidus, Faith: Voice of America

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

Larsen, Greg: Freelance

LaSalla, Susan: NBC News

Laslo, Matt: Freelance

Latremoliere, France: Freelance

Laughlin, Ara: Community TV of PG'S

Laughlin, James: Freelance

Laurent, Arthur: National Public Radio

Lavallee, Michael: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Lavietes, Bryan: Court TV

Laville, Molly: C-SPAN

Lawlor, William: WUSA-TV

Lawrence, John: Ventana Productions

Lawrence, Mary: WETA

Lawson, Sam: Freelance

Lawton, Kim: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Lazar, Robert: C-SPAN

Lazernik, Ira: WTTG-Fox Television

Lazo, Larry: CNN

Leake, Myron: Freelance

LeCroy, Philip: Fox News

Lee, Daniel N.: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Dong Hyuk: Voice of America

Lee, Edward: WETA

Lee, Erik: WTTG-Fox Television

Lee, Jinsook: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Lee, Joong Wan: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Lee, Kyu Sang: Radio Free Asia

Leenknegt, Florence: Freelance

Lefebvre, Hilary: ABC News

Lege, Joey: East Coast Television

Legget, Dennis: Aljazeera International

LeGro, Tom: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lehman, Russell: National Public Radio

Lehrer, Jim: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lehrman, Margaret: NBC News

Leidelmeyer, Ronald: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Leiken, Katherine: Freelance

Leiner, Jon: Freelance

Leissner, Janet: CBS News

Leist, Elizabeth: NBC News

Leister, Meaghan: Fox News

LeMay, Gabriel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lendzian, Kay: German TV ZDF

Lentz, Rudiger: Deutsche Welle TV

Leone, Amy: WUSA-TV

Leong, Dexter: Freelance

Leong, Ming: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Lessin, Michael: Connectlive

Lester, Paul: WUSA-TV

Levi, Michelle: CBS News

Levin, Al: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Levine, Adam: CNN

Levine, Michael: Fox News

Lewine, Frances L.: CNN

Lewinski, George: Feature Story News

Lewis, Aaron: CBS News

Lewis, Edward: Fox News

Lewis, Elliott: Freelance

Lewis, Jerry S.: WETA

Lewis, John B.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lewis, Nelson: Fox News

Lewnes, Lisa: Reuters Radio & TV

Lewnes, Pericles: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Li, Bing: Washington Chinese Television

Li, Tian: Radio Free Asia

Li, Wo Tak: Radio Free Asia

Liao, Xiao Qiang: Radio Free Asia

Liasson, Mara: National Public Radio

Libretto, John: NBC News

Licht, Christopher: NBC News

Lielischkies, Udo: German TV ARD

Lien, Arthur: NBC News

Lien, Jonathan: CBS News

Liffiton, Bruce: Freelance

Likowski, Alex: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lilling, Dave: Metro Teleproductions

Lim, Lister: AP-Broadcast

Lin, Chuan: New Tang Dynasty TV

Lincoln, Diane: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lindblom, Mark: C-SPAN

Linden, Louis: Freelance

Linder, Matthew: Fox News

[[Page 1011]]

Lingner, Tilman: Swiss Broadcasting

Lininger, Christian: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Linker, Ron: NOS Dutch Public Radio & TV (VRT)

Liss, Sharon Kehnemui: Fox News

Lissit, Arleen: Freelance

Little, Craig: WTTG-Fox Television

Little, Jane: BBC

Little, Walter: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Littleton, Philip: CNN

Liu, Shou-lien: Washington Chinese Television

Liu, Ted: Radio Free Asia

Liu, Wei-Ming: Washington Chinese Television

Liu, Zhengzhu: Phoenix Satellite Television

Lively, Lydia: NBC News

Livingston, Abby: NBC News

Livingston, Stephanie: Fox News

Lloyd, Robert: Freelance

LoBreglio, Chris: Freelance

Lobzhanidze, Irakli: Rustavi 2 Broadcasting Company

Lodoe, Kalden: Radio Free Asia

Loebach, Joseph W.: NBC News

Loeschke, Paul: C-SPAN

Loew, Raimund: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Loftus, Kevin: Freelance

Logan, Rebeca: Hispanic Communications Network

Logan, Russell: C-SPAN

Lois, Dyer: CBS News

Lomax, Malik: Freelance

Lombardo, Evelyn: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Londres, Eduardo: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Long, Culver: Freelance

Long, James V.: NBC News

Longmire, Jennifer: National Public Radio

Loomans, Kathryn: AP-Broadcast

Lopardo, Melissa Anne: ABC News

Loper, Catherine: Fox News

Lopez, Edwing: Azteca America

Lopez, Juan Carlos: CNN

Lopez, Myra B.: AP-Broadcast

Lora, Edwin: CNN

Lora, Willie A.: CNN

Lord, Bill: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lorek, Stanley: Freelance

Lormand, John: SRN News (Salem)

Losey, Andrew: CNN

Loucks, William: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Lowman, Wayne: Fox News

Lu, Lucy: Radio Free Asia

Lucas, Fred: CNSNEWS.COM

Lucchini, Maria Rosa: WMDO-TV Univision

Ludden, Jennifer: National Public Radio

Ludwig, Robert: WETA

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Luhn, Laurie: Fox News

Lukas, Jayne: Freelance

Lund, Susan: National Public Radio

Lurch, Jr., David L.: Freelance

Lutt, Howard: CNN

Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Radio & TV

Lutz, Ellsworth M.: ABC News

Luu, Chieu: Aljazeera International

Luzader, Doug: Fox News

Luzquinos, Julio: Freelance

Ly, Sherri: WTTG-Fox Television

Lyles, Brigitte: Fox News

Lynds, Stacia: Fox News

Lynn, Gary: NBC News

Lyon, Daniel: Freelance

Lyon, Michael: Fox News

Lyons, Theodore: East Coast Television

Lyons Sargeant, Nancy: AP-Broadcast

MacAdam, Alison: National Public Radio

MacDonald, James: CTV Canadian TV

MacDonald, Neil: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

MacFarlane, Scott: Cox Broadcasting

MacHamer, Lessandra: NBC News

Machin, Carmelo: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Macholz, Wolfgang: German TV ZDF

Mackamul, David: Aljazeera International

Mackaye, Amanda: Freelance

MacNeil, Lachlan Murdoch: ABC News

MacSpadden, Ian: NBC Newschannel

Maer, Peter: CBS News

Magnuson, Eric: Freelance

Maher, Heather: Radio Free Europe

Majchrowitz, Michael: Fox News

Majeed, Alicia: NBC Newschannel

Makelainen, Mika: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Malakoff, David: National Public Radio

Malbon, Joy: CTV Canadian TV

Malloy, Brian: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Malone, Beverly: CNN

Malone, Freddie: Freelance

Malone, James: Voice of America

Malone, Junius: NBC News

Maloney, Erin: Belo Capital Bureau

Maltas, Michael: CNN

Manatt, Dan: Talk Radio News Service

Mandelson, Adam: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Manjardino, Rita: BBC

Mannos, Sofia: AP-Broadcast

Mansour, Fadi: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Maranho, Jose: Fox News

Marantz, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Marash, Amy: Aljazeera International

Marash, David: Aljazeera International

Marchione, Mark Anthony: CNN

Marchitto, Tom: National Public Radio

Marcus, Michael: Channel One News

Marenco, Julissa: WZDC-TV

[[Page 1012]]

Marks, Simon: Feature Story News

Marlantes, Liz: ABC News

Marno, Joseph: Aljazeera International

Marno, Mike: Aljazeera International

Maroney, Sean: Voice of America

Marquardt, Alexander: Channel One News

Marquardt, Ursula: German TV ZDF

Marriott, Mai: Freelance

Marriott, Marc: Freelance

Marriott, Michael: Freelance

Mars, Harvey: WUSA-TV

Marshall, Mark: Freelance

Marshall, Rudy: Aljazeera International

Marshall, Steve: CBS News

Martens, Jacqueline: BBC

Martin, David: AP-Broadcast

Martin, David: CBS News

Martin, Michel: National Public Radio

Martin, Sam: C-SPAN

Martin, Wisdom: WTTG-Fox Television

Martin Ewing, Samara: WUSA-TV

Martin, Jr., James: ABC News

Martinez, Luis: ABC News

Martinez, Sandra: Aljazeera International

Martinez, Tina Marie: Fox News

Martino, Jeffrey: Freelance

Maskova, Adela: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mason, Cecelia: West Virginia Public Broadcasting

Massey, Yolanda: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Masuda, Tsuyoshi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Mathes, Michael: Voice of America

Mathieu, Joe: Marketwatch

Mattesky, Thomas A.: CBS News

Matthews, Chris: NBC News

Matthews, Claude: Freelance

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Paul: Freelance

Matthews, Ronald H.: CBS News

Matzka, Jeffrey A.: SRN NEWS (Salem)

Mauro, Craig: Aljazeera International

Mausteller, Elizabeth: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Maxwell, Darraine: ABC News

May, Tim: Fox News

Mayer, Petra: National Public Radio

Mayhew, Linda: Freelance

Mazariegos, Mark: Freelance

McAllister, Ian: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McCabe, Valerie: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

McCaleb, Ian: Fox News

McCallister, Doreen: National Public Radio

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean: C-SPAN

McCarren, Andrea: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McCarthy, Lark: WTTG-Fox Television

McCarty, D. Jay: Freelance

McCarty, D. Page: Freelance

McCash, Douglas: Freelance

McCaughan, Timothy: CNN

McClam, Kevin: Fox News

McCleery, Kathleen: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

McCloskey, George: Fox News

McClure, Tipp K.: Reuters Radio & TV

McClurkin, Donald: WETA

McConnell, Dave: WTOP Radio

McConnell, Dugald: CNN

McCorkell, Meghan: Sinclair Broadcast Group

McCrary, Scott: CBS News

McCray, Nathan: Al Arabiya TV

McCulloch, Emily: CNN

McCurdy, Nan: Free Speech Radio News

McCutchen, Yolanda: NBC News

McDaniel, Ashley: Freelance

McDermott, Frank: WUSA-TV

McDermott, Michele Marie: ABC News

McDermott, Richard: NBC Newschannel

McDermott, Tara: BBC

McDermott, Todd: WUSA-TV

McDevitt, Rebecca: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McDonald, Mark: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

McDonald, N. Patricia: Freelance

McDonnell, Ellen: National Public Radio

McEachin, Johnny: NBC News

McFadden, Kerith: CNN

McFarland, Patty: Freelance

McGarvy, Sean: WTTG-Fox Television

McGinn, Anne: Fox News

McGinty, Derek: WUSA-TV

McGlinchy, Jim: CBS News

McGrath, Megan: WRC-TV/NBC-4

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGreevy, Allen: BBC

McGriff, Kathryn: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McGuire, Ellen: NBC News

McGuire, Joanna: Freelance

McGuire, Lorna: WTTG-Fox Television

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McHenry, Jr., Robert: Freelance

McIntosh, Dara: Aljazeera International

McIntosh, Denise: CNN

McIntyre, James: CNN

McIntyre, Kim: Fox News

McKelway, Douglas: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McKenna, William: BBC

McKinley, Karen: NBC News

McKinley, Robert: CBS News

McKinney, Ashley: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McKinney, Richard: Sinclair Broadcast Group

McKnight, William: WUSA-TV

McLaughlin, Ross: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McLellan, Daniel: Freelance

McManamon, Erin T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

McManus, Eleanor Spektor: CNN

McManus, Kevin A.: NBC Newschannel

McManus, Michael: HD News

[[Page 1013]]

McManus, Nicole: NBC Newschannel

McMartin, Philip: Agday

McMichael IV, Samuel J.: CNN

McMinn, Nan Hee: AP-Broadcast

McMullan, Michael: CNN

McNair, Erik T.: ABC News

McNally, Julia: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

McQuaid, Brendan: C-SPAN

McWhinney, David: Aljazeera International

Means, Jeffrey: Voice of America

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William: CNN

Mebane, Ted: National Public Radio

Medenecki, Jason: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Medvee, Dennis: National Public Radio

Meech, James: CNN

Meehan, Brian: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Meghani, Sagar: AP-Broadcast

Mehrpore, Abdu: Voice of America

Meier, Christiane: German TV ARD

Meier, Markus: N-TV News Television

Mejia, Douglas: WZDC-TV

Melendy, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Melhem, Richard: Al Arabiya TV

Melia, Michael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Melia, Natalia: CBS News

Melick, Rob: Fox News

Mellman, Ira: WTOP Radio

Melnyk, Mariana: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Meltzer, Ari: ABC News

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision

Mendelson, Beth: Voice of America

Mengel, Trenton: East Coast Television

Meola, Erin: Freelance

Meraz, Gregorio: Televisa News Network (ECO)

Mergener, Tara: Freelance

Merideth, Lila: Channel One News

Merrill, Robert: NBC News

Merten, Andrew: NBC News

Meserve, Jeanne: CNN

Mesner-Hage, Jesse: Aljazeera International

Mesquita, Christina: AP-Broadcast

Messer, Christopher: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Metz, Daniela: German TV ARD

Metzger, Edward: CNN

Metzger, Justin: C-SPAN

Metzger, Rochelle: Community TV of PG'S

Meucci, Jason Robert: CNN

Meyer, Dick: CBS News

Meyer, Kerry: Freelance

Mezick, Byron: NBC News

Michaud, Robert: Aljazeera International

Micklos, Gregg: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Migas, Portia: ABC News

Mihmandarli, Bulut: Voice of America

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Mikus, Andrea: SRN News (Salem)

Milenic, Alexander: WTTG-Fox Television

Milford, Robert H.: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Millar, Christopher: NBC News

Miller, Andrew Peter: C-SPAN

Miller, Annette: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Avery: ABC News

Miller, Beth: BBC

Miller, Karen: Free Speech Radio News

Miller, Michael: Fox News

Miller, Mitchell: WTOP Radio

Miller, Paul Keith: CNN

Miller, Sunlen Mari: ABC News

Miller, Tim: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Mills, Jim: Fox News

Mills, Joe: National Public Radio

Mills, Kate: C-SPAN

Mills, Susan: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Milne, Claudia: BBC

Min, Kyungwook: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Minner, Richard: NBC News

Minor, Rodney Lee: Fednet

Minoso, Guillermo: National Public Radio

Minott, Gloria: WPFW-FM

Mishkin, Jay: WUSA-TV

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitchell, Russell: Voice of America

Mitnick, Steven: Freelance

Miyake, Yuko: TV Tokyo

Mizell, Melinda: Freelance

Mlatisuma, Alen: Voice of America

Mohen, Peter: CNN

Mohyeldin, Ayman: Aljazeera International

Moire, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Molinares-Hess, Ione Indira: Freelance

Molineaux, Diana: Radio Marti

Monack, David: C-SPAN

Monange, Arielle: France 2 Television

Montague, William: Freelance

Monte, John: Freelance

Montenegro, Lori: Telemundo Network

Montenegro, Norma: WMDO-TV Univision

Montgomery, Alica: National Public Radio

Montgomery, Charles: Freelance

Mooar, Brian: NBC Newschannel

Mooney, Kevin: CNSNEWS.COM

Moore, Dennis: Need To Know News

Moore, Garrette: C-SPAN

Moore, Gregg: Freelance

Moore, Karen: CBS News

Moore, Linwood: C-SPAN

Moore, Nathan: Pacifica Radio

Moore, Terrence: Metro Networks

Moore, W. Harrison: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Moorhead, Jeremy: CNN

Moorman, Jeffrey: HD News

[[Page 1014]]

Morales, Olga: Freelance

Morales, Victor: Voice of America

Moreno, Raul: National Public Radio

Morgan, Donald: Freelance

Morgan, Keith B.: ABC News

Morgan, Marcia: National Public Radio

Morgan, Nancy Gerstman: WETA

Morris, Amy: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Morris, Gaven: Aljazeera International

Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

Morris, Peter: CNN

Morris, Sarah: BBC

Morrisette, Roland: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Morrison, Bridget: C-SPAN

Morrison, Jill: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Morse, Richard: Fox News

Morton, Dan: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: TF1-French TV

Moses, Lester: NBC News

Mosettig, Michael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mosley, Matthew: Fuji TV Japan

Moubray, Virginia: CNN

Moynihan, Mark: AP-Broadcast

Mueller, John: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Muhammad, Alverda: National Scene News

Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News

Muhammad, Seleena M.: Fox News

Muir, Robert: Reuters Radio & TV

Munford, Corey: Radio Free Asia

Munoz, Luis: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Munoz, Luis: Radio Marti

Muratani, Tateki: Fuji TV Japan

Murphy, Fran: Channel One News

Murphy, Frederick: Freelance

Murphy, John: CBS News

Murphy, Richard: WTTG-Fox Television

Murphy, Terry: C-SPAN

Murphy, Thomas: CNN

Murphy, Victor: WUSA-TV

Murray, Mark: NBC News

Murray, Matthew: Freelance

Murray, Timothy K.: Ventana Productions

Mursa, Alexander: Russia Today Television

Mursa, Christina: Russia Today Television

Murtaugh, Peter: BBC

Murugesan, Vidya: Freelance

Musa, Imad: Aljazeera International

Muse, Vince: National Public Radio

Musha, Jilili: Radio Free Asia

Muskat, Steven: NBC Newschannel

Muturi, Muthoni: National Public Radio

Mvunganyi, Jackson: Voice of America

Mwakalyelye, Ndimyake: Voice of America

Myers, Lisa: NBC News

Myo Thet, Khin: Voice of America

Myrick, Yetta: C-SPAN

Nadler, Gary: ABC News

Nagesh, Gautham: Need To Know News

Naidoo, Anand: Aljazeera International

Nakasone, Sarah: Belo Capital Bureau

Namgyal, Tseten: Radio Free Asia

Napier, Joyce: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Napshin, Jeffrey: Freelance

Nardi, William: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Nash, John C.: WETA

Nassar, Mohamedelhussin: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Nathan, Caroline: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Nathan, Nancy: NBC News

Nawaz, Amna: NBC News

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Ndiho, Paul: Voice of America

Neal, Jason: NBC News

Neale, Tracey: WUSA-TV

Neapolitan, Michael: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Nelson, Christopher: National Public Radio

Nelson, Donna: NBC News

Nelson, Emily Anne: ABC News

Nelson, James: Fox News

Nelson, Joseph: Washington Bureau News Service

Nelson, Marie: National Public Radio

Nelson, Nicole: Freelance

Neubauer, Kristin: Reuters Radio & TV

Neubauer, Sandra: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Neville, Shaun: Hearst-Argyle Television

Nevins, Elizabeth: NBC News

Newberry, Tom: NBC Newschannel

Newman, Scott: National Public Radio

Ngoc, Pham Than: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, An: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, Anh: Freelance

Nguyen, Bich-Ha: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, Dien M.: Radio Free Asia

Nicci, Nicholette: CNN

Nichols, James: WUSA-TV

Nichols, Meka: Channel One News

Nickerson, Dewayne: CBS News

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

Nielsen, John: National Public Radio

Niiler, Eric: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Nikuradze, David: Rustavi 2 Broadcasting Company

Nishikawa, Yoshio: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Nishiumi, Setsu: Fuji TV Japan

Nixon, Adam: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Nixon, Chuck: WETA

Nocciolo, Ernest G.: CNN

Nocciolo, Valorie: CNN

Noce, Julie: Swiss Broadcasting

Noda, Yuiko: TV Tokyo

Noh, Jung Min: Radio Free Asia

[[Page 1015]]

Nolen, John: CBS News

Noonan, Heidi: Fox News

Norborg, Bengt: Swedish Broadcasting

Norins, Jamie: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard A.: Freelance

Norris, Donna: C-SPAN

Norris, James: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Norris, Jane: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Norris, Michele: National Public Radio

Northam, Jackie: National Public Radio

Northrop, Rick: Federal News Service

Novy, Michele: Fox News

Nowak, Christopher: CNN

Nunez, Jorge: WMDO-TV Univision

Nurenberg, Gary: Freelance

Nurre, Bridget: NBC News

Nwazota, Kristina: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Nyane, Khin Maung: Radio Free Asia

Nyberg, Carina: Federal News Service

Nyi, Nyi: Radio Free Asia

NYROP, SIRI E.: Voice of America

Nyunt Oo, Thar: Voice of America

O'Berry, D. Kerry: Freelance

O'Brien, David: Freelance

O'Brien, Jane: BBC

O'Connell, Benjamin: C-SPAN

O'Connell, Mike: NBC Newschannel

O'Donnell, Emily: ABC News

O'Donnell, Kelly: NBC News

O'Donnell, Norah: NBC News

O'Donnell, Patrick: Eye-To-Eye Video

O'Leary, Lizzie: Bloomberg Radio & TV

O'Regan, Michael: WRC-TV/NBC-4

O'Shea, Jr., Daniel J.: Freelance

O'Toole, Quinn: National Public Radio

Oberti, Ralf: Freelance

Och, Phillip Andrew: Channel One News

Ochsenschlager, Emily: National Public Radio

Odeh, Renee: Aljazeera International

Odom, Quillie: Fox News

Offermann, Claudia: German TV ZDF

Offor, Chinedu: Voice of America

Ogata, Kerry: CNN

Oh, Junghwa: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Ohm-Andress, Jeannie: NBC News

Oinounou, Mosheh: Fox News

Oko, Jennifer Cohen: CBS News

Okorn, Peter: Aljazeera International

Okoshi, Kensuke: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Olick, Diana: CNBC

Oliver, LaFontaine: Radio One

Olmsted, Alan: C-SPAN

Ong, Linh: AP-Broadcast

Oo, Win Naing: Radio Free Asia

Oo-Zin, Ma: Voice of America

Orozco Rojas, Nathalia: RCN-TV (Colombia)

Orr, Bob: CBS News

Osinski, Krystyna: AP-Broadcast

Oszancak, Hakan: AP-Broadcast

Otth, John: CNN

Ouafi, Mohamed Said: Freelance

Ouellet, David: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Outen, Gwen: National Public Radio

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Owen, Andrea: ABC News

Pace, Julie: AP-Broadcast

Padilla-Cirino, Mercy: Hispanic Communications Network

Pagan, Louis: AP-Broadcast

Page, David: CBN News

Palaruan, Paul: CNN

Palca, Joe: National Public Radio

Panov, Alexander: RTVI/ECHO-TV

Panzer, Chester: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Parenti, Alisa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Park, Jung-Woo: Radio Free Asia

Park, Sarah Lee: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Parker, Andre: CNN

Parker, Beth: WTTG-Fox Television

Parker, Jennifer L.: ABC News

Parker, Robert Geoffrey: CNN

Parkinson, John R.: ABC News

Parks, Chris: CNN

Parlett, Geoff: Belo Capital Bureau

Parman, John: Interfaith Voices

Parrish, Bryan: Metro Networks

Parsell, Robert: Voice of America

Parshall, Janet: SRN News (Salem)

Passariello (Dodich), Linda: Freelance

Pastre, Dominique: Fox News

Patrick, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Patruznick, Michael: C-SPAN

Patsalos, Connie: NBC News

Patsko, Daniel: Freelance

Patterson, Ashley: Belo Capital Bureau

Patterson, Jay E.: ABC News

Pattni, Purvee: BBC

Pauls, Hartmut: Freelance

Paxton, Bradford S.: Fox News

Payne, Aaron C.: CNN

Payne, Nathan: CNN

Payne, Scott: AP-Broadcast

Payton, Strader: TV Tokyo

Paz Vergara, Miguel: CBN News

Peacock, Grant: Freelance

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Radio & TV

Pearson, Hampton: CNBC

Pearson, John Vincent: National Public Radio

Peltier, Yves: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Pena, Ana Sarai: Telesur

Pena, Celinda: WUSA-TV

[[Page 1016]]

Penaloza, Marisa: National Public Radio

Peppers, Greg: National Public Radio

Perez, Nitza Soledad: ABC News

Pergram, Chad: Fox News

Perkins, Alexis: AP-Broadcast

Perkins, Douglas: Freelance

Perkins, Vernon: C-SPAN

Perlmeter, Alan: WETA

Perron, Marilisa: Freelance

Perry, Andrea: C-SPAN

Perry, Christina: C-SPAN

Perry, Michelle: NBC News

Perry, Jr., Timothy: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Peslis, Chris: Fox News

Peters, Ronald: WUSA-TV

Petersen, Hilke: German TV ZDF

Peterson, Gordon: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Peterson, James: Freelance

Peterson, Karen: WUSA-TV

Peterson, Rebecca: CBS News

Peterson, Robert: Freelance

Petraitis, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Petras, William: NBC News

Pettigrew, Chris: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Peyton, Michael: CBS News

Pham, Jacqueline: Fox News

Philippon, Alan: CNN

Phillips, Steven: Reuters Radio & TV

Pickup, Michael: ABC News

Pigott, Bernard: Fox News

Pillon, Annette: ABC News

Piltz, Eberhard: German TV ZDF

Pimble, William: CBS News

Pinczuk, Murray: Freelance

Pinzon, Wingel: Freelance

Piper, Jeff: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Pitocco, Nickolas: C-SPAN

Pittman, Tom: WTTG-Fox Television

Pizarro, Fernando: Univision

Placie, Jordan: CNN

Plaia, Jennifer: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Plante, Gilles: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Plante, William: CBS News

Plater, Christopher: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Pliszak, Richard K.: ABC News

Plotkin, Mark: WTOP Radio

Poch, Reasey: Voice of America

Poduch, Shelby: NBC News

Poley, Michael: CNN

Policastro, Jacqueline: Lilly Broadcasting

Policastro, Jacqueline: AP-Broadcast

Pomerantz, Roni: C-SPAN

Pons, Annie Kate: Aljazeera International

Poole, Michael: Freelance

Pope, Lindsey: Freelance

Popkin, James: NBC News

Popovic, Darko: Voice of America

Popovici, Andrei: RTVI/ECHO-TV

Popp, Chris: CNN

Popp, David: Talk Radio News Service

Porsella, Claude L.: Radio France Internationale

Porter, Almon: C-SPAN

Porter, Christina: C-SPAN

Porteus, Liza: Fox News

Portnoy, Ellen: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

Portnoy, Steven A.: ABC News

Postovit, David: Hearst-Argyle Television

Potts, Tracie: NBC Newschannel

Poulou, Penelope: Voice of America

Pounds, Michael: Aljazeera International

Powell, Brian William: Radio Free Asia

Powell, Lee: AP-Broadcast

Prah, Pamela M.: STATELINE.ORG

Prann, Elizabeth: Fox News

Pratt, James: WUSA-TV

Pratzel, Ryan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

Press, Robert: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Preston, Mark: CNN

Presutti, Carolyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Probst, Eva: German TV ARD

Pronko, Tony: C-SPAN

Pryor, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Publicover, Robert: WTOP Radio

Pugliese, Pat: CNBC

Puljic, Ivica: Voice of America

Purbaugh, Michael J.: Freelance

Putic, George: Voice of America

Qadar, Sana: Freelance

Queen, Shegoftah: Voice of America

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, John: Voice of America

Quinn, Mary: ABC News

Quinn, Saul: Freelance

Quinnette, John: Freelance

Quinonez, Omar A.: Freelance

Qusaibaty, Olivia: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Rabbage, Mark: BBC

Rabin, Carrie: CBS News

Rabin, Mark: Freelance

Rabkin, Job: Independent Television News (ITN)

Rachou, Carol: CNN

Racki, Jason D.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Rad, Ali: Freelance

Raddatz, Martha: ABC News

Radia, Kirit M.: ABC News

Raffaele, Robert: Voice of America

Rager, Bryan: Freelance

Raghavan, Malika: Hearst-Argyle Television

Raine, John Patrick: Aljazeera International

Rainey, Brian: Freelance

Ramienski, Dorothy: Federal News Radio AM 1050

[[Page 1017]]

Ramirez, Edwin: Freelance

Ramirez, Fabiana: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Ramirez, Roselena: Telesur

Ramos, Raul: Azteca America

Rampy, R. Grant: Tribune Broadcasting

Randev, Sonia: Community TV of PG'S

Randle, Antonia: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Randle, Jim: Voice of America

Randolph, Kimberly: ABC News

Raphel, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Rarey, Richard Howell: National Public Radio

Raskin, Molly: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Raston, Dina Temple: National Public Radio

Rathner, Jeffrey: WETA

Ratliff, Walter: AP-Broadcast

Ratner, Ellen: Talk Radio News Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Raval, Adi: BBC

Raval, Nikhil: C-SPAN

Ravanello, Chris: CNN

Raviv, Daniel: CBS News

Ray, Alonzo: NBC News

Ray, Douglas: Freelance

Ray, Steven: Aljazeera International

Raz, Guy: National Public Radio

Reagan, Cheryl: Federal News Service

Reals, Gary: WUSA-TV

Reap, Patrick: CNN

Reaux, Richard: Freelance

Redding, William: ABC News

Redman, Justine: CNN

Redmond, Kuren: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Reed, Josephine: Freelance

Reeder, Louis R.: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Reese, Orla: AP-Broadcast

Reeve, Richard: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Reeves, Alea: Aljazeera International

Reeves, Austin: WTTG-Fox Television

Regan, Tom: National Public Radio

Rehman, Fiaz: Voice of America

Reid, Chip: NBC News

Reid, Kaylan: NBC News

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reinsel, Ed: Freelance

Remillard, Michele: Fox News

Renaud, Jean: CNN

Renken, David: Fox News

Rensberger, Scott: TV2-Denmark

Reuter, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Reyes, Malissa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Reyes, Victor: Telemundo Network

Reynolds, Andrew: National Public Radio

Reynolds, Catherine C.: Cox Broadcasting

Reynolds, Judy: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Reynolds, Robert: Aljazeera International

Rhode, Leslie Cook: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rhodes, Elizabeth: Fox News

Ricciuti, Leah: ABC News

Rice, Diriki: Freelance

Richard, Sylvain: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Richards, Alison: National Public Radio

Rickard, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Riddle, Joel: National Public Radio

Ridgeway, David: CNN

Riess, Steffanie: German TV ZDF

Riggs, James: CNN

Riggs, Tyrone W.: Freelance

Riha, Anne Marie: Fox News

Riner, Corbett: Fox News

Rios, Delia: C-SPAN

Ritchie, Thomas: AP-Broadcast

Rivero, Raul: WUSA-TV

Roach, Amy: C-SPAN

Roan, Ansley: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Roane Skehan, Andrea: WUSA-TV

Robbins, Francisco: CBS News

Robbins, Michael: Fox News

Robbins, Sarah: BBC

Robert, Olivier: Freelance

Roberts, Diane: Freelance

Roberts, Eugene W.: Freelance

Roberts, Jean Pierre: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Roberts, John: CNN

Roberts, Nathan: Freelance

Roberts, Susan: CBS News

Robertson, Greg: CNN

Robertson, Laura: CBN News

Robertson, Shari: Camerini-Robertson, Inc.

Robertson, Tamara: Fox News

Robinson, Angela: CNN

Robinson, Daniel: Voice of America

Robinson, David: CNN

Robinson, Douglas: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Robinson, Margaret: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Robinson, Querry: NBC News

Robinson, Veronica: WTOP Radio

Roca, Xavier: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

Rocha, Juan: Ventana Productions

Rocha, Samuel: Freelance

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rockwell, Kelly: Aljazeera International

Rocque, Tiffany: C-SPAN

Rodden, Alison: Hispanic Communications Network

Rodgers, Michelle: WUSA-TV

Rodgers, William: Voice of America

Rodriguez, Janelle: CNN

Rodriguez, Janet: CNN

Rodriguez, Janet: WZDC-TV

Rodriguez, Martine: C-SPAN

Rohrbeck, Douglas: Fox News

Rojas, Carlos A.: ABC News

Rokus, Brian: CNN

Roland, Abu Bakr: Freelance

Roller, Richard L.: ABC News

[[Page 1018]]

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC Newschannel

Romero, Alberto: Freelance

Romilly, George: ABC News

Roof, Peter: Freelance

Rooney, Sarah: Channel One News

Rooney Perkins, Alexis: AP-Broadcast

Root, Sean L.: WUSA-TV

Rose, Francis: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Rose, Raymond: NBC News

Rosefeldt, Sarah: NBC News

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosen, Amy: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Rosen, James: Fox News

Rosen, Rachel: CNN

Rosenbaum, Jill: CBS News

Rosenberg, Andrew: National Public Radio

Rosenberg, Gary: ABC News

Rosenberg, Howard L.: ABC News

Rosenberg, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Rosenfelder, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Rosetti, Jeffrey: WUSA-TV

Rosgaard, Jessica: CNN

Ross, Adrienne: Freelance

Ross, Caley: Fox News

Ross, Lee: Fox News

Ross, Mary Katherine: CNN

Rossel, Maria Luisa: W RADIO

Rossetti-Meyer, Misa: Freelance

Roston, Aram: NBC News

Roth, Johnie: NBC News

Roth, Linda: CNN

Roth, Theodore: Freelance

Rovner, Julie: National Public Radio

Rowe, Hildrun: German TV ZDF

Rowe, Tom: Reuters Radio & TV

Rowland, Michael: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Royce, Lindy: CNN

Roycraft, David: WUSA-TV

Rubin, Joshua: CNN

Ruby, Tracy: C-SPAN

Rudd, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rudin, Ken: National Public Radio

Ruff, David: CNN

Ruff, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Ruff, Rivea: Freelance

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Rushfield, Stuart: National Public Radio

Rushing, Ian: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rushing, Joshua: Aljazeera International

Russert, Timothy: NBC News

Russo, Jay R.: ABC News

Rust, Emily: CNN

Rutherford, John: NBC News

Ruttenberg, Roee: Aljazeera International

Ryan, Jason: ABC News

Ryan, Marty: Fox News

Ryan Conley, Jennifer: WUSA-TV

Rydell, Kate: CBS News

Ryntjes, Dan: BBC

Rysak, F. David: WTTG-Fox Television

Saad, Layelle: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Sacco, John: CNN

Sachs, Robert: National Public Radio

Sacks, Howard: NBC News

Saffelle, Jeffrey: Global TV Canada

Sagalyn, Daniel: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Said Ouafi, Mohamed: ATN Productions, LTD

Sakota, Alija: WUSA-TV

Salam, Najiba: Voice of America

Salan, Jennifer: Aljazeera International

Salkoff, Brooke Hart: NBC Newschannel

Sallstrom, Royce: CBN News

Saloomey, Kristen: Aljazeera International

Saltz, Michael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Salzman, Eric: CBS News

Sam, Borin: Radio Free Asia

Samaniego, Manuel: CNN

Sampaio, Frederico: C-SPAN

Sampy, David: Independent Television News (ITN)

Samuel, Maia: NBC News

Sanchez, George D.: ABC News

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sands, Tiffany: Belo Capital Bureau

Sanfuentes, Jose ``Antoine'': NBC News

Sankey, Jill: CNN

Sano, Jun: Fuji TV Japan

Santer, Sarah: Fox News

Santhuff, Bruce R.: Freelance

Santos, Jose G.: CNN

Sargent, Mark: WTTG-Fox Television

Sargent, Thayer: Freelance

Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

Sato, Keiichi: Nippon TV Network

Satterfield, John T.: Freelance

Savage, Chantell: NBC News

Savage, Craig: Fox News

Savoy, Gregory: Freelance

Scanlan, William: C-SPAN

Scanlon, Jason: Fox News

Scanlon, Mary: C-SPAN

Scarrah, Kathie: Freelance

Schaefer, Robert: National Public Radio

Schaff, Michael: CBN News

Schalch, Kathleen: National Public Radio

Schantz, Douglas N.: CNN

Schantz, Kristine: Channel One News

Scharf, Jason: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Scherer, David: CNN

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Schiavone, Louise: Freelance

Schieffer, Bob: CBS News

Schiff, Brian: Voice of America

Schiffner, Christine: German TV ARD

[[Page 1019]]

Schlachter, Terese: Freelance

Schlegel, Barry C.: CNN

Schleicher, Annie: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Schlenker, Aungthu: Radio Free Asia

Schloemer, Peter: Freelance

Schmidt Massey, Emily: WUSA-TV

Schneider, Avie: National Public Radio

Schneider, William: CNN

Schoenholtz, Howard: ABC News

Schoenmann, Donald: Freelance

Scholl, Christopher: NBC News

Schuiten, Jeroen: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Schule, James: East Coast Television

Schulken, Sonja Deaner: Tribune Broadcasting

Schultze, Franco: WZDC-TV

Schwandt, Kimberly: Hearst-Argyle Television

Schwartz, Sharona: CNN

Schwartz, Steve: ABC News

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Schweppe, Michael: National Public Radio

Sciammacco, Sara: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Scicchitano, Carmine: NBC News

Sckrabulis, David: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Scott, Graham: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Scott, Harry: Radio Free Asia

Scott, Ivan: KGO Radio

Scott, Linda: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Scott, Sarah: Freelance

Scritchfield, Andrew: NBC News

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Seabrook, Andrea: National Public Radio

Seabrook, Willliam: WETA

Seaby, Gregory: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Sears, Carl: NBC News

Seddon, Mark: Aljazeera International

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Segraves, Mark: WTOP Radio

Seidel, Stuart: National Public Radio

Seidman, Joel: NBC News

Seium, Michael: Aljazeera International

Selbach, Dunja: Freelance

Seldin, Jeff: Federal News Radio am 1050

Sellers, Bob: WTTG-Fox Television

Selma, Reginald G.: CNN

Sera, Frederick: ABC News

Serensits, Joseph: Freelance

Serper, Noelle: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Sesno, Frank: CNN

Seymour, Allison: WTTG-Fox Television

Seymour, Peter: CNN

Shaffir, Gregory: CBS News

Shaffir, Kimberlee: CBS News

Shakhov, Dmytro: RTVI/ECHO-TV

Shalhoup, Joseph: NBC News

Shan, Zijun: Radio Free Asia

Shand, Christina: Fox News

Shand, Susan: German TV ARD

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Shapiro, Ari: National Public Radio

Shapiro, Joseph: National Public Radio

Sharp, Meghan: Fox News

Shastri, Namgyal: Voice of America

Shaughnessy, Lawrence: CNN

Shaw, Benjamin: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Shaw, Cathy: National Public Radio

Shaw, Joseph: Hearst-Argyle Television

Shelton, Steve: Fox News

Shepherd, Sarah: CNN

Shepherd, Shawna: CNN

Sherwood, Tom: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Shi, Wei: New Tang Dynasty TV

Shikaki, Muna: Al Arabiya TV

Shim, Jaegu: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Shimada, Masaaki: TV Tokyo

Shimizu, Keisuke: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Shin, Kyung Youl: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Shine, Thomas Andrew: ABC News

Shipman, Claire: ABC News

Shively, Caroline: Fox News

Shlemon, Chris: Independent Television News (ITN)

Shoffner, Harry: BBC

Shogren, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Shon, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

Shortt, Robert: Irish Radio & TV (RTE)

Shott, Dave: Fox News

Shoup, Anna: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Showell, Andre: BET Nightly News

Shriver, Mike: Aljazeera International

Shukhin, Daniel: National Public Radio

Shull, Roger: Reuters Radio & TV

Shuman, Michael: National Public Radio

Shwe, Nyein: Radio Free Asia

Sicuranza (Kelley), Daniela: Fox News

Sides, James: Freelance

Siegel, Robert C.: National Public Radio

Siegfriedt, Anita: Fox News

Siegloch, Klaus-Peter: German TV ZDF

Sierra, Joann: CNN

Sikka, Madhulika: National Public Radio

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Sills, Cecil John: NBC Newschannel

Silman, III, Jimmie: WUSA-TV

Silva, Juan: CNN

Silva-Pinto, Lauren: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Silva-Pinto, Luis Fernando: TV Globo International

Silver, Darwin: WETA

Silver, David: Freelance

Silver, Diane: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Silverberg, Hank: WTOP Radio

Silverman, Art: National Public Radio

[[Page 1020]]

Silverstein, Matthew: Fox News

Silvia, Charpa: German Broadcasting Systems-ARD

Simeone, Nick: Fox News

Simeone, Ronald: NBC News

Simkin, Mark: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Simmons, Gregory: Fox News

Simmons, Sarah: WTTG-Fox Television

Simms, Jeffery: CNN

Simon, Neil: Fox News

Simon, Scott: National Public Radio

Simons, John: Aljazeera International

Simons, Leigh E.: ABC News

Simpson, Shelley A.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Sims, Jessica: NBC News

Singer, Lauren: NBC News

Singeri, Sonam Lhamo: Radio Free Asia

Sirait, Sondang: Voice of America

Sit, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Skeans, Ron: BBC

Skehan, Andrew: East Coast Television

Skehan, Michael: East Coast Television

Skehan, Patrick: East Coast Television

Skinner, Sylvia: East Coast Television

Skirble, Rosanne: Voice of America

Skokowski, Christopher: Fednet

Skomal, Paul: Freelance

Skyrmes, Vanessa: WZDC-TV

Slack, Mary Beth: Need To Know News

Slafka, Kristi: C-SPAN

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slewka, Stephanie: Freelance

Slie, Charles: Freelance

Sloane, Ward C.: CBS News

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Small, Matt: AP-Broadcast

Small, William: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Smith, Alison: Canadian Broadcasting Canada (CBC)

Smith, Anthony: Freelance

Smith, Ashley: Fox News

Smith, Christie: NBC Newschannel

Smith, Cynthia: ABC News

Smith, Graham: National Public Radio

Smith, Hedrick: Hedrick Smith Productions

Smith, James E.: ABC News

Smith, Jason H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, Jill: CNBC

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Michael J.: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Smith, Phillip: Aljazeera International

Smith, Raeshawn: CNN

Smith, Randolph: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Smith, Sarah: Independent Television News (ITN)

Smith, Sarah Mobley: National Public Radio

Smith, Scott D.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Smith, Shirley O'Bryan: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Skip: CNN

Smith, William: Belo Capital Bureau

Smith-Spark, Laura: BBC

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snow, Robbie B.: Washington Bureau News Service

Snyder, Catherine: WUSA-TV

Soe, Khin Maung: Radio Free Asia

Soe Win, Khin: Voice of America

Soh, June: Voice of America

Sohn, Jihun: Voice of America

Sok, Pov: Voice of America

Sokolova, Elena: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

Solangi, Murtaza: Voice of America

Solimani-Lezhnev, Andrey: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

Solodovnikov, Mikhail: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

Solomon, Kifle: Voice of America

Solorzano, Gilbert: Freelance

Som, Sattana: Radio Free Asia

Sorensen, Cali: Channel One News

Sorensen, Eric D.: Global TV Canada

Sorenson, Ben: C-SPAN

Sorenson, Randall: Freelance

Soucy, Peggy: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Southern, Joel: Alaska Public Radio Network

Southworth, Cal R.: National Public Radio

Sozio, George A.: Freelance

Spagnolo, Andrew: Potomac Television

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Spector, Teresa: Fox News

Speer, Jack: National Public Radio

Speights, Eric: ABC News

Speiser, Matthew: CNN

Spellman, Jim: CNN

Spence, Patrick: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Spencer, Darcy: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sperry, Jennifer Businger: CNN

Sperry, Todd: CNN

Spevak, Joe: WTTG-Fox Television

Spiegler, Theodore: Freelance

Spinelli, Paul: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Spire, Richard H.: CBS News

Spiro, David: Freelance

Spoerry, Philip Scott: CNN

Sponder, Myron: Talk Radio News Service

St. James, Gregory: C-SPAN

St. John, Jonathan: CNN

Stafford-Walter, Michael: WUSA-TV

Stahl, Steven: CNN

Stakelbeck, Erick: CBN News

Stamberg, Susan: National Public Radio

Stanford, Dave: CBS News

Stang, Tim: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Stanke, Donald E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Starks, Bill: WUSA-TV

Starling, Alison: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

[[Page 1021]]

Starling, Guy: NBC News

Staton, Thomas M.: Freelance

Statter, David: WUSA-TV

Stay, Daniel J.: Fox News

Stead, Scott: CNN

Stearns, Scott: Voice of America

Stebbins, William: Aljazeera International

Steele, Andrew: BBC

Stefany, Steve: ABC News

Steib, Aspen: CNN

Steinhauser, Paul: CNN

Stemple, Lexi: Fox News

Stencil, Meredith: CBS News

Stephanopoulos, George: ABC News

Sterling, Vaughn: CNN

Stern, Mitchell: AP-Broadcast

Stevenson, Carrie: CNN

Stevenson, James: Voice of America

Stevenson, Louis: WTTG-Fox Television

Stewart, Andrew: SRN News (Salem)

Stewart, Norman: C-SPAN

Stewart, Robin: Ventana Productions

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stoddard, Mark S.: Freelance

Stoddard, Rick: C-SPAN

Stok, Silvester: RTV Slovenija

Stokes, William: BET Nightly News

Stone, Carolyn: CNN

Stone, Evie: National Public Radio

Stoner, Matt: C-SPAN

Stout, Matthew: Fox News

Strachan, Jason: CNN

Strand, Paul: CBN News

Straub, Matthew: Freelance

Straub, Terry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Streeter, James: NBC News

Streitfeld, Rachel: Freelance

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Strickler, Laura: CBS News

Stringer, Ashley: CNBC

Stuart, Jessica C.: ABC News

Stuart, Matthew: ABC News

Stubblefield, Abraham: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Styles, Julian: CNN

Suarez, Fernando J.: CBS News

Suarez, Rafael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Suddeth, James: Freelance

Suddeth, Rick: Freelance

Sughroue, Jon: NBC News

Sulasma, Olli-Pekka: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Sullivan, Laura: National Public Radio

Sullivan, Megan: National Public Radio

Sullivan, Robert: NBC News

Sullivan, Sharon: Ventana Productions

Sullivan, Virginia L.: National Public Radio

Sum, Sok Ry: Radio Free Asia

Summers, Elizabeth: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Summers, Patrick: Fox News

Sumrell, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Surbey, Jason: C-SPAN

Sutherland, Leigh: NBC News

Suto, Ena: TV Asahi

Sutton, Todd: NBC Newschannel

Svolopoulos, Christina: Fox News

Swain, Bethany: CNN

Swain, Susan: C-SPAN

Swain, Todd: Mobile Video Services, LTD

Swan, Sean: Independent Television News (ITN)

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Curtis: C-SPAN

Swann, Michael: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sweeney, Charles: CNN

Sweeney, Robert: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sweetapple, Dan: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Sylvester, Lisa: CNN

Syrjanen, Janne: Aljazeera International

Tabaar, Mohammed: BBC

Tait, Ted: BBC

Tallo, Cara: National Public Radio

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Radio & TV

Tang, Yun: Radio Free Asia

Tannen, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Tapper, Jake: ABC News

Taring, Tenor: Radio Free Asia

Tashi, Yeshi: Radio Free Asia

Tasillo, Mary Ellen: Fox News

Tate, Deborah: Voice of America

Tate, Tiffany: BET Nightly News

Tatton, Abbi: CNN

Tavcar, Erik: Channel One News

Taylor, Allyson Ross: CBS News

Taylor, Dan: CNN

Taylor, Darren: Voice of America

Taylor, Eric S.: ABC News

Taylor, John: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Teboe, Mark: Aljazeera International

Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

Tejerina, Pilar: Aljazeera International

Tendencia, Editha: Freelance

Tennent, Gerald W.: National Public Radio

Teply, Marcus: Freelance

Teranishi, Kenji: Nippon TV Network

Teron, Racheel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Terrell, William B.: ABC News

Terry, David: SRN News (Salem)

Terry, Janet: WUSA-TV

Tevault, Neil David: National Public Radio

Thai, Xuan: CNN

Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

Thang, Truong D.: Radio Free Asia

Theall, David J.: CNN

Thery, Samara: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

[[Page 1022]]

Thomas, Amy Jo: ABC News

Thomas, Christopher: Community TV of PG'S

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas, Gary: Voice of America

Thomas, Michael: Freelance

Thomas, Pierre G.: ABC News

Thomas, Renu: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Thomas, Sharahn: National Public Radio

Thomas, Shari: Freelance

Thomas, Will: WTTG-Fox Television

Thomas III, James B.: CNN

Thompson, James: C-SPAN

Thompson, Jerry: CNN

Thompson, Kelly: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Thompson, Lisa: CNN

Thompson, Nick: NBC News

Thompson, Ron: Radio One

Thompson, Jr., Joseph: Freelance

Thorne, C. Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Thornton, Ronald: NBC News

Thuman, Scott: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Till, Morgan: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Tiller, Arthur: C-SPAN

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillette, David: WETA

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Ai: Nippon TV Network

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Timmermann, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tinn, San San: Radio Free Asia

Tipper, William: CNN

Todd, Brian: CNN

Todd, Chuck: NBC News

Todd, Deborah: Freelance

Tofani, Jeff: Voice of America

Tokman, Roman: Russia Today Television

Toman, George: Freelance

Toms, Sarah: BBC

Topgyal, Benpa: Radio Free Asia

Torgerson, Ande: Fox News

Torlone, Lauren: CNN

Torpey, Robert: Fox News

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Touhey, Emmanuel: C-SPAN

Toulouse, Anne: Radio France Internationale

Tovarek, Steve: CNN

Trainor, Thomas: Eurovision Amerricas, Inc.

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Trauzzi, Monica: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Travers, Karen Lynn: ABC News

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Trengrove, James: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

Truong, Thang Dinh: Radio Free Asia

Trylch, Jeremy: East Coast Television

Tschida, Stephen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Tso, Dorjee: Radio Free Asia

Tsou, Chris: Ventana Productions

Tucker, Bill: CNN

Tucker, Danette: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Tucker, Elke: German TV ZDF

Tugan, Birusk: Voice of America

Tuggle, Michael D.: Freelance

Tully, Andrew: Radio Free Europe

Tuma, Firas: ATN Productions, LTD

Tuohey, Kenneth: CNN

Tureck, Matthew: NBC Newschannel

Turkevich, Elizabeth: Channel One News

Turner, Al Douglas: Freelance

Turner, Chris: CNN

Turner, Patricia: Fox News

Turner, Renee: Freelance

Turnham, Steve: CNN

Turrell, Elizabeth Ann: ABC News

Tuss, Adam: WTOP Radio

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Twigg, Jonathan: BBC

Tyler, Brett: CNN

Tyler, Thomas: Channel One News

Uchimiya, Ellen: Fox News

Uhl, Kim: CNN

Ulery, Brad: Freelance

Uliano, Richard J.: CNN

Ulloa, Victor: CBS News

Ulmer, Kenya S.: CNN

Umrani, Anthony R.: CNN

Unger, Barry: Voice of America

Urbina, Luis: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Ure, Laurie: CNN

Ureta, Juan E.: Freelance

Usaeva, Nadia: Radio Free Asia

Uyehara, Otto Kenneth: WETA

Vail, Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Valdez, Ariel: National Public Radio

Valentine, Vikki: National Public Radio

Van Cleave, Kristopher:WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Van de Mark, Ellen: NBC News

van der Laan, Nanette: Freelance

Van Dyk, Peter: BBC

Van Horn, Allan: NBC News

Van Susteren, Greta: Fox News

Van Vleet, Peter: AP-Broadcast

Van Winkle, Saadia: Community TV of PG'S

VanArsdale, Vicki: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Vance, Denise: AP-Broadcast

Vance, Lauren: WUSA-TV

Vanderveen, Paul: Freelance

Vaquer, Veronica: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Vargo, David: AP-Broadcast

Vasa, Sampath: WETA

Vaughan, Vincent: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

[[Page 1023]]

Vega, Fernando: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Venkataraman, Nitya K.: ABC News

Vennell, Vicki A.: ABC News

Venuto, Anthony: East Coast Television

Verdugo, Adam: NBC News

Veronelli, Alessio: Swiss Broadcasting

Vestal, Christine: STATELINE.ORG

Vicario, Virginia A.: ABC News

Vicary, Lauren: NBC News

Vidushi, Vidushi: Voice of America

Vigran, Anna: National Public Radio

Vila, Xavier: Catalunya Radio

Villone Garcia, Patricia: Community TV of PG'S

Vinson, Bryce: Fox News

Viqueira, Michael: NBC News

Visioli, Todd: Fox News

Visley, Andrew G.: AP-Broadcast

Vitorovich, Susan: NBC News

Vizcarra, Mario: Univision

Vlahos, Kelley Beaucar: Fox News

Vlamis, Becky: National Public Radio

Vock, Daniel: STATELINE.ORG

Voegeli, Peter: Swiss Broadcasting

Vohar, Den: AP-Broadcast

Volk, Kristin: Potomac Television

Volkov, Dmitri: N-TV News Television

Volskiy, Anton: N-TV News Television

von Goihmann, Nikolai: Freelance

von Trotha, Dorothea: German TV ZDF

Voth, Charles: WETA

Vu, Pauline: STATELINE.ORG

Vu, Tu H.: CNN

Vukmer, David: NBC News

Vurnis, Ambrose: Tribune Broadcasting

Waghorn, Noel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wagner, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Wahl, Tracy: National Public Radio

Wait, Kevin: National Public Radio

Walch, Jennifer: ABC News

Walde, Thomas: German TV ZDF

Waldon, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Wali, Kurban: Radio Free Asia

Walker, Darius: CNN

Walker, Jackie Lyn: Freelance

Walker, James William:WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Walker, Kevin: AP-Broadcast

Walker, Tom: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Walker, William: CBS News

Wallace, Chris: Fox News

Wallace, John L.: Fox News

Wallace, Roger: Belo Capital Bureau

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Carly: CNN

Walsh, Deirdre: CNN

Walsh, Mary: CBS News

Walton, Lindsey: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Walz, Mark: CNN

Wang, Jin: Aljazeera International

Wang, Pei: Radio Free Asia

Wang, Taofeng: Phoenix Satellite Television

Wang, Wendy: Talk Radio News Service

Waqfi, Wajd: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Ward, Derrick: Freelance

Warmerdam, Sander: NOS Dutch Public Radio & TV (VRT)

Warner, Craig: CBS News

Warner, Margaret: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Warner, Tarik: Freelance

Wasey, Adnaan: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Chelsea: Fox News

Washington, Erick: CBS News

Washington, Ervin: Nightly Business Report

Washington Anderson, Robert: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wasserman, Amanda: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Waters, Hunter: CNN

Watkins, Duane: WTTG-Fox Television

Watrel, Jane: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Watrud, Don: WTTG-Fox Television

Watson, Carline: National Public Radio

Watson, Walter: National Public Radio

Watts, Andrew M.: National Public Radio

Watts, Michael: CNN

Weakly, David: NBC News

Weaver, David: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Webb, David: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Webb, Justin: BBC

Webster, Aaron: Freelance

Weglarczyk, Izabela: Polish Radio (ESKA)

Wegner, Thomas: German TV ARD

Wehinger, Amy: Fox News

Weidenbosch, Glenn E.: ABC News

Weiner, Eric: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Weiner, Eric: National Public Radio

Weinfeld, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Weinstein, Richard: C-SPAN

Weisbrod, Eric: CNN

Weiss, Brian: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Welch, Joanna: C-SPAN

Weldon, Jody: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Weller, George D.: Freelance

Wells Shott, Courtney: Fox News

Welna, David: National Public Radio

Welsh, Meghan: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Werdel, Paul: BBC

Werner, Theresa: AP-Broadcast

Werschkul, Benjamin: The New York Times on the Web

Wertheimer, Linda: National Public Radio

Westhead, James: BBC

Westley, Brian: AP-Broadcast

Whitaker, Morgan: NBC News

White, Douglas: ABC News

[[Page 1024]]

White, Edward: Tribune Broadcasting

White, Katherine: CBS News

White, Kenneth: CNN

White, Mark: Freelance

Whiteside, John P.: Freelance

Whitley, John H.: CBS News

Whitley, Walter: Fox News

Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

Whittemore, Megan: Freelance

Whittington, Christopher: NBC News

Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

Wiedenbauer, Heidi: Cox Broadcasting

Wiesen, Stefan: Freelance

Wiggins, Christopher: NBC Newschannel

Wik, Snorre: Aljazeera International

Wilcox, Yuni: Voice of America

Wildman, Jim: National Public Radio

Wilk, Wendy: Hearst-Argyle Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkins, Tracee: Freelance

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Williams, Arin: Community TV of PG'S

Williams, Ashton: AP-Broadcast

Williams, Candace: Voice of America

Williams, Clarence: CNN

Williams, Colleen: Fox News

Williams, David: Freelance

Williams, Derek: WTOP Radio

Williams, Jeffrey L.: Cox Broadcasting

Williams, John: Fox News

Williams, John Flawn: National Public Radio

Williams, Juan: National Public Radio

Williams, Keith: WUSA-TV

Williams, Kelia: Aljazeera International

Williams, Kenneth E.: CBS News

Williams, Louis ``Pete'': NBC News

Williams, Robert T.: NBC News

Williamson, Van: National Public Radio

Willingham, Val: Freelance

Willis, Anne Marie: Fox News

Willis, Judith: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Wilp, Christian: N-TV News Television

Wilson, Brenda: National Public Radio

Wilson, Brian: Fox News

Wilson, G. Edwin: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wilson, Mark: Freelance

Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

Wilson, Toni: ABC News

Wiltermood, James: Potomac Television

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Winerman, Lea: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Winslow, David: AP-Broadcast

Winslow, Linda: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Winter, Joerg: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Winters, Ronald: Freelance

Wische, Aaron: WTTG-Fox Television

Wisniewski, Walter: Voice of America

Witte, Joel: WTTG-Fox Television

Witten, Robert: NBC News

Wittstock, Melinda: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Wodele, Greta: C-SPAN

Wolf, Zachary B.: ABC News

Wolfe, Lisa: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Wolfe, Randy: NBC Newschannel

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Scott: WTTG-Fox Television

Wolfson-Stevenson, Paula: Voice of America

Won, Il Hee: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Wood, Audrey: CBS News

Wood, Barry: Voice of America

Wood, Christopher: C-SPAN

Woodruff, Judy: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Woodward, Thom J.: National Public Radio

Wordock, Colleen: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Wordock, John: Marketwatch

Wright, Dale: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wright, James: Aljazeera International

Wright, Kelly: Fox News

Wright, Tracey Marie: Freelance

Wu, Po L.: Freelance

Wu Chung, Eileen: Channel One News

Wulff, John Werner: ABC News

Wygal, Scott: NBC News

Xavier, Wilkins: Aljazeera International

Xia, Amy: New Tang Dynasty TV

Xiang, Dong: New Tang Dynasty TV

Xie, Jiao Christine: Phoenix Satellite Television

Xie, Yanmei: Free Speech Radio News

Xu, Jinglu: New TAng Dynasty TV

Yack, Angie: AP-Broadcast

Yaklyvich, Brian: CNN

Yam, Raymond: Voice of America

Yamada, Mio: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Yamada, Nancy M.: WUSA-TV

Yang, Carter: CBS News

Yang, Chunfang: New Tang Dynasty TV

Yang, Eun: Freelance

Yang, John: NBC News

Yang, Lian-Hwa: Freelance

Yang, Sungwon: Radio Free Asia

Yarborough, Rick: WTTG-Fox Television

Yarmuth, Floyd: CNN

Yates, H. William: CBS News

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio

Yee Gaffney, Suzanne: AP-Broadcast

Yeshi, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Yeung, Richard: NBC News

Yi, Hyun Joo: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Yianopoulos, Karen: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Yoon, Robert: CNN

Yoon, Yong Chul: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

[[Page 1025]]

Young, Jeremy: Aljazeera International

Young, Melissa A.: ABC News

Young, Robert Latimer: C-SPAN

Young, Saundra: CNN

Young Jr., Jerome: CBN News

Young-Kweon, Kim: Voice of America

Yousef, Dania: Freelance

Yu, Annie: WTTG-Fox Television

Yu, John: New Tang Dynasty TV

Yuille, Jennifer: NBC News

Yun, Jei Choon: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Zaidi, Huma: NBC News

Zairi, Said: ATN Productions, LTD

Zajko, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Zalewski, Anna: Voice of America

Zang, Guohua: CTI-TV (Taiwan)

Zariquiey, Juan Pablo: WZDC-TV

Zarpas, Stephanie: CBS News

Zavarce, Pedro: CNN

Zaw Nyunt, Kyaw: Voice of America

Zayed, Nahedah: Aljazeera International

Zderic, Srdjan: Aljazeera International

Zechar, David: ABC News

Zeffler, Marcus: BBC

Zervos, Stratis: Freelance

Zibel, Eve: Fox News

Ziegler, Albrecht: German Public Radio (ARD)

Zillich, Jose: Aljazeera International

Zin, Min: Radio Free Asia

Zingarelli, Megan: CNN

Zosso, Elizabeth: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Zurkhang, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Zwillich, Todd: Capitol News Connection (CNC)


