

Congressional Directory for the 115th Congress (2017-2018), July 2018. - 


Congressional Directory for the 115th Congress (2017-2018), July 2018.
[Pages 459-465]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE HOUSE

                          OFFICE OF THE SPEAKER

             H-232 The Capitol, phone 225-0600, fax 225-5117

Speaker of the House of Representatives.--Paul D. Ryan.
    Chief of Staff.--Jonathan Burks.
        Deputy Chief of Staff.--Andy Speth.
    Counselor.--Brendan Buck.
    Policy Director.--Austin Smythe.
    Director of Administration.--Kristene Blake.
    Director of Scheduling.--Maureen Mitchell.
        Deputy Directory of Scheduling.--Tory Wickiser.
        Special Assistant to the Speaker.--Will Miller.
    Director of House Operations.--Jennifer Hemingway.
    Press Secretaries: Doug Andres, AshLee Strong.
        Deputy Press Secretary.--Molly Edwards.
    Director of Media Affairs.--Jenna Sakwa.
    Communications Director.--Mike Ricci.
        Deputy Communications Director.--Julia Slingsby.
    Communications Advisor.--Michael Shapiro.
    Digital Communications Director.--Caleb Smith.
    Director of Special Events and Protocol.--Seton Easby-Smith.
    Special Events Staff Assistant.--Carah Goldoust.
    Member Services Director.--Tom Andrews.
    Directors, Information Technology: Billy Benjamin, Merrick Munday.
    General Counsel.--Mark Epley.
    Floor Director.--Hugh Halpern.
        Deputy Floor Director.--Nicole Foltz.
    Floor Assistants: Sarah Coyle, Jamie Gillespie, Ryan O'Toole, Katie 
        Pointer.
    Cloakroom Director.--Jared Eichhorn.
    Assistants to the Speaker for Policy: Geoff Antell, George Callas, 
        Jeff Dressler, Cindy Herrle, Casey Higgins, Matt Hoffman, Ted 
        McCann, Kiel Weaver.
    Coalitions Coordinators: Derrick Dockery, Joshua Althouse.
    Staff Assistants: Peter Castine, Andrew Letsch, Vanessa VandeHey.

                      OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY LEADER

             H-107 The Capitol, phone 225-4000, fax 225-0781

Majority Leader.--Kevin McCarthy.
    Chief of Staff.--Barrett Karr.
    Deputy Chief of Staff and Counsel.--James Min.
    Director of Communications.--Matt Sparks.
    Director of Floor Operations.--John Leganski.
    Director of Legislative Operations.--Kelly Dixon.
    Director of Member Services.--Natalie Buchanan.
    Policy Director.--Will Dunham.
    Senior Policy Advisors:  Brandon Consolvo, Roger Mahan, Katie Meyer, 
        Luke Murry.
    Executive Assistant.--Kristin Stipicevic.
    Scheduler.--Alexandra Gourdikian.
    Press Secretary.--Erin Perrine.
    Floor Assistant.--Chris Bien.
    Speechwriter and Conservative Coalitions Advisor.--Alec Torres.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Drew Florio.

[[Page 460]]

    Special Assistant.--Preston Hill.
    Staff Assistants: Devin Gerzof, Joe Picozzi.

                       OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY WHIP

                    H-329 The Capitol, phone 225-0197

Majority Whip.--Steve Scalise.
    Chief of Staff.--Brett Horton.
    Chief Deputy Whip.--Patrick T. McHenry.
    Chief of Staff to the Chief Deputy Whip.--Parker Poling.
    Floor Director.--Matt Bravo.
    Coalitions Coordinator.--Kelley Hudak.
    Policy Director.--Bill Hughes.
    Legislative Counsel.--Marty Reiser.
    Communications Director.--Chris Bond.
    Member Services Director.--Bart Reising.
    Policy Advisors: Andrew Cavazos, Dan Sadlosky, Jeff Wieand.
    Scheduler.--Ellen Gosnell.
    Press Secretary.--Lauren Fine.
    Deputy Floor Director.--Chris Hodgson.
    Assistant to the Chief of Staff.--Andrew Cavazos.
    Director of Operations.--Bart Reising.
    Staff Assistants: Miller Lewis, Dennis Nalls.
    Special Assistant.--David Planning.
    Floor Assistant.--Ben Napier.

                     OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER

             H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100, fax 225-4188

                        www.democraticleader.gov

Office of the Democratic Leader.--Hon. Nancy Pelosi.
    Chief of Staff.--Nadeam Elshami.
    Chief of Staff (CA08 Office).--Robert Edmonson, 235 CHOB, 225-4965.
    Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Diane Dewhirst, George Kundanis.
    Counsel to the Democratic Leader.--Bernie Raimo, 225-0100.
    Special Assistants to the Democratic Leader: Emily Berret, Bina 
        Surgeon.
    Assistant to the Executive Office.--Savannah Polzin.
    Co-Directors of Correspondence: Robyn Lea, David Silverman, 421 
        Cannon, 225-0100.
    Director of Scheduling and Advance.--Kelsey Smith.
    Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Nathaniel Holmes.
    Policy Director.--Dick Meltzer.
    Policy Advisor.--Michael Tecklenburg.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Kenneth DeGraff, Katherine Monge, Wyndee 
        Parker, Wendell Primus.
    Senior Advance Policy and Communications.--Margaret Capron.
    Director of Member Services.--Jaime Lizarraga.
    Director of Floor Operations.--Keith Stern.
    Senior Advisor for Member Services and Floor.--Michael Long.
    Member Services Advisor.--Julius West.
    Director of Protocol and Special Events.--Kate Knudson.
    IT Director.--Wil Haynes, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy IT Director.--Kamilah Keita, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Outreach.--Reva Price.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S PRESS OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Deputy Chief of Staff.--Drew Hammill.
    Communications Director.--Ashley Etienne.
    Senior Communications Advisor.--Caroline Behringer.

[[Page 461]]

    Press Secretary.--Taylor Griffin.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Joy Lee.
    Director of Media Affairs.--Stephanie Cherry.
    Director of Research.--April Greener.
    Director of Speechwriting.--Henry Connelly.
    Deputy Director of Speechwriting.--Shana Mansbach.
    Digital Director.--Dylan Gibson.
    Digital Manager and Director of Hispanic Media.--Julio Obscura.
    Senior Press Assistant.--Elena Kuhn.
    Press Assistant.--Christina Wilkes.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S FLOOR OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Director of Floor Operations.--Jerry Hartz.

                      OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC WHIP

             H-148 The Capitol, phone 225-3130, fax 226-0663

Democratic Whip.--Steny H. Hoyer.
    Chief of Staff.--Alexis Covey-Brandt.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--Brian Romick.
    Director of Legislative Operations.--Shuwanza Goff.
    Deputy Floor Director.--Danielle Aviles.
    Floor Assistant.--Ray Salazar.
    Director of Member Services.--Courtney Fry.
    Deputy Director of Member Services and Outreach Advisor.--Claudia 
        Urrabazo.
    Communications Director.--Katie Grant.
    Press Secretary.--Mariel Saez.
    Press and Research Assistant.--Margaret Mulkerrin.
    Speechwriter.--Adam Weissmann.
    Policy Director.--Tom Mahr.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Keith Abouchar, Trent Bauserman, James 
        Leuschen, Char MacDonald, Daniel Silverberg.
    Office Manager / Executive Assistant.--Deborah Rowe.
    Director of Scheduling and Special Events.--Jordan Sugar-Carlsgaard.
    Special Assistant.--Joseph Cortina.
    Digital Director and Policy Advisor.--Steve Dwyer.
    Staff Assistants: Jake Bayer, Sara Margolis.

                OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT DEMOCRATIC LEADER

                     132 The Capitol, phone 226-3210

               http://assistantdemocraticleader.house.gov

Assistant Democratic Leader.--James E. Clyburn.
    Chief of Staff.--Yelberton R. Watkins.
    Director of Policy.--Ashli Palmer.
    Communications Director.--Patrick Devlin.
    Senior Advisor.--Amy Miller Pfeiffer.
    Legislative Director and Counsel.--Craig Link.
    Special Assistant to the Assistant Democratic Leader.--Tamika Day.

                           OFFICE OF THE CLERK

                    H-154 The Capitol, phone 225-7000

    KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the House of Representatives; Karen Lehman 
Haas, a native of Catonsville, MD, was sworn in as Clerk of the House of 
Representatives on January 5, 2011. She is the 34th individual to serve 
as Clerk. This is Ms. Haas' second occupancy of this position--in 2005, 
Speaker J. Dennis Hastert appointed Ms. Haas as Clerk of the U.S. House 
of Representatives. As Clerk, Ms. Haas plays a central role in the daily 
operations

[[Page 462]]

and legislative activities of the House. Ms. Haas began her service on 
Capitol Hill in 1984, when she worked for then-Minority Leader Robert H. 
Michel. For nearly 11 years, she served as his Executive Legislative 
Assistant. Following a brief leave to work in the private sector, Ms. 
Haas returned to Capitol Hill in June 1999 to serve as Floor Assistant 
to Speaker Hastert. Following her first term as Clerk, she served as 
Executive Director of the House Republican Conference and Minority Staff 
Director for the House Small Business Committee. Ms. Haas attended 
public schools in Maryland and received a bachelor's degree from the 
University of Maryland, College Park, with a major in political science 
and a minor in economics.

Clerk.--Karen L. Haas.
    Deputy Clerk.--Robert F. Reeves.
    Senior Advisor.--Marjorie ``Gigi'' Kelaher.
    Chief of:
        Legislative Computer Systems.--Scott Kim, 2401 RHOB, 225-1182.
        Legislative Operations.--Frances Chiappardi, HT-13, 225-7925.
        Legislative Resource Center.--Ronald Dale Thomas, 135 CHOB, 226-
            5200.
        Art and Archives.--Farar Elliott, 5140 OFOB, 226-1300.
        Communications.--Catherine Cooke, 5120 OFOB, 225-1908.
        House Employment Counsel.--Gloria Lett, 4300 OFOB, 225-7075.
    Official Reporter.--Melinda Walker, HT-59, The Capitol, 225-5621.

                      CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

                    HB-28 The Capitol, phone 225-5555

    PHILIP G. KIKO, Chief Administrative Officer of the House of 
Representatives, is a native of Canton, Ohio, was nominated by Speaker 
Paul Ryan, and elected to serve as the Chief Administrative Officer 
effective August 1, 2016. As CAO, Mr. Kiko is responsible for the 
information technology, financial, logistical, human resources, and 
procurement services provided to Members of the U.S. House and their 
staff. Mr. Kiko began his service on Capitol Hill with Representative 
Jim Sensenbrenner (WI-5) as Legislative Director and later served as his 
Chief of Staff. Mr. Kiko has also worked in the Executive Branch at the 
Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights and at the Department 
of Interior's Office of Legislative Affairs, Office of Budget and 
Program Resources Management, and Office of Hearings and Appeals. In 
1995, he returned to Capitol Hill as Associate Administrator of 
Procurement and Purchasing at the newly formed CAO. Mr. Kiko was called 
again to serve then-Chairman Jim Sensenbrenner as Deputy Staff Director 
for the House Committee on Science and then as General Counsel and Chief 
of Staff for the House Committee on the Judiciary. He has also served as 
Staff Director and General Counsel of the Committee on House 
Administration and the House Select Committee on Benghazi.
    In addition to his extensive Capitol Hill experience, Mr. Kiko 
served as ``Of Counsel'' at the Washington, DC law firm Foley & Lardner, 
LLC and Vice Chairman of the Smith-Free Group. He is a graduate of Mount 
Union College in Alliance, Ohio and George Mason University School of 
Law. Mr. Kiko is a Member of the D.C. Bar, the Virginia State Bar, and 
the United States Court of Appeals for both the Federal Circuit and the 
D.C. circuit.

Chief Administrative Officer.--Philip Kiko.
    Deputy Chief Administrative Officer.--John Clocker, HB-28, The 
        Capitol.
    Chief of Staff.--Anne Binsted, HB-28, The Capitol.
    Chief Financial Officer.--Traci Beaubian, 3140, OHOB.
    Chief Human Resources Officer.--John Salamone, H2-102, FHOB.
    Chief Information Officer.--Catherine Szpindor, H2-631, FHOB.
    Chief Logistics Officer.--Tom Coyne, WA-34, RHOB.
    Chief Procurement Officer.--Lisa Grant, 5110, OHOB.
    Administrative Counsel.--Christopher Brewster, H2-217, FHOB.


[[Page 463]]



                                CHAPLAIN

             HB-25 The Capitol, phone 225-2509, fax 226-4928

    PATRICK J. CONROY, S.J., Chaplain, House of Representatives, 
residence, Portland, OR; a Jesuit of the Oregon Province of the Society 
of Jesus, graduated from Claremont McKenna College in CA in 1972, 
attended Gonzaga University Law School for one year before entering the 
Jesuit Order in 1973. Earned an M.A. in philosophy from Gonzaga 
University, a J.D. from St. Louis University, an M.Div. from the Jesuit 
School of Theology at Berkeley (CA), and an STM from Regis College of 
the University of Toronto in missiology. Practiced law for the Colville 
Confederated Tribes in Omak, WA, and the U.S. Conference of Catholic 
Bishops, representing Salvadoran refugees in San Francisco. Ordained a 
priest in 1983. From 1984 to 1989, pastored four villages on the 
Colville and Spokane Indian Reservations. Worked for the national Jesuit 
Office of Social Ministries in Washington, DC, then began a career of 
university chaplaincy at Georgetown University and Seattle University. 
In 2003 transferred to Jesuit High School in Portland, OR, to teach 
freshman theology and coach the mighty JV II girls' softball team. Also 
served as the Oregon Province's Provincial Assistant for Formation and 
as superior of the Jesuit community at Jesuit High School in Portland. 
Sworn in as 60th House Chaplain on May 25, 2011.

Chaplain of the House.--Patrick J. Conroy, S.J.
    Assistant to the Chaplain / Liaison to Staff.--Karen Bronson.

                      OFFICE OF THE HOUSE HISTORIAN

              5150 O'Neill Office Building, phone 226-1300

    http://history.house.gov; history@mail.house.gov; @UShousehistory

House Historian.--Matthew Wasniewski.
    Associate Historian.--Ken Kato.
    Director--Office of House Historian Staff.--Erin M. Hromada.
    Manager of Oral History.--Kathleen Johnson.

                  OFFICE OF INTERPARLIAMENTARY AFFAIRS

                      HC-4 Capitol, phone 226-1766

Director.--Janice Robinson.
    Assistant Director.--Vacant.

                      OFFICE OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN

                    H-166 The Capitol, phone 225-5421

          (After office hours, call Capitol Operator 224-2145)

Attending Physician.--Dr. Brian P. Monahan.
    Chief of Staff.--Keith Pray.

                       OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

            H2-386 Ford House Office Building, phone 226-1250

Inspector General.--Michael T. Ptasienski.
    Deputy Inspector General, Advisory and Administrative Services.--
        Vacant.
    Deputy Inspector General, Audit and Investigative Services.--Debbie 
        B. Hunter.
    Director of Support Services.--R. Terry Upshur.
    Assistant Director, Finance and Administration.--Susan Kozubski.
    Assistant Director, Technology and Quality Assurance.--Steven 
        Johnson.
    Administrative Assistant.--Deborah E. Jones.
    Director, Performance and Financial Audits, and Investigative 
        Services.--Susan Simpson.
    Assistant Director, Performance Audits and Investigative Services.--
        Julie Poole.
    Assistant Director, Performance and Financial Audits.--Christen 
        Stevenson.

[[Page 464]]

    Auditors: Ronnette Bailey, Nicole Loutsenhizer, Alexander Stewart.
    Director, Information Systems Audits.--Gregory Roberts.
    Assistant Directors, Information Systems Audits: Michael Howard, 
        Clifton Persaud.
    Auditors: Emmanuel Akowuah, Keith Sullenberger.
    Director, Management and Advisory Services.--Joseph C. Picolla.
    Assistant Directors: Saad Patel, Donna Wolfgang.
    Management Analysts: Kevin Cornell, Terry Leahy, David DeMarco.

                   OFFICE OF THE LAW REVISION COUNSEL

 H2-308 Ford House Office Building, 20515-6711, phone 226-2411, fax 225-
                                  0010

Law Revision Counsel.--Ralph V. Seep.
    Deputy Counsel.--Robert M. Sukol.
    Senior Counsels: Brian Lindsey, Kenneth I. Paretzky, John F. Wagner, 
        Jr.
    Assistant Counsels: Joseph Cohen, Michelle Evans, Katrina M. Hall, 
        Katherine L. Lane, Deborah Letz, Edward T. Mulligan, Michele K. 
        Skarvelis, Lindsey Skouras.
    Staff Assistants: Sylvia Tahirkheli, Monica Thompson.
    Printing Editor.--Robert E. Belcher.
    Senior Systems Engineer.--Eric Loach.
    Systems Engineer.--Kenneth Thomas.

                    OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

            H2-337 Ford House Office Building, phone 225-6060

Legislative Counsel.--Ernest Wade Ballou, Jr.
    Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Sherry L. Chriss.
    Senior Counsels: Douglass Bellis, Paul Callen, Lisa Daly, Susan 
        Fleishman, Rosemary Gallagher, Edward Grossman, James Grossman, 
        Curt Haensel, Jean Harmann, Gregory M. Kostka, Hank Savage, Mark 
        Synnes, Robert Weinhagen, Noah Wofsy.
    Counsels: Marshall Barksdale, Hallet Brazelton, Warren Burke, Thomas 
        Cassidy, Megan Chasnoff, Henry Christrup, Jesse Cross, Thomas 
        Dillon, Mathew Eckstein, Justin Gross, Alison Hartwich, Kakuti 
        Lin, Christopher Osborne, Scott Probst, Hadley Ross, Anthony 
        Sciascia, Jessica Shapiro, Anna Shpak, Michelle Vanek, Sally 
        Walker, Brady Young.
    Assistant Counsels: Karen Anderson, Lisa Castillo, Kenneth Cox, 
        Kimberly Faith, Brendan Gallagher, Lucy Wolfe Goss, Stephen 
        Hagenbuch, Karl Hagnauer, Fiona Heckscher, Kalyani 
        Parthasarathy, Veena Srinivasa, Kathryn Swiss.
    Office Administrator.--Nancy McNeillie.
    Assistant Office Administrator.--Debra Birch.
    Director, Information Systems.--Willie Blount.
    Senior Systems Analyst.--Peter Szwec.
    Systems Administrator.--David Topper.
    Publications Coordinator.--Craig Sterkx.
    Office Managerial Assistant.--Ashley Anderson.
    Staff Assistants / Paralegals: Elonda Blount, Kelly Meryweather, Tom 
        Meryweather.
    Staff Assistants: Joseph Birch, Tomas Contreras, Miekl Joyner, 
        Matthew Loggie, Angelina Plater.

                      OFFICE OF THE PARLIAMENTARIAN

                    H-209 The Capitol, phone 225-7373

Parliamentarian.--Thomas J. Wickham, Jr.
    Deputy Parliamentarian.--Ethan B. Lauer.
        Assistant Parliamentarians: Julia C. Cook, Anne D. Gooch, Kyle 
            T. Jones, Jason A. Smith.
        Clerk to the Parliamentarian.--Lloyd A. Jenkins.
            Assistant Clerk to the Parliamentarian.--Kristen B. Donahue.
    Precedent Consultant.--Charles W. Johnson III.
    Precedent Editors: Catherine A. Moran, Andrew S. Neal, Max A. 
        Spitzer.
    Information Technology Manager.--Bryan J. Feldblum.


[[Page 465]]



                     OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

                    H-124 The Capitol, phone 225-2456

    PAUL D. IRVING, was sworn in as the 36th Sergeant at Arms of the 
U.S. House of Representatives on January 17, 2012, during the 2nd 
session of the 112th Congress. Prior to serving as Sergeant at Arms, Mr. 
Irving was an Assistant Director of the U.S. Secret Service from 2001 to 
2008. Paul Irving was born August 21, 1957, in Tampa, Florida. He 
received a Bachelor of Science degree in Justice from American 
University in Washington, DC, and a Juris Doctorate from Whittier Law 
School in Los Angeles, California. He began his law enforcement career 
in 1980 as a clerk for the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Los 
Angeles, California; was appointed a Special Agent at the Secret 
Service's Los Angeles Field Office; was transferred to Washington, DC, 
where he served as the head legal instructor for constitutional law, 
statutory authority, and criminal procedure at the Secret Service 
Training Academy; and was assigned to the Presidential Protective 
Division at the White House during the administrations of George H.W. 
Bush and William Jefferson Clinton, where he rose to a supervisory 
position. Subsequent to his White House duty, Mr. Irving served as 
Deputy Assistant Director for Congressional Affairs, Assistant Director 
for Government and Public Affairs, Assistant Director for Homeland 
Security, and Assistant Director for Administration.

    Mr. Irving is the recipient of numerous awards and commendations 
during his distinguished law enforcement career, among them the Senior 
Executive Service Presidential Rank Award for Meritorious Service, and 
the Presidential Rank Award for Distinguished Service in the Senior 
Executive Service; he has been a member of the California State Bar 
since 1982, the U.S. District Court for the Central District of 
California, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, the 
District of Columbia Bar, and the Supreme Court Bar; Irving resides in 
Washington, DC.

Sergeant at Arms.--Paul D. Irving.
    Deputy Sergeant at Arms.--Tim Blodgett.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Administration.--Kathleen Joyce.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Protocol and Chamber Operations.--
            Ted Daniel.
        Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Floor Security: Joyce 
            Hamlett, Rick Villa.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Emergency Management.--Bob Dohr.
        Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Police Services.--Robert 
            Fitzpatrick.
    Chief Information Officer.--Jim Kaelin.
    Directors:
        Division of Garage and Parking Security.--Jim Abbott.
        Division of House Security.--William McFarland.
        Division of Identification Services.--Jack Looney.
    Managers:
        Appointments Desk.--Teresa Johnson.
        Chamber Support Services.--Andrew Burns.
        Assistants: LaKeisha Commodore, Lorraine Foreman, KaSandra 
            Greenhow, Melissa Moffitt.


