

Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009. - 


Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009.
[Pages 1037-1051]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--Robert M. Zatkowski.
Assistant Directors: Gerald Rupert, Jr., Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Director.--Edward V. Pesce.
Assistant Directors: Justin Wilson, Shawna Blair.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Richard E. Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Jay Newton-Small, Time 
                                                Magazine
                                            Lauren Whittington, Roll 
                                                Call
                                            Heather Rothman, BNA News
                                            Meg Shreve, Tax Notes
                                            Steve LeVine, Business Week
                                            Paul Bedard, U.S. News & 
                                                World Report

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch. House organs are not eligible.

[[Page 1038]]

    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of Rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of Rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1039]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Aarons, Dakarai I.: Education Week

Abramson, Julie L.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Abse, Nathan: Federal Employees News Digest

Ackley, Kate: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Adler, Ben M.: Politico

Ainsley, Laura: CD Publications

Alarkon, Walter P.: The Hill

Albergo, Paul F.: BNA News

Alexis, Alexei: BNA News

Allen, Michael P.: Politico

Allen, Jared L.: The Hill

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Ambinder, Marc J.: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Ambrosio, Patrick: BNA News

Anderson, Sarah E.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Anselmo, Joseph: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Antonides, David Scott: Tax Notes

Aplin, Donald G.: BNA News

Apokis, Dimitrios: Investor's World

Aquino, John T.: BNA News

Arnoult, Sandra: Penton Media Inc.

Ashburn, Elyse: Chronicle of Higher Education

Ashton, Jerome C.: BNA News

Ashworth, Jerry: Thompson Publishing Group

Asker, James R.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Assam, Cecelia M.: BNA News

Atkins, Pamela S.: BNA News

Atlas, Stephen Terry: U.S. News & World Report

Atwood, John Filar: CCH Inc.

August, Melissa A.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Aulino, Margaret: BNA News

Ault, Alicia: International Medical News Group

Ayers, Cameron S.: Thompson Publishing Group

Ayers, Carl: UCG

Babbin, Jed L.: Human Events

Baer, Susan: Washingtonian

Baghdadi, Ramsey: FDC Reports

Bailey, Holly: Newsweek

Bain, Ben S.: 1105 Government Information Group, Federal Computer Week

Baker, Samuel U.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

Barak, Sarah: Thompson Publishing Group

Barash, Martina S.: BNA News

Barbagallo, Paul J.: Telecommunications Reports

Barbash, Fred: Politico

Barbic, Kari: Weekly Standard

Barnes, Fred W.: Weekly Standard

Barnes, James A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Barone, Michael D.: U.S. News & World Report

Barr, Sarah M.: BNA News

Barry, John A.: Newsweek

Barry, Theresa: Washington Business Information

Bartholet, Jeffrey I.: Newsweek

Basken, Paul A.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bass, Geremy C.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Bass, Carla D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Basu, Sandra L.: U.S. Medicine

Baumann, Jeannie: BNA News

Bazelon, Emily: Slate

Beam, Jacob Christopher: Slate

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bedard, Paul: U.S. News & World Report

Behr, Peter B.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Beizer, Douglas: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Belian, David P.: Washington Business Information

Belton, Beth M.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Belz, Emily C.: World Magazine

Bendery, Jennifer L.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Benjamin, Mark: Salon

Bennett, John T.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

Ben-Yosef, Andrea L.: BNA News

Berger, Brian: Space News

Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berke, Kenneth H.: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Berlin, Joshua L.: FDC Reports

Berman, Dan: Environment & Energy Publishing

Berman-Gorvine, Martin J.: Washington Business Information

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Bhambhani, Dipka: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Bialecki, Marissa R.: Thompson Publishing Group

Biggs, Alicia E.: BNA News

Billings, Deborah D.: BNA News

Billings, Erin P.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Billitteri, Thomas J.: CQ Researcher

Bivins, Amy E.: BNA News

Blake, Aaron: The Hill

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bodenner, Chris P.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

[[Page 1040]]

Boessenkool, Antonie L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bogardus, Kevin J.: The Hill

Bolen, Cheryl: BNA News

Bolton, Alexander: The Hill

Bomster, Mark W.: Education Week

Bondioli, Sara E.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Bontrager, Eric: Environment & Energy Publishing

Borchersen-Keto, Sarah A.: CCH Inc.

Bouve, Andrew D.S.: Slate

Boyd, John D.: Journal of Commerce

Boyle, Katherine V.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Boyles, William R.: Health Market Survey

Boyles, Virginia M.: Health Market Survey

Bracken, Leonard: BNA News

Bradley, David M.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Brady, Matthew: National Underwriter

Brady, Jessica L.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Brand, Chad X.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Brandolph, David B.: BNA News

Brannen, Kate O.: Inside Washington Publishers

Braun, Kevin D.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Bravender, Robin L.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Breech, Laura E.: Tax Notes

Bresnahan, John: Politico

Brevetti, Rossella E.: BNA News

Brinton, S. Turner: Space News

Briscoe, Daren: Newsweek

Bristow, Melissa S.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Brodsky, Robert G.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brotherton, Elizabeth: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Brown, David L.: National Law Journal

Brown, Janet M.: Press Associates

Brown, Simon A.: Tax Notes

Brown, Jill: Atlantic Information Services

Brownstein, Ronald J.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Brownstein, Andrew D.: Thompson Publishing Group

Bruce, R. Christian: BNA News

Bruno, Michael: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Bruno, Debra A.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Brush, Silla A.: The Hill

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Buchta, Cheryl: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Buckley, Elizabeth: Food Chemical News

Budoff Brown, Carrie D.: Politico

Buhl, John M.: Tax Notes

Bullock, Lorinda M.: International Medical News Group

Buntin, John: Governing

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Burnham, Michael P.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Burns, Alexander I.: Politico

Busetti, Max S.: Thompson Publishing Group

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Butler, Amy: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Bylander, Jessica E.: FDC Reports

Byrne, James S.: CD Publications

Byus, Jonathan: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Cahlink, George F.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Cain, Derrick: BNA News

Calabresi, Massimo T.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Calderone, Michael L.: Politico

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

Callahan, Madelyn R.: BNA News

Cano, Craig: McGraw-Hill Co.

Carbine, Michael E.: Atlantic Information Services

Cardman, Michael: Thompson Publishing Group

Carey, John A.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Carlile, Amy V.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Carlson, Jeffrey E.: CCH Inc.

Carlstrom, Gregg L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Carney, Timothy P.: Evans-Novak Political Report

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal Group, National Journal

Carr, Jennifer: Tax Notes

Carter, Charlene A.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Caruso, Lisa: National Journal Group, National Journal

Casey, Winter: National Journal Group, National Journal

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cassidy, William B.: Journal of Commerce

Castelli, Elise: Army Times Publishing Co.

Castelli, Christopher: Inside Washington Publishers

Cavallaro, Gina: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cavanagh, Sean: Education Week

Cavanaugh, Amy L.: Washington Blade

Cavas, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Cech, Scott J.: Education Week

Censer, Marjorie J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Chappell, Kevin U.: Jet/Ebony

Chavanne, Bettina H.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Chemnick, Jean M.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cherry, Sheila: BNA News

Chi, Tina M.: BNA News

Chibbaro, Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childers, Andrew J.: BNA News

Choma, Russell M.: BNA News

Chronister, Gregory: Education Week

Ciampoli, Paul G.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cinquegrani, Gayle C.: BNA News

Clapp, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Clark, Charles S.: Tax Notes

[[Page 1041]]

Clark, Timothy: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Clarke, David Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Clarke, Conor J.: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Clemmitt, Marcia: CQ Researcher

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Coder, Jeremiah G.: Tax Notes

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cogan, Marin E.: New Republic

Cohen, Janey: BNA News

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Cohen, Andrea R.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Cohn, Laura S.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Cole, Torie D.: CCH Inc.

Coller, Andrea L.: Politico

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Eve: Atlantic Information Services

Comer, John Matthew: Environment & Energy Publishing

Compart, Andrew W.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Conant, Eve K.: Newsweek

Connolly, Katie M.: Newsweek

Conroy, Declan: Setanta Publishing, Food Protection Report

Continetti, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Cook, Steven: BNA News

Cook, Robert C.: BNA News

Cook, Jr., Charles E.: Cook Political Report

Cooper, Stephen K.: CCH Inc.

Cooper, Rebecca A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Corbett, Warren: Set-Aside Alert

Cordner, Christine T.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Cottle, M. Michelle: New Republic

Coughlin, Brett G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Cowden, Richard H.: BNA News

Cox, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cox, Bowman D.: FDC Reports

Coyle, Marcia: National Law Journal

Crabtree, Susan: The Hill

Craft, Kevin R.: National Journal Group National Journal

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawford, Elizabeth R.: FDC Reports

Crider, Richard: Thompson Publishing Group

Crook, Clive: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Cullen, Richard T.: Politico

Cummings, Jeanne M.: Politico

Curran, John P.: Telecommunications Reports

Currie, Duncan M.: National Review

Cusack, Robert: The Hill

Daigneau, Elizabeth: Governing

D'Aprile, Shane: Politics Magazine

Darby, Seyward L.: New Republic

Darcey, Susan W.: FDC Reports

Davies, Stephen A.: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Michelle R.: Education Week

Davis, Jeffrey J.: Transportation Weekly

Davis, Steve: Atlantic Information Services

Davis, S. Diane: BNA News

Davis, Bronwyn L.: BNA News

Davis, Charles R.: Inside Washington Publishers

Davis, Molly M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Davis, Jill R.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Day, Jeff: BNA News

DeBonis, Mike: Washington City Paper

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

Dela Rosa, Darrell D.: CQ Researcher

DeLeon, Carrie R.: Telecommunications Reports

Dembeck, Chet E.: CD Publications

Dennis, Steven T.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Deslauriers, Jacqueline C.: Research Institute of America Group

Deutermann, Elizabeth A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Devernoe, Tanya: BNA News

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

Dickerson, John F.: Slate

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

DiGuglielmo, Joey: Washington Blade

DiMascio, Jennifer: Politico

Dindino, Carrie A.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Dinnage, Russell: Environment & Energy Publishing

DiSciullo, Joseph: Tax Notes

Ditta, Sara A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

DoBias, Matthew: Crain Communications

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Dolley, Steven D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Dombroski, Cathy H.: FDC Reports

Domone, Dana J.: BNA News

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill Co.

Douillard-Proulx, Rachelle M.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Doyle, John M.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Draper, Robert L.: GQ Magazine

Drew, Elizabeth: New York Review of Books

Dreyfuss, Robert C.: Rolling Stone

Drucker, David M.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Duarte, Nicole A.: Tax Notes

Dube, Lawrence E.: BNA News

Duffy, Jennifer: Cook Political Report

Duffy, Thomas Patrick: Inside Washington Publishers

Duffy, Michael W.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

[[Page 1042]]

Duncan, Alexander M.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Durrett, LaTasha S.: Research Institute of America Group

Dutra, Antonio: BNA News

Eastland, Katherine L.: Weekly Standard

Eastland, Terry: Weekly Standard

Easton, Nina J.: Time Inc., Fortune Magazine

Edmondson, Thomas: BNA News

Edmonson, Robert G.: Journal of Commerce

Edney, Hazel Trice: Afro American Newspapers

Edwards, Dean R.: Falls Church News Press

Edwards, Lynne: U.S. News & World Report

Edwards, Jewel W.: BNA News

Edwards, Thomas J.: CD Publications

Edwards, Charles J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Ege, Konrad: Freitag

Eggerton, John S.: Reed Business Information, Broadcasting & Cable

Eglovitch, Joanne S.: FDC Reports

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eisenhower, Karl J.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Eisenstein, Michael: BNA News

Eisler, Benjamin R.: New Republic

Eisler, Kim: Washingtonian

Eleveld, Karen Kerry L.: Advocate

Elfin, Dana: BNA News

Elliott, Amy S.: Tax Notes

Ellis, Isobel: National Journal Group, National Journal

Elmore, Wesley: Tax Notes

Emeigh, Jr., Geoffrey: BNA News

Enayat, Maryam: Thompson Publishing Group

Engan, Luke P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Englund, William A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Ephron, Dan: Newsweek

Epstein, Keith: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Ericksen, Charles A.: Hispanic Link News Service

Esquivel, J. Jesus: Proceso

Evans, Jeffrey: International Medical News Group

Evans, Larry E.: BNA News

Evans, Laura O.: UCG

Ewing, Philip T.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ezzard, Catherine Sullivan: BNA News

Fabian, Thecla R.: BNA News

Faerstein, Ian D.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Fain, Paul A.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fairbanks, Eve R.: New Republic

Falk, Leora M.: BNA News

Falvella-Garraty, Susan M.: Irish Echo

Fanshel, Fran: UCG

Fasman, Jon: Economist

Fath, Meredith: Tax Notes

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Ferguson, Andrew: Weekly Standard

Ferguson, Brett: BNA News

Ferullo, Michael: BNA News

Fialka, John J.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Fickling, Amy: McGraw-Hill Co.

Fiegl, Charles: UCG

Field, Kelly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Findlay, Christie E.: Politics Magazine

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

Finet, J.P.: BNA News

Fiorino, Frances: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Fischer, Karin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Congressional Digest

Fleet, Leslie G.: BNA News

Flint, Perry A.: Penton Media Inc.

Flynn, Joan Marie: Thompson Publishing Group

Foer, Franklin L.: New Republic

Forbes, Sean I.: BNA News

Fordney, Jason L.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Fotos, Christopher P.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Fourney, Susan: National Journal Group, Government Executive

France, Stephen: BNA News

Francis, Laura: BNA News

Francis, Theo: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Frandsen, Jon C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Franklin, Mary Beth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Frates, Chris: Politico

Freda, Diane: BNA News

Freddoso, David A.: National Review

Freedberg, Jr., Sydney J.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Freedland, Seth M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Frerking, Elizabeth M.: Politico

Frieden, Joyce: International Medical News Group

Friedl, Kevin E.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Friedman, Lisa F.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Friel, Brian: National Journal Group, National Journal

Frojo, Renee L.: Washington Business Information

Frumkin, Kimberly B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fulghum, David: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Galentine, Elizabeth R.: Employee Benefit Advisor

Gallagher, John: Journal of Commerce

Gannon, John: BNA News

Gantz, Rachel: UCG

Garber, Kent D.: U.S. News & World Report

Gardner, Rebecca: International Medical News Group

Gardner, Lauren M.: BNA News

Garland, Susan B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Garner, W. Lynn: BNA News

Gartrell, Peter T.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gavant, Kelli L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gay, Patrice L.: Tax Notes

Gdowski, Jessica C.: UCG

[[Page 1043]]

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geman, Ben: Environment & Energy Publishing

Gerecht, Michael: CD Publications

Gerstein, Joshua A.: Politico

Gerth, Linda: New Republic

Getter, Lisa: UCG

Gettinger, Steve: National Journal Group, National Journal

Gettlin, Robert H.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Gewertz, Catherine: Education Week

Ghosh, Aparisim: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Giaccino, Linda A.: CD Publications

Gilbert, Lorraine S.: BNA News

Gilbert, Mary M.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Gilcrest, Laura H.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gilston, Samuel M.: Gilston-Kalin Communications

Gizzi, John: Human Events

Glass, Andrew J.: Politico

Glenn, David G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gloger, Katja: Stern

Gnaedinger, Charles: Tax Notes

Goehausen, Hilary A.: CCH Inc.

Goindi, Geeta: Express India

Goldberg, Jeffrey: New Yorker

Goldberg, Paul: The Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Kirsten: The Cancer Letter

Goldfarb, Samuel D.: Tax Notes

Goldman, Ted: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Goldwasser, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldwyn, Brant: CCH Inc.

Golub, Barbra: Atlantic Information Services

Gonzales, Nathan: Rothenberg Political Report

Good, Christopher E.: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Goodin, Emily L.: The Hill

Goodin, Emily: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Goodman, Joshua: Governing

Goodman, Sara E.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Goodwine, Velma: Research Institute of America Group

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gordon, Rebekah S.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gordy, Cynthia D.: Time Inc., Essence Magazine

Gotsch, Ted: Telecommunications Reports

Gottlieb, Matthew P.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Gough, Robert: UCG

Gould, Joseph M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Goulder, Robert: Tax Notes

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Graff, Garrett: Washingtonian

Green, Joshua: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Green, Charles A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Greenblatt, Alan: Governing

Greenhalgh, Keiron: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

Gregorits, Angela: BNA News

Grena Manley, Mary Ann: BNA News

Grimaldi, Christine H.: BNA News

Grindley, Lucas M.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Gross, Grant J.: IDG News Service

Grover, Elizabeth A.: BNA News

Gruber, Peter: Focus

Gruber, Amelia M.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Guarino, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Guay, Thomas A.: Progressive Business Publications

Guest, Robert: Economist

Guido, Daniel W.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gurdon, Hugo: The Hill

Gutman, James H.: Atlantic Information Services

Gvozdas, Susan E.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Haas, Joseph A.: FDC Reports

Haddad, Tammy M.: Newsweek

Hadley, Richard D.: UCG

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal Group, National Journal

Hair, Connie L.: Human Events

Hall, Holly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Ham, Mary Katherine: Weekly Standard

Hamme, Nathan S.: Falls Church News Press

Hammon, Jamie R.: FDC Reports

Hand, Eric K.: Nature

Haniffa, Aziz: India Abroad

Hanner, Kenneth W.: Human Events

Hansard, Sara: Crain Communications

Hansen, Brian: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hanson, Melinda: BNA News

Hanson, Clayton A.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Harbrecht, Douglas A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Harder, Amy A.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Harman, Thomas: CD Publications

Harrington, William J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Harris, Joann Christine: Tax Notes

Harris, Shane: National Journal Group, National Journal

Harrison, David: BNA News

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hart, James T.: Thompson Publishing Group

Haseley, Donna L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Hausmann, Helen D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hayes, Christopher L.: Nation

Hayes, Stephen F.: Weekly Standard

Hayes, Peter S.: BNA News

[[Page 1044]]

Healy, Amber M.: Food Chemical News

Hebel, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Heckathorn, Mark E.: Thompson Publishing Group

Heflin, Jay S.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Hegland, Corine: National Journal Group, National Journal

Hegstad, Maria A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Heil, Emily A.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Hellman, Gregory S.: BNA News

Hellman, Gregory S.: Inside Washington Publishers

Helminski, Edward L.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Heltman, John H.: Inside Washington Publishers

Hemingway, Mark W.: National Review

Hench, Stephanie M.: Tax Notes

Henderson, Nia-Malika A.: Politico

Hendrie, Caroline: Education Week

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Henry, Patricia M.: BNA News

Herbert, David G.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Hess, Ryan E.: MII Publications

Heydt, Marci K.: UCG

Hicks, Travis: Thompson Publishing Group

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hill, Richard: BNA News

Hillman, G. Robert: Politico

Hirsh, Michael P.: Newsweek

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Ho, Soyoung: Research Institute of America Group

Hobbs, Susan R.: BNA News

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Michael R.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hoffman, Rebecca E.: BNA News

Hoffman, William S.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hoffman, Donald B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Hogan, Monica J.: FDC Reports

Holland, William: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hollis, Christopher E.: Washington Business Information

Holmes, Gwendolyn C.: BNA News

Holmes, Allan T.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Hooper, Molly K.: The Hill

Hoover, Eric: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hoover, Kent: Washington Business Journal

Horowitz, Jay: BNA News

Horwood, Rachel Jane: Economist

Hosenball, Mark J.: Newsweek

Houghton, Mary J.: FDC Reports

Howell, Katie J.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Huang, Grant G.: UCG

Huffman, Jason A.: Food Chemical News

Humes, James E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Humphrey, Shonda: Tax Notes

Hunter, Pamela E.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hyland, Terence: BNA News

Hylton, William S.: GQ Magazine

Hynes, Casey E.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Iannotta, Rebecca D.: Space News

Iannotta, Ben J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ichniowski, Thomas F.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iekel, John F.: Thompson Publishing Group

Ingram, David H.: National Law Journal

Ip, Gregory W.: Economist

Isenstadt, Alex: Politico

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Jackman, Francis L.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Jackson, Valarie N.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jackson, Jr., David Randall: Tax Notes

Jacobs, Jeremy P.: The Hill

Jacobson, Todd K.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Jacobson, Louis A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Jaffe, Harry S.: Washingtonian

James, Betty: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Jaworski, Thomas: Tax Notes

Jeffrey, Jeff T.: National Law Journal

Jenkins, Linda: Human Events

Jenks, Paul H.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Joe, Michael H.: Tax Notes

Johansen, Alison: BNA News

Johnson, Bridget C.: The Hill

Johnson, Chris C.: Washington Blade

Johnson, Alisa: BNA News

Johnson, Lyrica: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Johnson, Jenny L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Johnson, Regina: McGraw-Hill Co.

Johnson, Wendy: UCG

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, Danielle D.: Politico

Jones, Henry B.: Tax Notes

Jones, Elizabeth: Washington Business Information

Jones, George G.: CCH Inc.

Jonson, Nick: McGraw-Hill Co.

Joseph, Cameron E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Joslyn, Heather: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Joyce, Stephen: BNA News

Judis, John B.: New Republic

Juliano, Nicholas P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Kady II, Martin J.: Politico

Kahn, Debra: Environment & Energy Publishing

Kamens, Jessie K.: BNA News

Kaplan, Karen H.: Nature

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

[[Page 1045]]

Kaplun, Alex: Environment & Energy Publishing

Karem, Brian: Montgomery County Sentinel

Karp, Aaron E.: Penton Media Inc.

Karrs, Emily J.: National Review

Kash, Wyatt: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer News

Katel, Peter: CQ Researcher

Katkin, Brian A.: National Law Journal

Kauffman, Tim: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kaufmann, Gregory R.: Nation

Kavanagh, Susan: CCH Inc.

Kavruck, Deborah A.: Washington Counseletter

Kelderman, Eric: Chronicle of Higher Education

Keller, Gail S.: BNA News

Kelly, Patrice Wingert: Newsweek

Kelly, Catherine A.: FDC Reports

Kelly, Spencer: UCG

Kennedy, Kelly: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kennedy, Laura W.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kennedy, Hugh: UCG

Kersten, Denise M.: Washingtonian

Kessler, Ronald B.: Newsmax

Khan, Altaf U.: BNA News

Khan, Alyah: Inside Washington Publishers

Khimm, Suzy: New Republic

King, Maureen: Telecommunications Reports

Kingsbury, Alex: U.S. News & World Report

Kingsley, Kim: Politico

Kinney, Jeff: BNA News

Kirby, Paul S.: Telecommunications Reports

Kirchick, James R.: New Republic

Kirkland, John R.: BNA News

Kirkland, Joel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kitfield, James: National Journal Group, National Journal

Kitto, Kristofer E.: The Hill

Kizer, Jean E.: Thompson Publishing Group

Klamper, Amy E.: Space News

Kleba, Heather L.: Governing

Klein, Alyson: Education Week

Klesta, Michael: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Klimko, Frank: CD Publications

Klingst, Martin E.: Die Zeit

Koch, Kathy: CQ Researcher

Koffler, Keith F.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Kondracke, Morton M.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Koons, Jennifer J.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Koss, Geof M.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Koszczuk, Jaculine M.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Kovski, Alan D.: BNA News

Kraft, Scott: UCG

Kramer, Linda: Glamour Magazine

Kraushaar, Josh P.: Politico

Krieger, Zvika: New Republic

Kriz Hobson, Margaret E.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Kroh, Eric L.: Tax Notes

Kubetin, Sally: International Medical News Group

Kubetin, W. Randy: BNA News

Kucinich, Jacqueline F.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Kuckro, Rod: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kumar Sen, Ashish: Outlook Magazine

Kurtz, Josh: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Kuypers-Denlinger, Corinne: UCG

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

Lacey, Anthony: Inside Washington Publishers

Laffler, Mary Jo: FDC Reports

LaGrone, Samuel R.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lamb, Kelsey R.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Lambert, Kevin C.: BNA News

Lamoreaux, Denise: Thompson Publishing Group

Lamothe, Daniel G.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Langel, Stephen J.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Larsen, Kathy Carolin: McGraw-Hill Co.

Last, Jonathan V.: Weekly Standard

Leaman, Emily B.: Washingtonian

Learner, Neal R.: Atlantic Information Services

Leatherman, Jacquelyn D.: CCH Inc.

Leber, Jessica E.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lee, Carol E.: Politico

Lee, Steve K.: BNA News

Leeuwenburgh, Todd H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Lehmann, Evan W.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lehr, Katherine V.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Leopold, George H.: CMP Media Inc.

Lepage, Michael G.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Lerer, Lisa R.: Politico

Lesniewski, Niels P.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Levin, Joshua: Slate

LeVine, Steven: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Li, Zengxin: Caijing Magazine

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Libit, Daniel J.: Politico

Limpert, John: Washingtonian

Lindeman, Ralph: BNA News

Lindsay, Drew: Washingtonian

Ling, Katherine C.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Linnane, Jacqueline: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Lipka, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lipowicz, Alice: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Lithwick, Dahlia Hannah: Slate

[[Page 1046]]

Littleton, Julia A.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lizza, Ryan C.: New Yorker

Loewenberg, Samuel R.: Politico

Long, Karen S.: UCG

Lorenzo, Aaron E.: BNA News

Losey, Stephen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lotven, Amy L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Lovell, Aaron J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Lovley, Erika M.: Politico

Lowe, Paul D.: Aviation International News

Lowther, William: Mail on Sunday

Lubell, Jennifer: Crain Communications

Luccioli, Colleen M.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lucey, Eric J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Lunney, Kellie: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Luntz, Taryn: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lustig, Joe: Thompson Publishing Group

Lynsen, Joshua J.: Washington Blade

Maas, Angela K.: Atlantic Information Services

Macabrey, Jean-Marie C.: Environment & Energy Publishing

MacDonald, Neil A.: Technology Commercialization

Macy, Daniel J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Madden, Mike R.: Salon

Maggs, John J.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Magill, Barbara: Thompson Publishing Group

Mahtesian, Charles G.: Politico

Maine, Amanda: CCH Inc.

Maixner, Edward: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Malloy, Eileen: BNA News

Manasevit, Max: Thompson Publishing Group

Mandel, Jennifer A.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Jewish Press

Manickavasagam, Malini: BNA News

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Marcucci, Carl: Radio Business Report Inc., Radio Business Report

Mark, Roy S.: Eweek

Mark, David F.: Politico

Marre, Klaus: The Hill

Marron, Jessica: McGraw-Hill Co.

Marshall, Christa L.N.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Martin, Jonathan L.: Politico

Martinez, Gebe: Politico

Martinez, Barbara E.: Politico

Martinson, Erica L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Masterson, Kathryn E.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Mathews, James C.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Matthews, Sidney William: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mauro, Antony E.: National Law Journal

Maxwell, Lesli A.: Education Week

Mayer, Jane: New Yorker

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mazumdar, Anandashankar: BNA News

McAlvanah, Nora J.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

McArdle, John: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

McAuley, David: BNA News

McBeth Laping, Karen: McGraw-Hill Co.

McCaffery, Gregory: BNA News

McCarter, Ernest Mickey L.: HS Today

McClenahen, John: Penton Media Inc.

McCleskey, Ellen E.: BNA News

McConnell, Beth Ann: Sedgwick Publishing Co.

McCord, Quinn T.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing & Technology News

McCormack, John M.: Weekly Standard

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McCullough, Amy C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

McDermott, Kevin B.: UCG

McGarry, Brendan W.: Army Times Publishing Co.

McGeehon, Dale: Thompson Publishing Group

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McGovern, Kathryn A.: Thompson Publishing Group

McGowan, Kevin P.: BNA News

McGrane, Victoria G.: Politico

McInerney, Susan M.: BNA News

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McKenna, Ted: PR Week

McKinney, Amber: BNA News

McLeary, Paul J.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

McMichael, William H.: Army Times Publishing Co.

McMorris-Santoro, Evan: National Journal Group, The Hotline

McMurtrie, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

McNamara, Meghan: Exchange Monitor Publications

McNeil, Michele: Education Week

McQuilken, Marisa S.: National Law Journal

McSherry, Alison B.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

McTague, James: Barron's

Mechcatie, Elizabeth: International Medical News Group

Medford, Clayton P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Meinecke, Elisabeth C.: Human Events

Melillo, Wendy: Adweek Magazine

Mercurio, John C.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Messenger, Robert G.: Weekly Standard

[[Page 1047]]

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Mezo, Ingrid M.J.: FDC Reports

Michels, Jennifer L.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Miller, John J.: National Review

Miller, Reed J.: FDC Reports

Miller, Sean J.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Miller, Tricia L.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Miller, Margaret H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Mills, Jim L.: The Hill

Mitchell, Charles F.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Moehrle, Patrick E.: Thompson Publishing Group

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Mola, Roger Andrew: Aviation International News

Monastersky, Richard A.: Nature

Moncrief, JoAnne P.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Moody, Brittany Elyse: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Moore, Michael D.: BNA News

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morales, Cecilio: MII Publications

Morello, Lauren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Morin, Christopher Scott: Thompson Publishing Group

Morring, Jr., Frank: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Morris, Jefferson F.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Morris, Ryan: National Journal Group, National Journal

Morris, Jodie: National Journal Group, National Journal

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morton, Peter G.: Financial Post

Mosquera, Mary: 1105 Government Information Group, Federal Computer Week

Mulero, Eugene: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Mulkern, Anne C.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Mullen, Lindsey E.: Thompson Publishing Group

Mulrine, Anna: U.S. News & World Report

Mumford, Christine M.: BNA News

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munoz, Carlo: Inside Washington Publishers

Munro, Neil P.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Muolo, Paul A.: National Mortgage News

Muradian, Vago: Army Times Publishing Co.

Murdoch, Joyce M.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Murray, Matthew: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Myers, Dee Dee: Vanity Fair

Myers, Cathleen R.: BNA News

Nagesh, Gautham V.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Napoli, Denise E.: International Medical News Group

Nartker, Michael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Naseef, Kate M.: BNA News

Natter, Aryeh J.: BNA News

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Neal, Rebecca K.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nealy, Michelle J.: Diverse: Issues in Higher Education

Needham, Vicki A.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Nelson, Ryan: FDC Reports

Nettles, Meredith K.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Neumann, Daniel: Inside Washington Publishers

Newell, Ashley C.: Tax Notes

Newell, Elizabeth A.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Newman, Michael: Slate

Newmyer, Arthur: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Newton-Small, Jay: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Nichols, William D.: Politico

Nichols, Timieka: 1105 Government Information Group, Federal Computer Week

Nicholson, Jonathan: BNA News

Noah, Timothy Robert: Slate

Noe, Holly C.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Oberle, Sean F.: Oberle Communications, Product Safety Letter

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

O'Brien, Michael P.: The Hill

O'Brien, Maura E.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

O'Connor, Patrick M.: Politico

Oczypok, Katherine M.: The Hill

Oddis, Michelle E.: Human Events

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Olsen, Florence E.: BNA News

Omestad, Thomas E.: U.S. News & World Report

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Orchowski, Margaret: Hispanic Outlook in Higher Education

Orrick, Sarah M.: Congressional Digest

Orth, Maureen: Vanity Fair

Ortman, Emily M.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Osborn, Kris J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ostroff, Jim: Kiplinger Washington Editors

O'Toole, Charles C.: Tax Notes

O'Toole, Thomas: BNA News

Otteman, Scott A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Packer-Tursman, Judith L.: Atlantic Information Services

Page, Paul: Journal of Commerce

Pak, Janne Kum Cha C.: USA Journal

Palazzolo, Joseph R.: National Law Journal

Palmer, Anna A.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

[[Page 1048]]

Parillo, Kristen A.: Tax Notes

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parker, Laura J.: Vanity Fair

Parker, Stuart H.: Inside Washington Publishers

Parker, Alexander M.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Parnes, Amie M.: Politico

Parrish, Molly R.: Letter Publications

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Patrick, Steven: BNA News

Patterson, James B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Patton, Zachary L.: Governing

Patton, Oliver B.: Heavy Duty Trucking

Payne, Marissa C.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Pazanowski, Bernard J.: BNA News

Pazanowski, Mary Anne: BNA News

Peake, Daniel P.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Pearl, Larry: Food Chemical News

Pecquet, Julian J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Pekow, Charles: Community College Week

Perelman, Isabella O.: BNA News

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Perriello, Anthony M.: BNA News

Perry, Suzanne: Chronicle of Higher Education

Peters, Katherine M.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Peterson, Denise: FDC Reports

Peterson, Zachary M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Pethokoukis, James M.: U.S. News & World Report

Pettingell, Dolia E.: Poder

Pexton, Patrick: National Journal Group, National Journal

Piemonte, Philip M.: Federal Employees News Digest

Pierce, Emily: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Pimley, Ward: BNA News

Pitts, Edward: World Magazine

Plank, Kendra Casey: BNA News

Plotz, David: Slate

Plumer, Bradford T.: New Republic

Pluviose, David: Diverse: Issues in Higher Education

Pollard, Nathan A.: BNA News

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Poppy, Daniel F.: FDC Reports

Postal, Arthur D.: National Underwriter

Poulson, Theresa: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Pound, Edward T.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Preston, Caroline S.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Price, Pat: Tax Notes

Prince, Zenith O.: Afro American Newspapers

Pritchard, William R.: BNA News

Prochnay, William W.: Vanity Fair

Pryde, Joan A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Pueschel, Matt: U.S. Medicine

Purdum, Todd S.: Vanity Fair

Putrich, Gayle S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Quirk, Matthew F.: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Rahim, Saqib: Environment & Energy Publishing

Raju, Manu K.: Politico

Ramirez Esparza, Eddy G.: U.S. News & World Report

Rapp, David R.: 1105 Government Information Group, Federal Computer Week

Rash, Wayne: Eweek

Rayasam, Renuka: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Reed, John T.: Inside Washington Publishers

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Reis, Patrick C.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Reishus, Mark: Thompson Publishing Group

Ressler, Thomas: Inside Mortgage Finance

Restivo, Julie C.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Restuccia, Andrew M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Richards, Ashley A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Richardson, Nathaline: BNA News

Richman, Sheldon B.: BNA News

Rizzuto, Pat: BNA News

Roach, Ronald: Diverse: Issues in Higher Education

Robelen, Erik: Education Week

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Roberts, Victoria: BNA News

Robinson, Thomas S.: Mass Transit Lawyer

Roeder, Linda: BNA News

Rogers, Robert L.: National Law Journal

Rogers, David E.: Politico

Rohde, Peter: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rohrer, S. Scott: National Journal Group, National Journal

Roland, Neil D.: Crain Communications

Rolfsen, Bruce: Army Times Publishing Co.

Roque, Ashley N.: Roll Call Group, Congress Now

Rose, Phil A.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Rose, Michael F.: BNA News

Rosen, Jeffrey M.: New Republic

Rosenberg, Alyssa B.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Rothenberg, Stuart: Rothenberg Political Report

Rothman, Heather M.: BNA News

Rothstein, Betsy: The Hill

Rowley, Dorothy M.: Afro American Newspapers

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Rudd, Jr., Terrence: International Medical News Group

Ruel-Sabatier, Patrick M.: Le Point

Ruggeri, Amanda E.: U.S. News & World Report

Rushing, J. Taylor: The Hill

Russo, Eugene I.: Nature

Ryan, Jr., Frederick J.: Politico

Saenz, Cheryl L.: BNA News

Sahd, Timothy J.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

[[Page 1049]]

Saiyid, Amena H.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Sala, Susan J.: BNA News

Saletan, William B.: Slate

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Sammon, Richard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Samuels, Christina: Education Week

Samuelsohn, Darren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Samuelson, Robert J.: Newsweek

Samuelson, Ruth D.: Washington City Paper

Sander, Elizabeth Libby C.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sandler, Michael A.: The Hill

Sands, Derek O.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Sangillo, Gregg Thomas: National Journal Group, National Journal

Sartipzadeh, Saied Ali: BNA News

Sasseen, Jane A.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Sault, Samantha K.: Weekly Standard

Savage, Luiza C.: Maclean's

Savener, Matthew J.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Savoie, Andy: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Sawchuk, Stephen A.: Education Week

Scarcella, Michael A.: National Law Journal

Scheiber, Noam J.: New Republic

Scheid, Brian J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Scherer, Michael B.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schieken, William: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Schiff, Daniel A.: FDC Reports

Schlesinger, Robert EK: U.S. News & World Report

Schlosser Chandraseraran, Julie: Time Inc., Fortune Magazine

Schmidt, Peter: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schneider, Martin A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Schneider, Andrew C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schoeff, Jr., Mark: Crain Communications

Schoenberg, Tom: National Law Journal

Schofield, Adrian: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Schomisch, Jeffrey: Thompson Publishing Group

Schorr, Burt: UCG

Schroeder, Anne C.: Politico

Schubert, Charlotte M.: Nature

Schuff, Sally: Farm Progress News

Schuh, Kristen M.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Schwab, Nicole E.: U.S. News & World Report

Schwartz, David H.: BNA News

Scoblic, J. Peter: New Republic

Scorza, John Forrest: Thompson Publishing Group

Scott, Dean T.: BNA News

Scutro, Andrew M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Seiden, Daniel I.: BNA News

Selingo, Jeffrey: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sellers, Malorie A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal Group, National Journal

Setze, Karen Jeanne: Tax Notes

Sevidaz, Jay A.: Journal of Commerce

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shafer, Jack: Slate

Shannon, Darren J.: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Shapiro, Walter: Salon

Shappell, Brian M.: CD Publications

Sharpe, Stephanie: McGraw-Hill Co.

Sheedy, Rachel L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Sheets, Andy: Tax Notes

Sheikh, Fawzia: Inside Washington Publishers

Shepard, Steven G.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Sheppard, Doug: Tax Notes

Shoop, Thomas J.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Shreve, Margaret: Tax Notes

Silva, Jeffrey S.: Crain Communications

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Simmons, Quintin: Tax Notes

Simon, Roger M.: Politico

Simpson, Jason M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Singer, Paul B.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Skalka, Jennifer C.: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Skiba, Katherine M.: U.S. News & World Report

Slaninka, R. Josephj: Montgomery County Sentinel

Slattery, Sandra: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Smallen, Jill: National Journal Group, National Journal

Smalley, Suzanne M.: Newsweek

Smee, Bill D.: Slate

Smith, Jasper B.: Tax Notes

Smith, Lauren M.: FDC Reports

Smith, Jennifer C.: Inside Washington Publishers

Smith, Katie: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Snider, Adam: BNA News

Snow, Nicholas J.: Oil & Gas Journal

Snyder, Katharine: Mine Safety and Health News

Snyder, Jim: The Hill

Sobieraj, Sandra: Time Inc., People Magazine

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Soraghan, Mike: The Hill

Southern, E. Richard: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Spence, Charles F.: General Aviation News

Spencer, Patricia S.: BNA News

Spicer, Malcolm E.: FDC Reports

Spiering, Charlie R.: Evans-Novak Political Report

Splete, Heidi: International Medical News Group

Spotswood, Stephen: U.S. Medicine

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

[[Page 1050]]

Stam, John H.: BNA News

Stanton, Lynn E.: Telecommunications Reports

Stanton, John: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Starobin, Paul J.: National Journal Group National Journal

Steinberg, Julie A.: BNA News

Steinberg, Aaron: UCG

Steingart, Gabor I.: Der Spiegel

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Steis, Ellen Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Steis, Alexander Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Stencel, Mark: Governing

Stern, Jonathan D.: UCG

Sternstein, Aliya E.: National Journal Group, Government Executive

Stevenson, Margaret K.: FDC Reports

Stewart, David D.: Tax Notes

Stimson, James A.: BNA News

Stimson, Leslie P.: NewBay Media

Stoddard, Alexandra B.: The Hill

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stone, Daniel E.: Newsweek

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Straub, Noelle C.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Straus, Brian A.: Penton Media Inc.

Strawbridge, James O.: Inside Washington Publishers

Strong, Jonathan A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Sturges, Peyton Mackay: BNA News

Sullivan, Martin A.: Tax Notes

Sullivan, John H.: BNA News

Sullivan, Monica C.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Sullivan, Amy E.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Supiano, Beckie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sutter, Susan M.: Scrip World Pharmaceutical News

Sutton, Eileen C.: BNA News

Swanson, Ian B.: The Hill

Sweeney, Ray: CD Publications

Sweeting, Paul: Reed Business Information, Reed Business Information

Swisher, Larry: BNA News

Swope, Christopher: Governing

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Talwani, Sanjay: NewBay Media

Tan, Michelle: Army Times Publishing Co.

Taulbee, Pamela D.: FDC Reports

Taylor, Ronald A.: BNA News

Taylor, Phil A.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Taylor, Dan P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Taylor, Jessica L.: National Journal Group, National Journal

Taylor, Vincent E.: UCG

Taylor II, B.J.: Atlantic Information Services

Taylor, Jr., Stuart: National Journal Group, National Journal

Tegtmeier, Lee Ann: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Temple, Amanda N.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Terzian, Philip: Weekly Standard

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thibodeau, Patrick: IDG Communications

Thompson, Mark J.: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Thorn, Judith: BNA News

Thorndike, Joseph: Tax Notes

Thrush, Glenn H.: Politico

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tiernan, Tom: McGraw-Hill Co.

Tilghman, Andrew S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Timmerman, Kenneth R.: Newsmax

Tinkelman, Joseph A.: BNA News

Tiron, Roxana: The Hill

Todaro, Jane B.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Toeplitz, Shira R.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Tollefson, Jeff S.: Nature

Topor, Eric D.: BNA News

Torres, Katherine: Penton Media Inc.

Tosh, Dennis A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Trick, Randy J.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Triplett, Michael R.: BNA News

Tsigas, Maria: UCG

Tsui, Amy: BNA News

Tucker, Miriam E.: International Medical News Group

Tucker, Charlotte E.: BNA News

Tumulty, Karen: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Tuttle, Steve: Newsweek

Twachtman, Gregory: FDC Reports

Unnikrishnan, Madhu: McGraw-Hill Co., Aviation Week

Upholt, Boyce M.: Politics Magazine

Vaida, Bara: National Journal Group, National Journal

Valverde, Janice A.: BNA News

Vample, Gwendolyn: Thompson Publishing Group

Vance, Kevin G.: Weekly Standard

Veis, Gregory P.: New Republic

Verespej, Michael: Crain Communications

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Victor, Kirk: National Journal Group, National Journal

Vissiere, Helene: Le Point

Vogel, Kenneth P.: Politico

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Voorhees, Joshua M.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Wachter, Kerri: International Medical News Group

Wadman, Meredith: Nature

Wakeman, Nick: 1105 Government Information Group, Washington Technology

Waldrop, M. Mitchell: Nature

Walker, Karen J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Walker, Chandra: CCH Inc.

[[Page 1051]]

Walker, Christopher C.: FDC Reports

Walsh, Mark: Education Week

Walsh, Elsa: New Yorker

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U.S. News & World Report

Walsh, Gertrude: 1105 Government Information Group, Government Computer 
News

Walter, Amy: National Journal Group, The Hotline

Walthall, Janet C.: BNA News

Ware, Patricia: BNA News

Washington, Kimi J.: CD Publications

Washington, Debbie: Inside Washington Publishers

Wasley, Paula E.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wasserman, David N.: Cook Political Report

Wasson, Erik L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Watkins, Steve: Army Times Publishing Co.

Weber, Rick: Inside Washington Publishers

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Wegner, Mark A.: Roll Call Group, Gallery Watch

Weigelt, Matthew: 1105 Government Information Group, Federal Computer Week

Weil, Jenny: McGraw-Hill Co.

Weiner, Joann M.: Tax Notes

Weisgerber, Marcus: Inside Washington Publishers

Weisskopf, Michael: Time Inc., Time Magazine

Weissmann, Jordan H.: National Law Journal

Weixel, Nathaniel L.: BNA News

Welch, Jake: National Journal Group, National Journal

Werble, Cole P.: FDC Reports

Whieldon, Esther: McGraw-Hill Co.

White, Nicola M.: Tax Notes

White, Rodney A.: McGraw-Hill Co.

White, Andrew A.: Thompson Publishing Group

White III, Frank: BNA News

Whitelaw, Kevin: U.S. News & World Report

Whitney, Blake K.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Whittington, Lauren: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Wieser, Eric: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wilczek, Yin: BNA News

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: McGraw-Hill Co., Business Week

Wilhelm, Ian L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wilkerson, John S.: Inside Washington Publishers

Wilkie, Christina W.: The Hill

Willen, Mark: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeffrey: Satellite Business News

Williams, Risa D.: Tax Notes

Williams, Eileen J.: BNA News

Williams, Mark A.: BNA News

Williams, Michelle N.: National Journal Group, Nationaljournal.com

Wills, Nicholas J.: Washington Business Information

Wilson, Christopher E.: Slate

Wilson, Reid H.: The Hill

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Windsor, Joseph K.: Federal Publications, Government Contractor

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Wingfield, Brian R.: Forbes

Winston, Catherine Kate A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Winter, Allison A.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Witt, Elder: Governing

Witze, Alexandra: Nature

Wolverton, Bradley: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wood, Graeme C.A.: National Journal Group, Atlantic Monthly

Woods, Randall O.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wooldridge, Adrian: Economist

Wright, Charlotte: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wright, Jr., James: Afro American Newspapers

Wyand, Michael W.: BNA News

Yachnin, Jennifer: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Yager, Christopher J.: The Hill

Yaksick, Jr., George L.: CCH Inc.

Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

Yehle, Emily J.: Roll Call Group, Roll Call

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yin, Sandra: UCG

Yingling, Jennifer: The Hill

Yochelson, Mindy: BNA News

Yohannan, Suzanne M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Yordanova-Kline, Milena: McGraw-Hill Co.

York, Kelli G.: Thompson Publishing Group

Young, Sam: Tax Notes

Young, Jeffrey: The Hill

Youngman, Sam A.: The Hill

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zaman, Gulnar: Tax Notes

Zaneski, Cyril ``Cy'' T.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Zehr, Mary Ann: Education Week

Zimmermann, Eric M.: The Hill

Zumbrun, Joshua H.: Forbes

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News

Zurcher, Anthony W.: Congressional Digest


