

Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009. - 


Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009.
[Pages 997-1029]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director.--Michael Mastrian
                                            Deputy Director.--Jane Ruyle
                                            Senior Media Relations 
                                                Coordinators: Michael 
                                                Lawrence, Erin Yeatman
                                            Media Relations 
                                                Coordinators: Chris 
                                                Bois, Arlen Salazar

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

                                            Director.--Olga Ramirez 
                                                Kornacki
                                            Deputy Director.--Andy Elias
                                            Assistant for Administrative 
                                                Operations Manager.--
                                                Gail Davis
                                            Media Logistics 
                                                Coordinators: Helen 
                                                DeBarge, Anthony 
                                                Kellaher, Kimberly Oates

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Linda Scott, The Newshour 
                                                with Jim Lehrer, Chair
                                            Peter Slen, C-SPAN, Vice 
                                                Chair
                                            Linda Kenyon, SRN News, 
                                                Treasurer
                                            Jeffrey Ballou, Aljazeera
                                            Jill Jackson, CBS News
                                            Dave McConnell, WTOP Radio
                                            Chad Pergram, Fox News
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of the Senate wing of the Capitol. 
Applicants shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which 
they are employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, 
if any. Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in 
the prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign govern

[[Page 998]]

ment or representative thereof; that they are not engaged in any 
lobbying activities; that they do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information to any organization, individual, 
or group of individuals for the influencing of prices on any commodity 
or stock exchange; that they will not do so during the time they retain 
membership in the galleries. Holders of visitors' cards who may be 
allowed temporary admission to the galleries must conform to all the 
restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be a prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the 
Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant 
conforms to the foregoing regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 999]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abbott, Stacey: National Public Radio

Abdalla, Hebah: Aljazeera International

Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

Abdalwahab, Yamen: Al Arabiya TV

Abdel-Aziz, Amr: AP-Broadcast

Abdulgawad, Atef: AP-Broadcast

Abe, Takaaki: Nippon TV Network

Abed, Nader: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Abell, Jeff: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Abeshouse, Bob: Aljazeera International

Aboud, Abdushakur: Voice of America

Abraha, Zeresnaey: Aljazeera International

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Abtar, Rana: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Abu-Hamdyia, Reema: Russia Today Television

Abukasem, Hassan: Radio Free Asia

Aburahma, Eyad: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Acharya, Niharika: Voice of America

Ackerman, Tom: Aljazeera International

Acosta, Jim: CNN

Adams, Brian: Reuters Radio & TV

Adams, Douglas A.: NBC News

Adams, Katy: WTTG-Fox Television

Adams, Marc: BBC

Addison, Quentin: Metro Teleproductions

Adlerblum, Robin: CBS News

Advani, Reena: National Public Radio

Aervitz, Irina: Federal News Service

Ahearn, Brian Marshall: East Coast Television

Ahlers, Mike: CNN

Ahmad, Asad: Voice of America

Ahmed, Ali: AP-Broadcast

Ahmed, Lukman: BBC

Ahmed, M. Anis: Voice of America

Aich, Atirath: Aljazeera International

Aiello, Jr., Augustine ``Bud'': National Public Radio

Aisida, Christopher: NBC News

Aitken, Cynthia: AP-Broadcast

Akahori, Yuichi: Nippon TV Network

Alami, Mohammed: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Albano, Thomas: CBS News

Alberter, William: CNN

Alcazar, Carlos: Hispanic Communications Network

Alcazar, Obdulia: Hispanic Communications Network

Alexander, Blayne: NBC News

Alexander, Clinton N.: CBS News

Alexander, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Alexander, Robert: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Alfa, Nadine: Reuters Radio & TV

Alford, Kelly: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Ali, Ahmed M.: FEDNET

Aliaga, Julio: WZDC-TV

Alimchandani, Manish: Voice of America

Aliyarova Horowitz, Dilshad: Voice of America

Allahyari, Gholamreza: Voice of America

Allard, John William: ABC News

Allard, Marc: BBC

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Darrell: Voice of America

Allen, Keith: Reuters Radio & TV

Allison, Lynn Quarles: WETA

Almanza, Armando: Ventana Productions

Almeleh, John: Pacifica Radio

Alnwick, Melanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Alrawi, Khaldoun: AP-Broadcast

Alvey, Jay: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Amirault-Michel, Theresa: C-SPAN

Amkas, Karlina: Voice of America

Ammerman, Stuart: CBS News

Amparo, Raquel Divina: WTTG-Fox Television

Anastasi, Patrick: NBC News

Anderson, Carl: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Anderson, Charles: WETA

Anderson, Chinita: National Public Radio

Anderson, Patrick: Swiss Broadcasting

Andrews, Wyatt: CBS News

Ang, Sarita: Voice of America

Angelini, Mark: Belo Capital Bureau

Angle, James L.: Fox News

Angrand, Salome: Medill News Service

Anna, Ubeda: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Anthony, Karyn: CBS News

Antonie, Victor: Reuters Radio & TV

Anyse, Alana: Fox News

Aoun, Larissa: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Apte, Aunshuman: Voice of America

Aragon, Carlos O.: WPWC-AM (Radio Fiesta)

Arcega, Milandro: Voice of America

Archer, Nelson: CNN

Archuleta, Eddie: CBS News

Archuleta, John: CBS News

Arena, Bruno: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Arensberg, Chloe: CBS News

[[Page 1000]]

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Arestad, Anders: C-SPAN

Arioka, Kaori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Armfield, Robert: Fox News

Armstrong, Patricia M.: ABC News

Armstrong, Thomas Ayres: ABC News

Armwood, Adrian: CBS News

Arnold, Howard Clayton: WTTG-Fox Television

Arreaga, Marco Vinicio: CNN

Artesona, Eva: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

Arthy, Sally: Sky News

Ary, Haider: Voice of America

Aryankalavil, Babu: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Asaoka, Motoyasu: TV Tokyo

Asher, Julie: TF1-French TV

Assmann, Karin: Spiegel German TV

Assuras, Thalia: CBS News

Atai, Shahin: C-SPAN

Atif, Muhammad: Voice of America

Atkinson, Emily: CNN

Attawia, Moaz: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

Attkisson, Sharyl: CBS News

Aubrey, Allison: National Public Radio

Augenstein, Neal: WTOP Radio

Augustus, Shannon: C-SPAN

Auster, Bruce: National Public Radio

Austin, Jonathan: CTV Canadian TV

Austin, Kenneth: NBC News

Ausura, Bret: NBC News

Avary, Max: Radio Free Asia

Avloshenko, Maxim: Russia Today Television

Avrutine, Matthew: CNN

Awada, Mohamad: AP-Broadcast

Aynte, Abdirahman: BBC

Azais, Jean Pascal: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Azizzada, Abdul Ahad: Voice of America

Azzam, Heni: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Baader, Johann Tobias: German TV ARD

Baber, Christine: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Bacheler, David: CNN

Bachenheimeri, Stephan: Deutsche Welle TV

Baghi, Baubak: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Bagnall, Thomas: Voice of America

Bagnato, Barry: CBS News

Baier, Bret: Fox News

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

Bajoghli, Ramin: Voice of America

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

Baker, Dai: Independent Television News (ITN)

Baker, Les: Fox News

Baker, Sarah E.: CNN

Balinovic, Daniel: Reuters Radio & TV

Ballasy, Nicholas: CNSNEWS.COM

Ballou, Jeff: Aljazeera International

Balsamo, James: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Ban, Hyeonju: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Banaszak, Brendan: National Public Radio

Banerjee, Sreya: Reuters Radio & TV

Banhawy, Fahd: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

Banjanovic, Almir: CNN

Banks, Erik: CNN

Banks, James: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Banks, Josh: Fox News

Banks, Mark: ABC News

Banks, Morris: CBS News

Bannigan, Mike: Fox Business Network

Banville, Lee: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Barba, Patricia Yolanda: C-SPAN

Barbour, Lantz: Eye-To-Eye Video

Barnard, Bob: WTTG-Fox Television

Barnd, Jeff: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Barnes, Audrey: WUSA-TV

Barnes, Chris: Fox News Radio

Barnes, David: Community TV of PG's

Barnes, Peter: Fox Business Network

Barnett, Christopher: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Barnett, James: CNN

Baroody, Emaile: AP-Broadcast

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barreda, Eric: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Barrett, C. Wesley: Hearst-Argyle Television

Barrett, Kathryn: ABC News

Barrett, Natasha: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Barrett, Ted: CNN

Barreyre, Christophe: TF1-French TV

Barshak, Valery: Aljazeera International

Bartlett, Scott: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Bartlett, Stephen: CNN

Barton, Tomoko: Fuji TV Japan

Basch, Michelle: WTOP Radio

Bascom, Jon: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Bash, Dana: CNN

Basinger, Stuart: Fox News

Baskerville, Kia: CBS News

Bassas, Antoni: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

Bastien, Andrew: Aljazeera International

Bate, Dana: Nightly Business Report

Batten, Rodney: NBC News

Baumel, Susan: Voyage Productions

Bautista, Mark: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Bawa, Malini: Fox News

Baydalov, Pavel: Channel One Russian TV

Baylor, Demetra: Aljazeera International

Bays, James: Aljazeera International

Baysden III, Earl T.: WTTG-Fox Television

Beahn, James: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 1001]]

Beal, Kate: WTOP Radio

Beale, Jonathan: BBC

Beall, Gary: NBC News

Beatty, Laura: Al Arabiya TV

Bebic, Damir: Voice of America

Beck, Katie: BBC

Becker, Bruce: Fox Business Network

Becker, Chris: Fox News

Becker, Farrel: CBS News

Becker, Frank: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Bediako, Regina: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Beemsterboer, Nicole: National Public Radio

Bejarano, Mark: National Public Radio

Belcher, Christopher: BBC

Bell, Alfred: NBC News

Bell, Brad: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Bell, Reginald Joey: NBC News

Bellard, Joseph: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Bellis, Michael: NBC News

Belter, Stephen Lowell: C-SPAN

Bena, John: CNN

Bender, Bob: ABC News

Bender, Jason: C-SPAN

Benetato, Michael: NBC News

Benitez, Barbara: Aljazeera International

Benjamin, Brian: ABC News

Bennett, Justin: NBC News

Bennett, Mark R.: CBS News

Bennett, Shepard: SRN News (SALEM)

Bensen, Jackie: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Benson, Miles: Link TV

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Bentz, Leslie Ann: CNN

Bentz, Thomas: CNN

Berenstein, Erica E.: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

Bergel, Jenni: National Public Radio

Berger, Judson: Fox News

Bergmann, Christina: Deutsche Welle TV

Berko, Art: Viewpoint Communications

Berman, David: CNN

Bernardini, Laura: CNN

Bernier, Marc: Talk Radio News Service

Bernius, Andrew: C-SPAN

Bertelli, Mara: Swiss Broadcasting

Berti, Barbara: CNN

Best, Tanisha: NBC News

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Bevington, Ben: BBC

Beyer, Kevin: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Beyer, William: WTTG-Fox Television

Bezdrob, Shayla: Fox News

Bharania, Anoopam: Reuters Radio & TV

Bhatia, Varuna: Fox News

Bickel, Charles: East Coast Television

Biddle, Michael: C-SPAN

Biggs, Mark: Aljazeera International

Bintrim, Tim R.: NBC News

Bird, Charles: Irish Radio & TV (RTE)

Bishara, Marwan: Aljazeera International

Bistis, George: Voice of America

Bivens, Laquasha: CNN

Bjoergaas, Tove: Norwegian Broadcasting

Black, Phillip M.: ABC News

Blackburn, Regina: NBC News

Blackman, Jay: NBC News

Blackman, John: NBC News

Blackwill, Sarah: NBC News

Blakley, Jonathan: National Public Radio

Blanchet, Sharon: BBC

Blanco, Hugo: AP-Broadcast

Blanco, Iscar: Voice of America

Blandburg, Victor: Irish Radio & TV (RTE)

Blitzer, Wolf: CNN

Block, Deborah: Voice of America

Block, Melissa: CNN

Block, Melissa: National Public Radio

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

Blount, Jeffrey: NBC News

Blythe, Andrew: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Bo, Teresa: Aljazeera International

Bock, Nicolas: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bodnar, John: CNN

Bohannon, Garrett: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Bohannon, Joseph: NBC News

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Bohrman, David: CNN

Boland, Siobhan: C-SPAN

Bolduan, Katherine: CNN

Bonamigo, Bruno: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Bonds, Howard: Aljazeera International

Booker, Brakkton: National Public Radio

Bookhultz, Bruce: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Boone, Dannie: C-SPAN

Borger, Gloria: CNN

Borniger, Herta: German TV ARD

Bortner, Christopher: CNN

Bosch, Anna: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Bosch van Rosenthal, Eelco: NOS DUTCH PUBLIC RADIO & TV (VRT)

Bosland, Katie MacLean: ABC News

Bost, Mark: WUSA-TV

Boswell, Craig: Fox News

Boughton, Bryan: Fox News

Bouleau, Gilles: TF1-French TV

Bowen, Timothy: WETA

Bowman, Michael: Voice of America

Bowman, Quinn: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Bowman, Tom: National Public Radio

Bowser, Betty Ann: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Boyd, Wayne F.: ABC News

[[Page 1002]]

Brablec, Radek: National Public Radio

Bradley Hagerty, Barbara: National Public Radio

Bragale, Charles: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Bragg, Jennifer: Aljazeera International

Bramson, Robert E.: ABC News

Branche, Glennwood: ABC News

Brandt, John: Fox News

Brandus, Paul: Talk Radio News Service

Branigan, Pat J.: The Washington Bureau

Bransford, Fletcher: Fox News

Brasch, Darci: WTOP Radio

Braun, Joshua: CNN

Brawner, Greta: C-SPAN

Bream, Shannon: Fox News

Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

Brevner, Michael: CNN

Brewer, Katherine: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Brewton, Fashela: NBC News

Brickley, Adam: CNSNEWS.COM

Brieger, Annette: German TV ARD

Bright, Whitney: NBC News

Brinkley, Danielle: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Briski, Natasa: PRO Plus

Britch, Ray: CNN

Britt, Lanna: Fox News

Brittain, Becky: CNN

Brock, Alan Matthew: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Brockman, Joshua: National Public Radio

Brody, David: CBN News

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Broleman, Michael: NBC Newschannel

Bronstein, Scott: CNN

Brookes, Adam: BBC

Brooks, Kurt: WUSA-TV

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Broom, Jr., William Wescott: WUSA-TV

Brower, Brooke: NBC News

Brown, Adam: NBC News

Brown, Christopher: Talk Radio News Service

Brown, Dana: Hearst-Argyle Television

Brown, Daniel: WTTG-Fox Television

Brown, Daryl: WTTG-Fox Television

Brown, Edgar: Fox News

Brown, Gavin: Morningside Partners, LLC

Brown, Henry M.: ABC News

Brown, Jeffrey: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Jerome: Voice of America

Brown, Joel L.: CBS News

Brown, Kathy: Radio One

Brown, Kristi: CBS News

Brown, Malcolm: Feature Story News

Brown, Matt: CN8 The Comcast Network

Brown, Pamela: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Paul: National Public Radio

Brown, Randall: NBC News

Brown, Sarah: Aljazeera International

Brown, Tracy Ann: AP-Broadcast

Browne, Kari: BBC

Bruce, Andrea: CBS News

Bruna, Gaby: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Bruns, David: AP-Broadcast

Bryant, Aubrey: WUSA-TV

Bryce, Alison Kairns: National Public Radio

Brzezinski, Mika: NBC News

Bua, Jon-Christopher: Sky News

Buchanan, Marisa: NBC News

Buck, Melanie: CNN

Buckhorn, Burke: CNN

Buckland, Carol: CNN

Buckley, Julia Redpath: National Public Radio

Buehler, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Buel, Meredith: Voice of America

Bullard, Larry: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Bullard Harmon, Susan: CBS News

Bullock, Peter: Reuters Radio & TV

Bullock, Tom: National Public Radio

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Burch, Brian: CNN

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burgarella, Hunter: CNN

Burgdorf, Louis: NBC News

Burke, James: C-SPAN

Burke, Michael C.: Voice of America

Burketh, Ivan: National Public Radio

Burkowske, Andrew: Reuters Radio & TV

Burlij, Terence: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Burnett, Gordon: Radio Free Asia

Burns, Alison: Cox Broadcasting

Burton, Alex: Aljazeera International

Burton, Matthew W.: ABC News

Bushman, Monica: America Abroad Media

Bustamante, Antonio: Televisa News Network (ECO)

Butcher, Robert E: National Public Radio

Butler, James M.: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Butler, Norman Anthony: NBC News

Butler, Shannan: CNN

Byrne, Joseph: Talk Radio News Service

Byrnes, Dennis: National Public Radio

C. W. Hsu, Roger: Voice of America

Cabral, Juan E.: CNN

Cacas, Max: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Cadoret, Remi: TF1-French TV

Cahill Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Caifa, Karin: CNN

Calder, William: CBS News

Caldwell, Leigh Ann: Free Speech Radio News

Caldwell, Traci: NBC News

Calfat, Marcel: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Calo-Christian, Nancy: C-SPAN

Camarda, Tim: Viewpoint Communications

[[Page 1003]]

Cameron, Carl: Fox News

Cameron, Scott: National Public Radio

Campbell, Barbara: National Public Radio

Campbell, Christopher: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Campbell, Colin: ATN Productions, LTD.

Campbell, Karen: Community TV of PG's

Cancelleri, Heidi: East Coast Television

Candia, Kirsten: German TV ZDF

Canizales, Cesar Alberto: Fox News

Caperton, Katherine: XM Satellite Radio

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Capuchinho, Marcelo: TV Globo International

Caravello, David: CBS News

Carberry, Sean: America Abroad Media

Cardarelli, John: C-SPAN

Carey, Julie: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Carlson, Brett: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Carlson, Brett: NBC Newschannel

Carlson, Christopher: ABC News

Carlson, Steve: Fox News

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Broadcasting

Carlsson, Lisa: Swedish Broadcasting

Carner, John: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Carney, Keith: FEDNET

Caronello, Sophie: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Carpeaux, Emily: Feature Story News

Carpel, Michael: Fox News

Carpio, Erick: WZDC-TV

Carr, Martin: WETA

Carrick, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Carrillo, Silvio: Aljazeera International

Carroll, Alfred G.: East Coast Television

Carroll, Patricia: CNN

Carson, Charles: WTTG-Fox Television

Carter, Brianne: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Carter, Christopher: CNN

Carter, Dave: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Carter, Jr., Walter: Fox News

Casanas, Juan: Fox News

Casey, Libby: Alaska Public Radio Network

Casey, Sean: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Cassano, Joseph Angelo: East Coast Television

Cassidy, David: Belo Capital Bureau

Castiel, Carol: Voice of America

Catanza, Damian Ross: Fox Business Network

Cates, Ann: Marketwatch

Catherine, Carl Cyril: ABC News

Catrett, David Keith: CNN

Causey, Mike: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Cavin, Anthony: CBS News

Cawley, Kevin: Aljazeera International

Cecil, Brenda: Deutsche Welle TV

Centanni, Steve: Fox News

Cetta, Denise: CBS News

Chaboudez, Patrick: Swiss Broadcasting

Chace, Zoe: National Public Radio

Chaggaris, Steven: CBS News

Chandler, Matthew: Aljazeera International

Chang, Ailsa: National Public Radio

Chang, Darzen: WETA

Chang, Min: New Tang Dynasty TV

Chang, Peggy: Voice of America

Changuris, Zeke: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Channell, Warren: CNN

Chapin, Edith: CNN

Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Chapman, Maria: Aljazeera International

Chapman, Michael W.: CNSNEWS.COM

Chappell, Jill: CNN

Charpa, Silvia: German Broadcasting Systems-ARD

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chattman, Tanya: C-SPAN

Chavez, Roby: WTTG-Fox Television

Chaytor, David: WUSA-TV

Chell, Lindsay: CBS News

Chen, Yi Qiu: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

Chenevey, Steve: WTTG-Fox Television

Cherkaoui, Adil: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Cherkuru, Kavitha: Aljazeera International

Chernenkoff, Kelly: Fox News

Cherouny, Robert: Aljazeera International

Cherquis, Gustavo: WZDC-TV

Chevez, Carlos: National Public Radio

Chicca, Trish: CNN

Chick, Jane S.: CBS News

Chimes, Art: Voice of America

Ching, Nike: Voice of America

Chinn, Lisa: ABC News

Chinn Lucie, Surae: WUSA-TV

Chirinos, Carlos: BBC

Cho, Eunjung: Voice of America

Cho, Soo Hyun: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Chophel, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Chrisinger, Travis Renee: ABC News

Christian, George: CBS News

Chung, E-Ting: CTI-TV (Taiwan)

Cilberti, David: CNN

Cinque, Vicente: TV Globo International

Claar, Matthew: C-SPAN

Clark, James: C-SPAN

Clark, Stephen: Fox News

Clark, Theodore E.: National Public Radio

Clary, Gregory: CNN

Clemann, William: WUSA-TV

Clemons, Bobby: CNN

Cline, Betsy: NBC News

Clugston, Gregory: SRN News (Salem)

Clune, Sarah: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cockerham, Richard: Fox News

Cocklin, Anne: ABC News

Cocklin, Stephen: ABC News

Coffey-Lambert, Claudia: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 1004]]

Coffman, Mary: Medill News Service

Cofske, Harvey: Irish Radio & TV (RTE)

Cohen, Josh: C-SPAN

Cole, Bryan: Fox News

Coleman, Steven: AP-Broadcast

Coleman, Thomas: CBS News

Coles, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Colimore, Eric: Fox News

Coll, Dennis: National Public Radio

Collender, Howard: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce D.: C-SPAN

Collins, Maxine: BBC

Collins, Michael: Voice of America

Collins, Pat: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Collins, Sr. Russell W.: East Coast Television

Colson, Allison: CNN

Colton, Michael: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Combs, Cody: CNN

Compton, Woodrow: CNN

Conan, Neal: National Public Radio

Concaugh, Jr., Joseph: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Coney, Carol: CBS News

Conlin, Sheila: NBC Newschannel

Conneen, Mike: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Conner, Eric: Fox News

Connolly, Camille: CBS News

Connolly, Kevin: BBC

Connor, Brendan: Aljazeera International

Connors, Ben: Aljazeera International

Connors, Erin: ATN Productions, LTD.

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conroy, Margaret: NBC News

Contreras, Glenda: Telemundo Network

Contreras, Jorge: Univision

Conway, Zoe: BBC

Cook, Court: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Cook, James L.: C-SPAN

Cook, Peter: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Cooke, David M.: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Cooke, Joe: ABC News

Coomarasamy, James: BBC

Cooper, Caroline: HD Net

Cooper, John: CBS News

Cooper, Rebecca J.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Cordes, Nancy: CBS News

Corner, Cleve: C-SPAN

Cornish-Emery, Audie: National Public Radio

Correa, Pedro: Telemundo Network

Correro, Michael: Aljazeera International

Cortez, William Fernando Pinzon: Telesur

Costantini, Bob: CNN

Costello, Amanda Elizabeth: CNN

Costello, Thomas: NBC News

Cote, Timothy: ABC News

Cotterman, Christina: Fox News

Coudoux, Sylvain: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Coulter, Pam: ABC News

Courson, Paul: CNN

Cousins, Bria C.: CNBC

Cover, Matthew: CNSNEWS.COM

Cowman, Chris: East Coast Television

Coyte, Benjamin: CNN

Craca, Thomas: CBS News

Craig, John: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Craig, John: East Coast Television

Crandall, Jennifer Chang: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Cravedi, Dennis: C-SPAN

Craven, William C.: National Public Radio

Crawford, James: CNN

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Crawford Greenburg, Jan: ABC News

Crawley, Plummer: CNBC

Creswell, Kelly: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Cridland, Jeffrey: WUSA-TV

Crosariol, Paul Michael: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Crosswhite-Chigbue, Karla: CNN

Crowley, Candy: CNN

Crowley, Dennis: United News and Information

Crudele, Bethany: CNN

Crum, John: CBS News

Crupi, Nick: Voice of America

Crutchfield, Curtis: Community TV of PG's

Cruz, Danny: Federal News Service

Csonka, Judit: Hungarian News TV

Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

Culbertson, Danielle: Aljazeera International

Culhane, Patricia: NBC News

Cullen, Michael: National Public Radio

Cullum, James W.: Talk Radio News Service

Cunha, John: CNN

Cunningham, Anthony: Reuters Radio & TV

Curran, Patrick J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curtis, Alexander: C-SPAN

Curtis, Jodie: Fox News

Czaplinski, Michael: National Public Radio

Czzowitz, Greg: C-SPAN

Dahiya, Nishant: National Public Radio

Dahl, Heather: Feature Story News

Dalbah, Mohammad: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Dalmasy, Patricia: Voice of America

Daly, Corbett B.: Thomson Reuters

Daly, John: CBS News

Damdul, Dorjee: Radio Free Asia

Danielewicz, Joe: Fox News

[[Page 1005]]

Daniels, Pete: C-SPAN

d'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

Dao, Thao: Radio Free Asia

Dargakis, Minas: Voice of America

Daschle, Kelly: AP-Broadcast

d'Auchamp, Elisabeth: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

Daugherty, Jeffery: Voice of America

Davenport, Anne: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Davie, Bianca: AP-Broadcast

Davieaud, Helene: TF1-French TV

Davis, Clinton: WTTG-Fox Television

Davis, Jennifer: Fox News

Davis, Marcus: CNN

Davis, Mitch: Fox News Radio

Davis, Patrick A.: CNN

Davis, Rebecca: National Public Radio

Davis, Tanya: C-SPAN

Davoudi, Rima: Aljazeera International

Davydov, Allan: Radio Free Europe

Day, Kara: CNN

De Chalvron, Alain: France 2 Television

de Franceschi, Jela: Voice of America

de Guise, Louis: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

De La Cruz, Benedict: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

De La Torre, Gloria Vanessa: Caracol Television

de Nies, Yunji Elisabeth: ABC News

de Schaetzen, Emilie: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

de Sola, David: CNN

de Vega, Carlos: CNN

Dean, Erika: National Public Radio

Debre, Guillaume: TF1-French TV

DeCherd, Chris: Voice of America

Decker, Jonathan: Reuters Radio & TV

DeFrank, Debra: Fox News

Dehghanpour, Siamak: Voice of America

del Pino, Javier: Cadena Ser

Delargy, Christine: CBS News

Delfour, Stephane H.: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

D'Elia, Bartholomew Joseph: CBS News

Delta, Monica Cecilia: Univision

DeMar, Brian: National Public Radio

DeMarco, Lauren: WTTG-Fox Television

Demarest, Sarah: NBC News

DeMark, Michael Angelo: Adventure Hill ENG

DeMark, Michael: Fox News

Demas, William: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Dennert, Mary Pat: Fox News

Deputy, William: National Public Radio

DePuyt, Bruce: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Deroche, Sylvie: Swiss Broadcasting

Derville, Claire: Canal Plus French TV

Desgrosseilliers, Kate: C-SPAN

DeSimone, Bridget: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Desjardins, Lisa: CNN

Dessert, Tristan: TF1-French TV

Detrow, Jon: AP-Broadcast

Deveson, Max: BBC

DeVito, Andrea: Fox News

Dhindsa, Gurvir: WTTG-Fox Television

Dhue, Stephanie: Nightly Business Report

Diakides, Anastasia: CNN

Diamond, Aaron: France 2 Television

Diarra, Fatou: BBC

Diaz, Juan Carlos: Telemundo Network

Dickerson, Villinda: Aljazeera International

Diggs, Bridget: C-SPAN

Dillon, H. Estel: NBC Newschannel

Dills, Geoff: Independent Television News (ITN)

Dimmler, Erika: CNN

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Dineen, Dawn: Morningside Partners, LLC

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Dittmer, Bryan: ABC News

Divaris, Oliver: German TV ZDF

Dixon Gumm, Penny: Voice of America

Dixson, Charles H.: CBS News

Diylan, Jani: Voice of America

Djordjevic, Bratislav: Voice of America

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Dobbins, Colin: CNN

Dobhal, Deepak: Voice of America

Doebele, Constance: C-SPAN

Doell, Michelle: C-SPAN

Doherty, Brian: Fox News

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Dolce, Stephen: CNN

Dolma, Rigdhen: Radio Free Asia

Donaghy, Nina: Fox News

Donahue, Edward: AP-Broadcast

Donald, William: Eye-To-Eye Video

Donelan, Jennifer: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Donnison, Jon: BBC

Donovan, Beth: National Public Radio

Donovan, Brian: ABC News

Donovan, Christopher: NBC News

Dorcil, Cherubin: Voice of America

Dore, Margaret: Fox News

Dorning, Courtney: National Public Radio

Dorobek, Chris: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Dougherty, Danny: STATELINE.ORG

Dougherty, Jill: CNN

Dougherty, Mark: WUSA-TV

Dougherty, Martin: CNN

Dougherty, Paul G.: ABC News

Douglas, Dianna: National Public Radio

Dowlatshahi, Tala: Talk Radio News Service

Downey, Truval: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Doyle Belvedere, Jessica: WUSA-TV

Dozier, Kimberly: CBS News

Dress, Marc: Metro Teleproductions

[[Page 1006]]

Drosjack, Melissa: Fox News

Dubinsky, Inna: Voice of America

Dubroff, Richard: C-SPAN

Duckham, Justin: Talk Radio News Service

Duffy, Brian: National Public Radio

Dukehart, Coburn: National Public Radio

Dumpe, Megan: Fox News

Dunaway, John: CNN

Duncan, Michael J: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Dunkin, John: ABC News

Dunlavey, Thomas: CNN

Dunlop, William: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Dunn, Katia: National Public Radio

Dunn, Lauren: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Dunston, Andre: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Broadcasting

Durand, Lucho: Aljazeera International

Durham, Deborah: Univision

Durham, Lisa: CNN

Durham, Timothy: Aljazeera International

Durkin, Edward: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Durnin, Gordon: Aljazeera International

Dutton, Beth: Fox News

Dyball, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Dyer, Lois: CBS News

Eades, Jr., Paul: C-SPAN

Eagle, William: Voice of America

Eaton, Hugh: National Public Radio

Eaves, James: NBC News

Eborn, Katrice: C-SPAN

Ebrahim, Margaret: HD Net

Echevarria, Pedro L.: C-SPAN

Echeverria, Jamillah: WZDC-TV

Echols, Jerry: Fox News

Eck, Christina: German Press Agency

Eckert, Barton: WTOP Radio

Eckert, Jessica: Army Times Publishing Company

Edmondson, William: Fox News

Edson, Rich: Fox Business Network

Edwards, Brian: CBN News

Edwards, Camille: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Ehrenberg, Richard: ABC News

Eiras, Arlene: Reuters Radio & TV

Eisenbarth, Ronald: C-SPAN

Eisenhuth, Alfred Scott: NBC News

Eizeldin, Sam T.: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

El Masry, Faiza: Voice of America

El Murr, Jessy: BBC

El Sewaify, Mirona Mohamed: AP-Broadcast

Eldridge, James W.: Fox News

Eldridge, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

Element, Lee Ann: Aljazeera International

Elfa, Albert: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

Elgin, John: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

El-Hamalawy, Mahmoud: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Elhassani, Camille: Aljazeera International

Elizondo, Gabriel: Aljazeera International

Elkins, Brenda: Aljazeera International

Ellard, Nancy: NBC Newschannel

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Elliott, Angel: BET Nightly News

Elliott-Taylor, Debbie: National Public Radio

Ellis, Neal: National Public Radio

Elving, Ronals: National Public Radio

Elvington, Daniel Glenn: ABC News

Emanuel, Mike: Fox News

Enciu, Edward: C-SPAN

Endo, Sandra: CNN

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Engelke, Anja: German TV ARD

Engler, Per Anders: Swedish Broadcasting

Ensign, Ernie: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Epatko, Larisa: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Epstein, Steve: Fox News

Erbe, Bonnie: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Ernst, Charlotte: TV2-Denmark

Ernst, Manuel: German TV ZDF

Eroglu, Levent: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Espinosa, Ken D.: UPI.com

Espinoza, Cholene: Talk Radio News Service

Esquivel, Patricia: C-SPAN

Evans, Kendall A.: ABC News

Evans, Laura: WTTG-Fox Television

Everly, Thomas: Ventana Productions

Evstatieva, Monika: National Public Radio

Fabian, Kathleen: CNN

Fabic, Greg: C-SPAN

Facsar, Fanny: German TV ZDF

Faerber, Fritz: AP-Broadcast

Fagen, Joel: Fox News

Fahrendorff, Claus: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Fain, Dustin: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Faison, Al: Reuters Radio & TV

Fakhry, Ghida: Aljazeera International

Falls, John: CBS News

Fancher, Diane: STATELINE.ORG

Fang, Sabrina: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Fant, Barbara: NBC News

Fantacone, John L.: CBS News

Farid, Mahtab: USI NEWS

Farkas, Daniel: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

Farley, Tim: XM Satellite Radio

Farmer, Scott: East Coast Television

Farnum, Douglas: NBC News

Farrell, Kate: BBC

Fasman, Jonathan Elie: The Economist

[[Page 1007]]

Fattahi, Kambiz: BBC

Fay, Mary Beth: NBC News

Feather, Rich: Ventana Productions

Feeney III, Joseph A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Feeney, Susan: National Public Radio

Fehr, Stephen C.: STATELINE.ORG

Feist, Sam: CNN

Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

Fendley, Gail: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Fendrick, Anne-Marie: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Fennell, Dionne: Aljazeera International

Ferder, Bruce: Voice of America

Ferrero, Diana: Aljazeera International

Ferrigno, Tony: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Ferrise, Patrick William: XM Satellite Radio

Fessler, Pam: National Public Radio

Fetzer, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Fiegel, Eric James: CNN

Field, Andy: ABC News

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Fierro, Juan Martinez: Cope Radio (Spain)

Figura, John: CBS News

Filburn, Sean: Belo Capital Bureau

Fils, Dyane: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Finch, Mark: Fox News

Fingar, Craig: CNN

Finkel, Ben: Viewpoint Communications

Finland, Alexander: Fox News

Finney, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fishel, Justin: Fox News

Fisher, Harold Thomas: WHUR

Fisher, Kristen: WUSA-TV

Fitzgerald, Tom: WTTG-Fox Television

Fixel, Taryn: CNN

Flaherty, Lindsay: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Flanagan, Danielle: WUSA-TV

Flannery, Amy: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Fleeson, Richard: C-SPAN

Fleming, Bon: Nippon TV Network

Flintoff, Corey: National Public Radio

Flores, Cesar: BT Video Productions

Flynn, Michael: WUSA-TV

Flynn, Michael Francis: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Fodrea, Linda: Fox News

Fogarty, Kevin: Reuters Radio & TV

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Ford, Michael: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Ford, Sam: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Foreman, Thomas: CNN

Forman, David: NBC News

Fornoff, Matthias: German TV ZDF

Forrest, Kerri: CBS News

Forsyth, Robert: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Forsythe, Jonathan Putnam: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Forte, B.J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Foster, Carl: C-SPAN

Foster, Scott: NBC News

Foster, Tom: Fox News

Foster Mathewson, Lesli: WUSA-TV

Foty, Tom: CBS News

Foukara, Abderrahim: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Foundas, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Fournelis, Yianis: WTTG-Fox Television

Fowler, Maria: Gannett News Service

Fowlin, Joy: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Fox, David: ABC News

Fox, Jason Erik: Reuters Radio & TV

Fox, Michael: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peter: Reuters Radio & TV

Frado, John: CBS News

Frail, Marie: Reuters Radio & TV

Frame, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Frankel, Bruce: TF1-French TV

Franklin, Delroy: ATN Productions, LTD.

Frazier, William: C-SPAN

Frei, Matt: BBC

French, Michael A.: WTTG-Fox Television

French, Patrick: CBS News

Friar, David J.: AP-Broadcast

Fridrich, George: NBC News

Frieden, Terry: CNN

Friedman, Dave: Fox News

Friedman, Matthew: AP-Broadcast

Friend-Daniel, Kenya: CNN

Frost, Adrian Lee: Talk Radio News Service

Frost, Lovisa: Talk Radio News Service

Fry, Jim: Voice of America

Fuchs, Joanne: CNBC

Fullwood, Adrian: AP-Broadcast

Fulton, Bradley: CTV Canadian TV

Fung, Kenneth: Need To Know News

Fuquen, Luis: C-SPAN

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furman, Hal E.: CBS News

Fuss, Brian: CBS News

Fuss, Robert J.: CBS News

Futrowsky, David: Fox News

Fyanes, Jo Ann Marie: ABC News

Gabriel, Monica: CNSNEWS.COM

Gacka, Monica: Fox News

Gaeng, Timothy: Eye-To-Eye Video

Gaetano, Lawrence: NBC News

Gaffney, Dennis: NBC News

Gaffney, Matthew: WTTG-Fox Television

Gaffney, Patricia Ann: CNN

[[Page 1008]]

Gafner, Randall: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Gailey, Gretchen: Fox News

Galdabini, Christian: Fox News

Galey, Melinda Mizell: Fox News

Galindo, Fadia: CNSNEWS.COM

Galindo, Michael: BT Video Productions

Gallacher, Andy: BBC

Gallagher, John: C-SPAN

Gallagher, Joseph: Voice of America

Gallasch, Hillery D.: German TV ARD

Gallo, Dan: Fox News

Gamble, Hadley: Fox News

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Gao, Jun: China Central TV Bureau

Garber, Scott: CNN

Garcez, Bruno: BBC

Garcia, Alexandra: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Garcia, Gina: CBS News

Garcia, Guillermo: Reuters Radio & TV

Garcia, Joe: Fox News

Garcia, Jon D.: ABC News

Gardella, Richard: NBC News

Garg, Maya: Aljazeera International

Garifo, Stephen: WUSA-TV

Garlikov, Lydia: CNN

Garlock, John: C-SPAN

Garner, Dave: WTOP Radio

Garner, Jean: Aljazeera International

Garraty, Timothy C.: CNN

Garrett, Major: Fox News

Garsd, Jasmine: National Public Radio

Garvin, Keith: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gaskin, Keith: NBC News

Gasparello, Linda: White House Chronicle

Gassot, Philippe: ARTE TV

Gauntt, Tiffany: Fox News

Gauss, Martina: German TV ZDF

Gauthier, Arthur R.: ABC News

Gavasheli, Mindia Mikhailovich: Russia Today Television

Gebhardt, William: NBC News

Geewax, Marilyn: National Public Radio

Geldon, Ben: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Geleschun, Uwe: German TV ARD

Gelles, David: NBC News

Gelman, Micah: AP-Broadcast

Gembara, Deborah: Reuters Radio & TV

Gentilo, Richard: AP-Broadcast

Gentry, Pamela: BET Nightly News

Gentry, Robert: TV Asahi

George, John: WETA

George, Maurice: CNN

George, Pavithra: Reuters Radio & TV

Gergely, Valer: Voice of America

Gerrard, Ian: Federal News Service

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Getter, Thomas: Radio One

Gewargis, Natalie V.: ABC News

Geyelin, Philip: CBS News

Ghanem, Pierre: Al Arabiya TV

Ghattas, Kim: BBC

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbons, Gene: STATELINE.ORG

Gibbons, Sarah: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Gibson, Jake: Fox News

Gibson, Jenna: Fox News

Gibson, Sheri Lynn: NBC Newschannel

Giebel, Edward Adam: ABC News

Gieras, Cladia Melissa: WPWC-AM (Radio Fiesta)

Gilardoni, Diego: Swiss Broadcasting

Gilbert, Sarah: BBC

Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Gilkey, David: National Public Radio

Gillette, David: WETA

Gilliam, Dirk: CBS News

Gillis, Gary: Fox News

Gilman, Jeff: WTTG-Fox Television

Gilmore, John: CNN

Gimbel, Tara: ABC News

Ginebra, Nelson: NBC Newschannel

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Girouard, April: Fox News

Giusto, Thomas M.: ABC News

Gjelten, Tom: National Public Radio

Glass, Evan: CNN

Glassman, Matt: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Gleason, Norma: C-SPAN

Gleaton, Oji: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Glennon, John: Fox News

Glinton, Sonari: National Public Radio

Glynn, William: NBC Newschannel

Gmiter, Bernard: ABC News

Goddard, Andre: CNN

Goddard, Meghan: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Godinez, Hector: WZDC-TV

Godsick, Andrew L.: NBC Newschannel

Goggans, Stephanie: CNN

Gold, Lawrence: AP-Broadcast

Gold, Peter: Fuji TV Japan

Goldfein, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Goldman, David: Community TV of PG's

Goldman, Jeff Scott: CBS News

Goldstein, Jessica: National Public Radio

Goler, Wendell: Fox News

Gomes, Karina: Aljazeera International

Gomez, Ruben: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Gomez, Serafin: Fox News

Gonsar, Dhondup: Radio Free Asia

Gonyea, Don: National Public Radio

Gonzalez, Antonio R.: ABC News

Gonzalez, Carlos: WTTG-Fox Television

Gonzalez, John: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Gonzalez, Julio: Hispanic Communications Network

Goodall, Sam: CBS News

[[Page 1009]]

Goodknight, Charles A: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Goodman, Jeffrey: NBC News

Gorbutt, Richard: WUSA-TV

Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

Gordon, Herbert: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Gordon, Stuart: ABC News

Gorman, James W.: AP-Broadcast

Gorsky, Edward: NBC News

Gottlieb, Brian: BBC

Gould, Robert: C-SPAN

Gourley, Meghan: BBC

Gousha, Elizabeth: CNN

Gracey, David: CNN

Gradison, Robin: ABC News

Graham, Fred: Court TV

Gram, Steffen William: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Gramlich, John P.: STATELINE.ORG

Granda, Marco: Venezuela TV

Grange, Pierre: TF1-French TV

Granitz, Peter: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Grant, Neva: National Public Radio

Grappe, Marjolaine: France 2 Television

Grasso, Neil: CBS News

Graves, Lindsay: NBC News

Gray, James: CNN

Gray, Melissa: National Public Radio

Gray, Sean: Aljazeera International

Gray, Tim: C-SPAN

Graydon, James: CNN

Grayson, Gisele: National Public Radio

Greeley, Brendan Harrison: The Economist

Green, Barnaby: Sky News

Green, Jessie J.: WTOP Radio

Green, Molette Eileen: WHUR

Green, Travis: National Public Radio

Greenaway, Steve: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

Greenback, William: Voice of America

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC Newschannel

Greenbaum, Adam: Voice of America

Greenberg, Sarah: NBC News

Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

Greene, James M.: NBC News

Greene, Thomas: CNN

Greenfieldboyce, Nell: National Public Radio

Greenleaf, Devin: Aljazeera International

Greenspan, Samuel: Free Speech Radio News

Greenwood, John K.: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Gregory, David: NBC News

Greiner, Nicholas P.: ABC News

Gremaud, Seth: UPI.com

Grether, Nicole: AP-Broadcast

Griffin, Jennifer: Fox News

Griffin, Kevin R.: WETA

Griffith, Brandis: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Griffitts, William: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Griggs, Kendall: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Grigsby, Lee: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Groome, Marsha: NBC News

Gross, Andrew F.: NBC News

Gross, David: CBS News

Gross, Josh: CBS News

Gross, Jr., Eddie S.: CNN

Groth, Annette: Norwegian Broadcasting

Groussain, Caroline: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

Grzech, Cherie: Fox News

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Guerouani, Fayrouz: AP-Broadcast

Guest, Frank: Federal News Service

Guise, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Gunja, Arwa: National Public Radio

Gura, David: National Public Radio

Gural, Kathleen: East Coast Television

Gursky, Gregg L.: Fox News

Gusovsky, Dina: Russia Today Television

Gustafson, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Guthrie, Savannah: NBC News

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio and Press Service

Guzman, Armando: Azteca America

Guzman, Roberto: Azteca America

Gwadz, Joel: CBS News

Gyal, Palden: Radio Free Asia

Gyldensted, Cathrine: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Gypson, Katherine: America Abroad Media

Ha, Gwen: Radio Free Asia

Haan, Mike: CNN

Haas, Brian: ABC News

Habbick, Alan: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Haberl, Emma: Fox News

Habermann, Claudette: National Public Radio

Haberstick, Fred: Fox News

Habib, Elias: Al Arabiya TV

Hackel, Clifford: CNN

Hackett, Steve: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Hadad, Norman: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Haddad, Karim: Aljazeera International

Haefeli, Brian: Fox News

Hafiz, Jihan Fahema: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

Hager, Mary: CBS News

Hager, Nathan: WTOP Radio

Hagerty, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Haggerty, Patrick: This Week in Agribusiness (RFD-TV)

Hahn, Jay: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Hahn, Stephen: ABC News

Haidari, Mohamed-Ali: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Haider, Roquia: Voice of America

Haim, Laura: Canal Plus French TV

[[Page 1010]]

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Hakuta, Michael Akira: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Haley, Ron: Fox News

Halkett, Kimberly: Aljazeera International

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Haller, Sylvia: NBC News

Halloran, Liz: National Public Radio

Hamberg, Steven: Viewpoint Communications

Hamby, Peter: CNN

Hamilton, Christopher: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Hamilton, James: Aljazeera International

Hamilton, Valerie: German TV ARD

Hamrick, Mark: AP-Broadcast

Han, Carol: Cox Broadcasting

Handel, Sarah: National Public Radio

Handelsman, Steve: NBC Newschannel

Handleman, Michelle: CBS News

Handly, Jim: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Haning, Evan: WTOP Radio

Hanley, Patricia: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Hanneman, Kirk: Federal News Service

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hanson, Chris: C-SPAN

Hanson, David: NBC News

Harding, Alison: CNN

Harding, Claus L.: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Harding, Jillian: CNN

Hardy, Arthur: CBS News

Harima, Takushi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Harkness, Stephen: C-SPAN

Harlan, Jeremy: CNN

Harleston, Robb: C-SPAN

Harmon, Predi-Reko: CBS News

Harper, Steve: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Harris, Lanese: CNN

Harris, Leon: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Harris, Richard: National Public Radio

Harris, Roy: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Hartfield, Elizabeth: CBS News

Hartge, John: CBS News

Hartman, Brian Robert: ABC News

Hartman, Rome: BBC

Hartung, Kaylee: CBS News

Hartzenbusch, Lara: BBC

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Harvey, Kinsey: C-SPAN

Harwood, John: CNBC

Haselton, Brennan: WTOP Radio

Hash, James: WUSA-TV

Hass, Thomas: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Hassan, Alegra: CBN News

Hassan, Sara: Aljazeera International

Hastings Wotring, Melanie: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Hatton, Laura: New Tang Dynasty TV

Hattori, Ayumi: TV Asahi

Hatuqa, Dalia: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Hawke, Anne: National Public Radio

Hawkins, Shonty: WUSA-TV

Hay, Sally: Aljazeera International

Hayden, Marylynn: Aljazeera International

Hayes, Bryan: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Hayes, Monique: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hayes, Samantha: CNN

Hayley, Harold P.: Aljazeera International

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Hays, Guerin: CNN

Haywood, Barry: ABC News

Hazelton, Jennifer: Fox News

He, Yun: China Central TV Bureau

Healey, Sean: German TV ZDF

Hecht, Barry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heina, Martin: Fox News

Heiner, Stephen: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Held, Amy: WTOP Radio

Helm, Ronald G.: CNN

Helman, Jonathan: CNN

Henao, Liliana: WZDC-TV

Henderson, Ross: Aljazeera International

Hendin, Robert: CBS News

Hendren, John Edward: ABC News

Hendren, Karen: Reuters Radio & TV

Hendricks, Mark: CBN News

Henn, Stephen: Marketplace Radio

Henneberg, Mary Janne: Fox News

Henrehan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Henry, Ed: CNN

Henry, Jonelle P.: C-SPAN

Henry, Tanu: BET Nightly News

Herbas, Francis: Fox News

Herbst, Henry: Federal News Service

Herrera, Esequiel: ABC News

Herrera, Ruben: German TV ZDF

Herridge, Catherine: Fox News

Herrod, Michael: Independent Television News (ITN)

Hester, Deirdre: CBS News

Heyman, Leslye: C-SPAN

Hibbitts, Mi Jeong Y.: Voice of America

Hickman, Stacy: Fox News

Hidaka, Masano: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Hidaka, Yoshiki: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Higgins, Ricardo: NBC News

Higgins, Ricardo: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Highland, Dan: Hearst-Argyle Television

Hill, Benjamin F.: CNN

[[Page 1011]]

Hill, Dallas: C-SPAN

Hill, Lee: National Public Radio

Hill, Martin: Fox News

Hinds, Hugh: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Hinkle, Melisse Paige: UPI.com

Hirano, Ayuko: Nippon TV Network

Hirzel, Conrad: CNN

Ho, King Man: Radio Free Asia

Hoch, Maureen: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hochman, Jordana: National Public Radio

Hoder, Shawn: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Hodge, Darnley: CNBC

Hoessler, Christof: German TV ARD

Hoffman, Jessica: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hoffmaster, Bob: C-SPAN

Holden, Michael: C-SPAN

Holland, John: NBC News

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul: BT Video Productions

Holman, Kwame: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Holmes, LA: Fox News

Holter, Peggy: Aljazeera International

Holtschneider, Joseph: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Holtzman, Geoff: Talk Radio News Service

Honhadze, Myroslava: Voice of America

Hoodbhoy, Nafisa: Voice of America

Hooley, Gemma: National Public Radio

Hoover, Toni: CBS News

Hopkins, Adrienne Moira: Fox News

Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Hopper, Dave: BBC

Hopper, Douglas: National Public Radio

Horan, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Horcajuelo, Inigo: Spanish Public Television (TVE)

Horie, Tomoko: Nippon TV Network

Hormuth, Tom: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Horn, Charles: Viewpoint Communications

Horsley, Scott William: National Public Radio

Hosford, Matthew Alan: ABC News

Hotep, Amon: ABC News

Hou, Lijun: China Central TV Bureau

House, Jeremy: SRN News (Salem)

Houston, Karen Gray: WTTG-Fox Television

Hovell, Bret: ABC News

Hovell, Dean: ABC News

Howard, Cory R.: Fox News

Howard, James: National Public Radio

Howell, George: C-SPAN

Hoye, Matthew: CNN

Hristova, Rozalia: BBC

Hsieh, Yi-Pe: C-SPAN

Hsiung, Ya Hwa: Voice of America

Hssani, Nasser: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Hsu, Andrea: National Public Radio

Htike Oo, Thein: Voice of America

Htun, Kyaw Min: Radio Free Asia

Hubbard, Marge: CBS News

Huckeby, Paul: Fox News

Hudson, Adam: Fox News

Huebler, Ryan: WTTG-Fox Television

Huesch, Johanna: German TV ARD

Huff, Dan: AP-Broadcast

Huff, Priscilla: Feature Story News

Hughes, James: NBC News

Hughes, Megan: Cox Broadcasting

Hume, Brit: Fox News

Humeau, Thierry: Aljazeera International

Hung, Shirley: CNN

Hunn, Johney Burke: National Public Radio

Hunt, Al: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Hunter, Paul: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Hunter, Ryan: WUSA-TV

Huq, Ahsanul: Voice of America

Hurley, Charles: CNN

Hurley, Karina: Hispanic Communications Network

Hurt, James: NBC Newschannel

Hurtado, Eugenia Viviana: ABC News

Hussain, Iftikhar: Voice of America

Hussain, Samira: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Hussein, Mohammed: BBC

Hutcherson, Trudy: Aljazeera International

Hutchins, Argin: National Public Radio

Hutchinson, Heather: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Hyater, John: WETA

Hyatt, George: NBC News

Hyman, Mark: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Ibrahim, Homam: Aljazeera International

Ifill, Gwen: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Ii, Tadayoshi: TV Asahi

Ikonomi, Ilir: Voice of America

Ing, Lance: WTTG-Fox Television

Ingle, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Ingle, Julian: Aljazeera International

Ingram, Julian: Community TV of PG's

Inoue, Nami: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Inoue, Yusuke: TV Asahi

Inskeep, Steve: National Public Radio

Irvine, John: Independent Television News (ITN)

Irving, Terry: CNN

Irwin, Sarah: Reuters Radio & TV

Isaac, Denise: WZDC-TV

Isaac, Monique: East Coast Television

Isham, Christopher: CBS News

Jackson, Craig: CNN

Jackson, Jill: CBS News

Jackson, Katharine: Reuters Radio & TV

Jackson, Robert: National Public Radio

Jackson, Roberta: C-SPAN

Jackson, Ryan: Aljazeera International

Jackson, Samuel: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Jackson-Han, Sarah: Radio Free Asia

Jacobi, Steve: CBN News

[[Page 1012]]

Jacobs, Adia: CNN

Jacobson, Murrey: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Jaeger, Kevin: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Jaffe, Gary: Voice of America

Jaffe, Matthew: ABC News

Jafri, Syed: Voice of America

James, Frank: National Public Radio

James, Karen: CNBC

James, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Jamshidi, Kaveh: Voice of America

Jang, Myeong Hwa: Radio Free Asia

Janney, Oliver: CNN

Jansen, Lesa: CNN

Japaridze, NuNu: CNN

Jarboe, Brian: National Public Radio

Jarvis, Julie: NBC Newschannel

Jaskot, Sheila: C-SPAN

Jeannet, Francois: Swiss Broadcasting

Jeffrey, Terence: CNSNEWS.COM

Jeffries, Katherine: C-SPAN

Jenkins, David: CNN

Jenkins, Gene: CBN News

Jenkins, Keith: National Public Radio

Jenkins, William G.: Fox News

Jennings, Alicia: NBC News

Jennings, Claude: SRN News (Salem)

Jennings, Lori: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Jeong, Inseok: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Jermin, Ede: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Jesenicnik, Vlasta: RTV Slovenija

Jessup, John: CBN News

Jia, Elizabeth Yi Chao: WUSA-TV

Jibai, Wafaa: BBC

Jimenez, Martin: Fox Business Network

Jing, Hui: New Tang Dynasty TV

Joehnk, Astrid: German Public Radio (ARD)

Johnke, Tracy: Marketwatch

Johns, Joseph: CNN

Johnsen, Kyle: CNN

Johnson, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Johnson, Douglas: Voice of America

Johnson, Fletcher: ABC News

Johnson, Irene: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Johnson, Jennifer: NBC Newschannel

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kevin: Cox Broadcasting

Johnson, Kia: Reuters Radio & TV

Johnson, Paul: Global TV Canada

Johnson, Rich: Fox News Radio

Johnson, Rolanda: German TV ZDF

Johnson, Sasha: CNN

Johnson, Stephanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Johnson, Tiane: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Johnson-Wilson, Latraniecesa: C-SPAN

Johnston, Derek Leon: ABC News

Johnston, Jeffrey: CBS News

Johnston, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

Jonas, Megan: C-SPAN

Joneidi, Majid: BBC

Jones, Alex: CNN

Jones, Alvin: C-SPAN

Jones, Andrew: BBC

Jones, Andrew: C-SPAN

Jones, Athena: NBC News

Jones, Chelsea: Fox News

Jones, Chelsea: National Public Radio

Jones, Gwyneth: NBC News

Jones, Jenine: Aljazeera International

Jones, Kimberly: National Public Radio

Jones, Lyrone Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Nelson: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, S. Dawn: Talk Radio News Service

Jones, Torrance: Fox News

Jones, Victoria: Talk Radio News Service

Joost, Nathalie: Fox News

Jordan, Rosiland: Aljazeera International

Joseph, Akilah N.: ABC News

Josipovic, Sasa: Aljazeera International

Joslyn, James: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Joy, Richard: Ventana Productions

Joya, Steve E.: ABC News

Joyce, Christopher: National Public Radio

Joyce, Daniel: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Joyner, Arcelious: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Jubar, Muriel: Aljazeera International

Judge, Michael C.: CNN

Juma, Mamatjan: Radio Free Asia

Jung, Ahreum: Radio Free Asia

Jung, Mark: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Jung, Sung Min: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Kabbaj, Hakim: AP-Broadcast

Kafanov, Lucy: Feature Story News

Kalbasi, Bahman: BBC

Kalbfleisch, Catherine: Aljazeera International

Kallaugher, Kevin: The Economist

Kamilindi, Thomas: Voice of America

Kane, Heather: Aljazeera International

Kane, James F.: ABC News

Kanneth, Polson: ABC News

Kaplan, Bill: Metro Teleproductions

Kapp, Bonney Lea: CNN

Kapp, Bonney: Fox News

Kara-Murza, Vladimir: RTVI / ECHO-TV

Karl, Jonathan: ABC News

Karson, Danielle: Marketplace Radio

Kastan, Klaus: German Public Radio (ARD)

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Kato, Atsuchi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Kattar, Pierre: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Katz, Craig: CBS News

Kaufman, Rebecca: Aljazeera International

[[Page 1013]]

Kavanaugh, John M.: NBC News

Kay, Kathy: BBC

Kaye, Matthew: The Berns Bureau, Inc.

Kearney, Ali: Aljazeera International

Kearns, Kara: NBC News

Keator, John C.: National Public Radio

Keedy, Matthew: CBN News

Kehoe, Steven: C-SPAN

Keilar, Brianna: CNN

Keith, Tamara: National Public Radio

Kelemen, Michele: National Public Radio

Kell, Laura: Voice of America

Kellerman, Mike: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

Kelley, Alice: German TV ZDF

Kelley, Bridget: National Public Radio

Kelley, Colleen: Fox News

Kelley, Jon: C-SPAN

Kelley, Pamela: CNN

Kelly, Carol Anne Clark: National Public Radio

Kelly, Colin Francis: Army Times Publishing Company

Kelly, Mary Louise: National Public Radio

Kelly, Terence: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Kennedy, Robert: C-SPAN

Kennedy, Suzanne: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kenney, Colleen: WTTG-Fox Television

Kenny, Christopher: CNN

Kenny, Justin: Reuters Radio & TV

Kenworthy, Alison: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kenworthy, Zachary: Fox News

Kenyon, Linda: SRN News (Salem)

Kerchner, Eric C.: ABC News

Kerley, David P.: ABC News

Kerpen, Mati: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Kerr, Ryan: Fox News

Kessler, Jonathan L.: ABC News

Ketcham, Lew: C-SPAN

Kettlewell, Christian: AP-Broadcast

Keyes, Allison: National Public Radio

Keyes, Charley: CNN

Khader, Ibrahim: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Khalaf, Lina: Aljazeera International

Khalaf, Lina: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Khalaf, Mysa: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Khallash, Affra: ATN Productions, LTD.

Khallash, Taleb: ATN Productions, LTD.

Khallash, Zina: ATN Productions, LTD.

Khan, Huma: ABC News

Khan, Ilyas: Voice of America

Khan, Riz: Aljazeera International

Khananayev, Grigory: Fox News

Kharel, Ram C.: Sagarmatha Television

Khin, May: Radio Free Asia

Khyzhnyak, Nataliya: BBC

Kidd, Sally F.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kieffer, Vivian: Radio Free Asia

Kiendl, Robert: German Broadcasting Systems-ARD

Kiernan, Ryan: NBC News

Kilaru, Vandana: CNN

Killion, Nikole: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kim, Annabel: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Kim, Jin Kuk: Radio Free Asia

Kim, Keunsam: Voice of America

Kim, Sang Chul: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Kimmel, Denise: CTV Canadian TV

King, Caitlin: AP-Broadcast

King, Colleen: NBC News

King, John: CNN

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kevin G.: WUSA-TV

King Lilleston, Kristi: WTOP Radio

Kinlaw, Worth: CNN

Kinney, George P.: CNN

Kinney, Jeff: CNN

Kinney, Laura: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kinney, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kirby, Michael: FEDNET

Kirk, Beverly: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kirkland, Pamela: XM Satellite Radio

Kirn-Slaboszewicz, Mia: Aljazeera International

Kitanovska, Lilica: Voice of America

Klayman, Elliot: Eye-To-Eye Video

Klein, Erin: Voice of America

Klein, Kent: Voice of America

Klein, Richard G.: ABC News

Klein, Rob: Metro Teleproductions

Klenk, Ann: NBC News

Klinger, Carol: National Public Radio

Klopp, Felicitas: German TV ARD

Knapp, Timothy: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Knezek, Paul: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Knighton, David: C-SPAN

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, John: ABC News

Kodaka, Nami: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Kohno, Kenji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Kokufuda, Kaoru: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Komatsu, Yoshiyuki: TV Asahi

Kono, Torao: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Koolhof, Vanessa M.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Korff, Jay: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kornely, Michael: Voice of America

Kornely, Sharon: Medill News Service

Kornitzer, David: Federal News Service

Kornreich, Lauren: CNN

Kos, Martin: BT Video Productions

Koslow, Marc: NBC News

[[Page 1014]]

Kosnar, Michael: NBC News

Koster, Susan: Voice of America

Kotke, Wolfgang: Deutsche Welle TV

Kotke, Wolfgang: German TV ZDF

Kotuby, Stephanie: CNN

Kovach, Robert S.: CNN

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Krantz, Laura: National Public Radio

Kraus, Laura: CBN News

Kreinbihl, Mary: Fox Business Network

Kreindler, Virginia Coyne: NBC Newschannel

Kreuz, Greta: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Kroll, Donald Eugene: ABC News

Kross, Kathryn: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Kube, Courtney: NBC News

Kubota, Suzanne: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Kuczynski, Ronald: CNN

Kuhn, Eric: CNN

Kulkarni, Rohit: Voice of America

Kupper, Carmen: German TV ZDF

Kurcias, Martin R.: National Public Radio

Kyaw, Nay Rein: Radio Free Asia

Kyaw, Zaw Moe: Radio Free Asia

LaBella, Michael: Nightly Business Report

Labott, Elise: CNN

Laboy, Felix: C-SPAN

Lacey, Donna: Fox News

LaFollette, Marianna: Fox News

Laidman, Daniel Aaron: National Public Radio

Lamb, Brian: C-SPAN

Lambert, Brandon: Fuji TV Japan

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

Lamonica, Ely: Voyage Productions

Landay, Woodrow: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landers, Kim: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landphair, Ted: Voice of America

Landy, John: BBC

Lane, Christopher: WETA

Langen, Janne: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Langfitt, Frank: National Public Radio

Langguth, Dana: Aljazeera International

Langley, Kevin: National Public Radio

Lanningham, Kyle: Swedish Broadcasting

Lanza, Jessica: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Lanzara, Catherine: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Lapidus, Faith: Voice of America

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

Larsen, Greg: CBS News

Laslo, Matt: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Latendresse, Richard: GROUPE TVA

Latremoliere, France: NBC News

Laughlin, Ara: Community TV of PG's

Laughlin, James: CBN News

Laurin, Caroline: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Lavallee, Michael: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Laville, Molly: C-SPAN

Law, Katie: BBC

Lawn, Connie: Audio Video News

Lawrence, Chris: CNN

Lawrence, John: Ventana Productions

Lawson, Sam: CNBC

Lawton, Kim: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Layne, B. Christopher: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Lazar, Robert: C-SPAN

Lazernic, Ira: C-SPAN

Lazo, Larry: CNN

Le, Viet: National Public Radio

Le Du, Donaig: Radio France Internationale

Leake, Myron: CNN

Leamy, Elisabeth: ABC News

Lebedeva, Natasha: NBC News

LeCroy, Philip: Fox News

Lee, Andrea: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Lee, Charles Rusty N.: East Coast Television

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Edward: WETA

Lee, Erik: WTTG-Fox Television

Lee, Jessica: CNSNEWS.COM

Lee, Jin Seo: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Kyu: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Soo Kyung: Radio Free Asia

Legget, Dennis: Aljazeera International

Lehrer, Jim: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Leidelmeyer, Ronald: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Leiken, Katherine: German TV ZDF

Leist, Elizabeth: NBC News

Leister, Meaghan: Fox News

Lendzian, Kay: German TV ZDF

Lent, David: Fox News

Lentz, Rudiger: Deutsche Welle TV

Leong, Dexter: CBS News

Leong, Ming: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Lester, Paul: WUSA-TV

Levi, Michelle: CBS News

Levin, Rachel: Aljazeera International

Levine, Adam: CNN

Levine, Joanne: Aljazeera International

Levine, Michael: Fox News

Lewis, Avi: Aljazeera International

Lewis, Edward: Fox News

Lewis, Elliott: Hearst-Argyle Television

Lewis, Jerry S.: WETA

Lewis, John B.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Lewis, Nelson: Fox News

Lewnes, Lisa: Reuters Radio & TV

Lewnes, Pericles: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Li, Denise: CBS News

Li, Qinghao: China Central TV Bureau

Li, Wo Tak: Radio Free Asia

[[Page 1015]]

Liasson, Mara: National Public Radio

Libert, Tara: TV2-Denmark

Liberto, Jennifer: CNN

Libretto, John: NBC News

Licht, Christopher: NBC News

Lielischkies, Udo: German TV ARD

Lien, Arthur: NBC News

Lien, Jonathan: CBS News

Liffiton, Bruce: CBS News

Likowski, Alex: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Lilling, Dave: Metro Teleproductions

Lim, Jae-Hak: Radio Free Asia

Lim, Lister: Aljazeera International

Lin, Chuan: New Tang Dynasty TV

Lin, Dongwei: China Central TV Bureau

Lincoln, Diane: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lindberg, Lyle: Voice of America

Lindblom, Mark: C-SPAN

Linden, Louis: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Lindsey, Melvin A.: ABC News

Lingner, Tilman: Swiss Broadcasting

Linker, Ron: NOS Dutch Public Radio & TV (VRT)

Lipes, Joshua: Radio Free Asia

Liss, Sharon Kehnemui: Fox News

Lissit, Arleen: CBS News

Little, Craig: WTTG-Fox Television

Little, Walter: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Littleton, Philip: CNN

Litzinger, Sam: CBS News

Liu, Enming: Voice of America

Liu, Libo: Voice of America

Liu, Zhengzhu: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

Livingston, Scott: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Livingston, Stephanie: Fox News

Lloyd, Robert: East Coast Television

Lobel, Aaron: America Abroad Media

Lobodjinski, Keith: Need To Know News

Lockhart, Kathleen: NBC News

Lodoe, Kalden: Radio Free Asia

Loebach, Joseph W.: NBC News

Loeschke, Paul: C-SPAN

Logan, Christopher: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Logan, Lara: CBS News

Logan, Russell: C-SPAN

Londres, Eduardo: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Long, Culver: Reuters Radio & TV

Long, James V.: NBC News

Longmire, Jennifer: National Public Radio

Loper, Catherine: Fox News

Lopez, Edwing: Azteca America

Lopez, Juan Carlos: CNN

Lopez, Lesley: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Lopez, Myra B.: AP-Broadcast

Lopez-Isa, Anthony: WTTG-Fox Television

Lora, Edwin: CNN

Lora, Willie A.: CNN

Lord, Bill: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Lorek, Stanley: ABC News

Lormand, John: SRN News (Salem)

Losey, Andrew: CNN

Loucks, William: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Lowman, Wayne: Fox News

Luangkhot, Viengsay: Radio Free Asia

Lucas, Dave: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Lucas, Fred: CNSNEWS.COM

Lucas, Mary Grace: CNN

Lucchini, Maria Rosa: WFDC-TV Univision

Ludden, Jennifer: National Public Radio

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Luhn, Laurie: Fox News

Lukas, Jayne: Global TV Canada

Lund, Susan: National Public Radio

Lurch, Jr., David L.: NBC News

Lutt, Howard: CNN

Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Radio & TV

Lutz, Ellsworth M.: ABC News

Luzader, Doug: Fox News

Luzquinos, Julio: Ventana Productions

Ly, Sherri: WTTG-Fox Television

Lyders, Caroline: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Lynds, Stacia: Fox News

Lynn, Gary: NBC News

Lyon, Michael: Fox News

Lyons, Theodore: East Coast Television

Mabry, Krystal Michelle: CNN

MacDonald, James: CTV Canadian TV

MacDonald, Neil: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

MacFarlane, Scott: Cox Broadcasting

Macholz, Wolfgang: German TV ZDF

Mackaye, Amanda: CBS News

MacNeil, Lachlan Murdoch: ABC News

Maddux, Catherine: Voice of America

Madeeha, Anwar: Voice of America

Madorma, Tracey: Fox News

Maer, Peter: CBS News

Mager, Dickon: Sky News

Magleby, Marie: CNSNEWS.COM

Magnuson, Eric: WTTG-Fox Television

Maher, Heather: Radio Free Europe

Jchrowitz, Mike: Fox News Radio

Makelainen, Mika: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Makharadze, George: Aljazeera International

Makori, Vincent: Voice of America

Malbon, Joy: CTV Canadian TV

Malik, Mansoor: Voice of America

Malone, Freddie: NBC News

Malone, James: Voice of America

Malone, Junius: NBC News

Malone, Rodney: NBC News

Maltas, Michael: CNN

Manatt, Dan: Talk Radio News Service

[[Page 1016]]

Mandelson, Adam: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Mann, Jon: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Mannos, Sofia: AP-Broadcast

Manogue, Michael: ABC News

Manresa, Elizabeth: CNN

Mansour, Fadi: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Marantz, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Marchione, Mark Anthony: CNN

Marchitto, Tom: National Public Radio

Marcus, Gale: ABC News

Marder, Jennifer: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Maric, Goran: Aljazeera International

Marks, Carole: Talk Radio News Service

Marks, Simon: Feature Story News

Marno, Joseph: Aljazeera International

Marno, Mike: Aljazeera International

Maroney, Sean: Voice of America

Marquis, Melissa: National Public Radio

Marrapodi, Eric Christian: CNN

Marriott, Mai: CBS News

Marriott, Marc: CBS News

Marriott, Michael: CBS News

Marshall, Allison: CN8 The Comcast Network

Marshall, Kelly: CNN

Marshall, Nancy: Marketplace Radio

Marshall, Steve: CBS News

Martin, David: AP-Broadcast

Martin, David: CBS News

Martin, Michel: National Public Radio

Martin, Rachel Elizabeth: ABC News

Martin, Sam: C-SPAN

Martin, Wisdom: WTTG-Fox Television

Martin Ewing, Samara: WUSA-TV

Martin, Jr., James: ABC News

Martinez, Luis: ABC News

Martinez, Sandra: Aljazeera International

Martino, Jeffrey: WETA

Mason, Tabetha: Aljazeera International

Mastis, Lindsey Janiece: WUSA-TV

Mastrian, Michael J.: Radio TV Gallery

Masuda, Tsuyoshi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Mathieu, Joe: XM Satellite Radio

Matkosky, Tim: Cox Broadcasting

Matthews, Chris: NBC News

Matthews, Claude: NBC News

Matthews, Katrina: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Paul: CNN

Matthews, Ronald H.: CBS News

Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

Matzka, Jeffrey Alan: SRN News (Salem)

Mauro, Craig: Aljazeera International

Maxwell, Darraine: ABC News

May, Tim: Fox News

Mayhew, Linda Carol: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Mazariegos, Mark: CBS News

Mazyck, Robin: CBN News

McCabe, Valerie: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

McCalister, Sharon: National Public Radio

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean: C-SPAN

McCarty, D. Jay: CBS News

McCarty, D. Page: CBS News

McCash, Douglas: German TV ZDF

McCaughan, Timothy: CNN

McClam, Kevin: Fox News

McCleery, Kathleen: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

McClellan, Max: CBS News

McCloskey, George: Fox News

McClure, Tipp K.: Reuters Radio & TV

McConnaughey, Brian: FEDNET

McConnell, Alison: Need To Know News

McConnell, Dave: WTOP Radio

McConnell, Dugald: CNN

McCown, Gregory: ABC News

McCrary, Scott: CBS News

McCullough, Christopher Colin: Link TV

McDermott, Michele Marie: ABC News

McDermott, Richard: NBC Newschannel

McDevitt, Rebecca: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

McDonald, Mark: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

McDonald, Natashka Patricia: WTOP Radio

McDougall, Ian: Reuters Radio & TV

McEachin, Johnny: NBC News

McFadden, Kerith: CNN

McFadden, Samuel James: WTTG-Fox Television

McFarland, Patty: NBC News

McGarrity, Gerard: C-SPAN

McGarvy, Sean: WTTG-Fox Television

McGinn, Anne: Fox News

McGinty, Derek: WUSA-TV

McGlinchy, Jim: CBS News

McGrath, Megan: WRC-TV / NBC-4

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGreevy, Allen: BBC

McGuire, Ellen: NBC News

McGuire, Lorna: WTTG-Fox Television

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McHenry, Brittany: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

McHenry, Jr., Robert: ABC News

McIntosh, Denise: CNN

McKelway, Douglas: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

McKenna, Duncan: NBC News

McKenna, William: BBC

McKinley, Robert: CBS News

McKinney, Paul: Aljazeera International

McKnight, William Charles: CNN

McKnight, William: WUSA-TV

McLaughlin, Ross: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

McLellan, Daniel: CBS News

McManamon, Erin T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

McManus, Eleanor Spektor: CNN

[[Page 1017]]

McManus, Kevin Anthony: Global TV Canada

McManus, Michael: HD News

McManus, Nicole: NBC Newschannel

McMichael IV, Samuel J.: CNN

McMullan, Michael: CNN

McNair, Erik T.: ABC News

McNair, Romaine Desaree: WHUR

McNary, Kirstin: Fox News Radio

McNeely-Johnson, Helena: National Public Radio

McWhinney, David: Aljazeera International

Meadows, Mark: Need To Know News

Means, Jeffrey: Voice of America

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William: CNN

Medvee, Dennis: National Public Radio

Meech, James: CNN

Meehan, Brian: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Meghani, Sagar: AP-Broadcast

Mehrpore, Abdu: Voice of America

Meier, Markus: N-TV German News Channel

Mejia, Douglas: WZDC-TV

Melendy, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Melhem, Omar: Al Arabiya TV

Melhem, Richard: Al Arabiya TV

Melia, Mike: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Melick, Rob: Fox News

Melton, James: Metro Teleproductions

Meltzer, Erik Stephen: New Tang Dynasty TV

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision

Melvin, Craig: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Memmott, Mark: National Public Radio

Men, Kimseng: Voice of America

Mena, Alexia V.: CNN

Mendelson, Beth: Voice of America

Mendoza, Natalia: TF1-French TV

Mengel, Trenton: AP-Broadcast

Meraz, Gregorio: Televisa News Network (ECO)

Merena, Michael: National Public Radio

Mergener, Tara: CBS News

Merideth, Lila: AP-Broadcast

Merobshoev, Seeno: C-SPAN

Meserve, Jeanne: CNN

Messer, Christopher: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Metlin, Philip: WTTG-Fox Television

Metzger, Justin: C-SPAN

Metzger, Rochelle: Community TV of PG's

Meucci, Jason Robert: CNN

Meyer, Dick: National Public Radio

Meyer, Kerry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Michael, Yukiko: Nippon TV Network

Michaud, Robert: Aljazeera International

Mihmandarli, Bulut: Voice of America

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Milam, Greg: Sky News

Milenic, Alexander: WTTG-Fox Television

Miles, Jon: Aljazeera International

Milford, Robert H.: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Millar, Christopher: NBC News

Miller, Andrew Peter: C-SPAN

Miller, Annette: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Avery: ABC News

Miller, Bridget: CNSNEWS.COM

Miller, Elizabeth: BBC

Miller, Eric: Aljazeera International

Miller, Jason: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Miller, Josh: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Miller, Karen: Free Speech Radio News

Miller, Michael: Fox News

Miller, Mitchell: WTOP Radio

Miller, Paul Keith: CNN

Miller, Richard F.: Talk Radio News Service

Miller, Sunlen Mari: ABC News

Miller, Tim: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Mills, Chris: Fox Business Network

Mills, Joe: National Public Radio

Mills, Kate: C-SPAN

Milne, Claudia: BBC

Milstein, Jeff: America Abroad Media

Minkovski, Alyona: Russia Today Television

Minner, Richard: NBC News

Minor, Jon: FEDNET

Minoso, Guillermo: National Public Radio

Minott, Gloria: WPFW-FM

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitchell, Carrie: Federal News Service

Mitnick, Steven: NBC News

Miyake, Yuko: TV Tokyo

Moeller, Burke: Reuters Radio & TV

Mohan, Sabina: NBC News

Mohen, Peter: CNN

Mokhtari, Mohamed: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Molinares-Hess, Ione Indira: CNN

Molineaux, Diana: Radio Marti

Monack, David: C-SPAN

Monange, Arielle: France 2 Television

Monroe, Carol Taylor: CBN News

Montague, William: Norwegian Broadcasting

Montanaro, Domenico: NBC News

Monte, John: NBC News

Montenegro, Lori: Telemundo Network

Montero, Adrian Moya: ATN Productions, LTD.

Montero, Luisa Fernanda: Hispanic Communications Network

Monthei, Matthew: Aljazeera International

Montoro, Victor R.: C-SPAN

Mooar, Brian: NBC Newschannel

Moody, Kate: Feature Story News

Mooney, Alex: CNN

Moore, Dennis: Fox Business Network

Moore, Garrette: C-SPAN

Moore, Jacob: CBN News

Moore, Linwood: C-SPAN

[[Page 1018]]

Moore, Terrence: Metro Networks

Moore, W. Harrison: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Moorhead, Jeremy: CNN

Moorman, Jeffrey Roger: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Mora, Edwin: CNSNEWS.COM

Morales, Isabel: Hispanic Communications Network

Morales, Victor: Voice of America

Morehouse, Brittany Catherine: WUSA-TV

Morgan, Donald: CBS News

Morgan, Keith B.: ABC News

Morgan, Marcia: National Public Radio

Morgan, Nancy Gerstman: WETA

Moroney, Tom: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Morris, Amy: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

Morris, Peter: CNN

Morris, Sarah: BBC

Morrisette, Roland: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Morrissey, John: AP-Broadcast

Morse, Richard: Fox News

Morton, Dan: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: TF1-French TV

Moses, Lester: NBC News

Mosettig, Michael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mosley, Matthew: Fuji TV Japan

Moubray, Virginia: CNN

Mount, George M.: CNN

Moussa, Widiane: Independent Television News (ITN)

Moya, Anna Parachkevova: ATN Productions, LTD.

Mozaffari, Shaheen: NBC News

Mueller, Jens: German TV ARD

Mueller, John: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Mueller-Thum, Sabine: German Broadcasting Systems-ARD

Muhammad, Alverda: National Scene News

Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News

Muhammad, Seleena M.: Fox News

Muir, Robert: Reuters Radio & TV

Munford, Corey: Radio Free Asia

Munoz, Luis: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Munoz, Luis: Radio MARTI

Muratani, Tateki: Fuji TV Japan

Murphy, Frederick: NBC News

Murphy, John: CBS News

Murphy, Richard: WTTG-Fox Television

Murphy, Terry: C-SPAN

Murray, Elizabeth: Fox News

Murray, Mark: NBC News

Murray, Matthew: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Murray, Megan: Fox News

Murray, Timothy K.: Ventana Productions

Murry, Rosetta: CNN

Mursa, Alexander: Russia Today Television

Murtaugh, Peter: BBC

Murugesan, Vidya: NBC News

Musa, Imad: Aljazeera International

Musha, Jilili: Radio Free Asia

Muskat, Steven: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Muturi, Muthoni: National Public Radio

Myers, Lisa: NBC News

Myrick, Yetta: C-SPAN

Nadler, Gary: ABC News

Naidoo, Anand: Aljazeera International

Naing, Ingjin: Radio Free Asia

Najjar, Ruqaiyah: BET Nightly News

Namgyal, Tseten: Radio Free Asia

Napier, Genvieve: Aljazeera International

Napier, Joyce: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Narahari, Priya: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Nardi, William: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Nash, Renee Jacqueline: WHUR

Nason, Andrew: C-SPAN

Nathan, Caroline: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Nathan, Nancy: NBC News

Natsui, Yuki: TV Asahi

Nawaz, Amna: NBC News

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Neal, Jason: NBC News

Neapolitan, Michael: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Neefus, Chris: CNSNEWS.COM

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Neidenberg, Jennifer: CNN

Nelson, Christopher: National Public Radio

Nelson, Donna: NBC News

Nelson, James: Fox News

Nelson, Joseph: Washington Bureau News Service

Nelson, Marie: National Public Radio

Nelson, Suzanne: CNN

Neubauer, Kristin: Reuters Radio & TV

Neville, Shaun: Hearst-Argyle Television

Nevins, Elizabeth: NBC News

Newberry, Tom: NBC Newschannel

Nguyen, Anh: Fox News

Nguyen, Hoai: Radio Free Asia

Ni, Chia-Hui: TVBS

Nicci, Nicholette: CNN

Nicholas, Eric: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Nickerson, Dewayne: CBS News

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

Niiler, Eric: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Nikuradze, David: Rustavi 2 Broadcasting Company

Nisbet-Smith, Robert: Sky News

Nishigaki, Soichiro: Fuji TV Japan

Niu, Haifeng: China Central TV Bureau

Nixon, Adam: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Nocciolo, Ernest G.: CNN

Noguchi, Yuki: National Public Radio

Noh, Jung Min: Radio Free Asia

Nolen, John: CBS News

[[Page 1019]]

Noonan, Heidi: Fox News

Noonan, Terence James: WUSA-TV

Noor, Matiullah Abid: Voice of America

Norins, Jamie: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard A.: ABC News

Norma, Montenegro: WFDC-TV Univision

Norris, Christopher Charles: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Norris, Donna: C-SPAN

Norris, James: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Norris, Jane: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Norris, Michele: National Public Radio

Northam, Jackie: National Public Radio

Nowak, Christopher: CNN

Nunez, Jorge: WFDC-TV Univision

Nurenberg, Gary Keith: WUSA-TV

Nurre, Bridget: NBC News

Nyberg, Carina: Federal News Service

Nyrop, Siri E.: Voice of America

Nyunt Oo, Thar: Voice of America

Oakley, Angela Ann: WTTG-Fox Television

O'Banion, Beverly: CNN

O'Berry, D. Kerry: Fox News

Oberti, Ralf: Aljazeera International

Oblinger, Anne: CNN

O'Brien, David: NBC News

O'Brien, Jane: BBC

Och, Phillip Andrew: Fox News

O'Connell, Benjamin: C-SPAN

O'Connell, Mike: NBC Newschannel

O'Day, Andrew: Marketwatch

Odom, Quillie: Fox News

O'Donnell, Kelly: NBC News

O'Donnell, Norah: NBC News

O'Donnell, Patrick: Eye-To-Eye Video

O'Gara, Patrick M.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Offermann, Claudia: German TV ZDF

Ogasawara, Kazuya: TV Asahi

Ogulnik, John: Swiss Broadcasting

Oikonomou, Konstantinos: Aljazeera International

Oinounou, Mosheh: Fox News

Okorn, Peter: Aljazeera International

Olaya, Daniel: Hispanic Communications Network

O'Leary, Lizzie: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Olick, Diana: CNBC

Oliger, Brian: WTOP Radio

Olmsted, Alan: C-SPAN

Olson, Anna: Nightly Business Report

Orchard, Mark: Aljazeera International

O'Regan, Michael: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

Orr, Bob: CBS News

Osborne, Kyle: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

O'Shea, Jr., Daniel J.: ABC News

Oszancak, Hakan: AP-Broadcast

Ota, Kanako: TV Tokyo

O'Toole, Timothy James: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Otth, John: CNN

Ouafi, Mohamed Said: AP-Broadcast

Outen, Gwen: National Public Radio

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Overton, Heather: C-SPAN

Overton, Kathi: East Coast Television

Oyebanjo, Nike: C-SPAN

Ozug, Matt: America Abroad Media

Pace, Julie: AP-Broadcast

Pacheco, Antonio: WETA

Padilla-Cirino, Mercy: Hispanic Communications Network

Pagan, Louis: AP-Broadcast

Page, David: CBN News

Palacios, Glenn: Aljazeera International

Palca, Joe: National Public Radio

Palmeri, Tara: CNN

Panov, Alexander: RTVi / ECHO-TV

Panzer, Chester: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Papinashvili, Aleksandre: Rustavi 2 Broadcasting Company

Parabaniuk, Julia: Voice of America

Park, Jung-Woo: Radio Free Asia

Park, Kathy: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Parker, Andre: CNN

Parker, Beth: WTTG-Fox Television

Parker, Eric: Federal News Service

Parker, Glenn: Aljazeera International

Parker, Julie: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Parker, Robert Geoffrey: CNN

Parker, Sarah Elizabeth: CNN

Parkinson, John R.: ABC News

Parkinson, Malik C.: ATN Productions, LTD.

Parks, Chris: CNN

Parsell, Robert: Voice of America

Parshall, Janet: SRN News (Salem)

Pastre, Dominique: Fox News

Patrick, Dan: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Patruznick, Michael: C-SPAN

Patsalos, Connie: NBC News

Patsko, Daniel: ABC News

Patterson, Ashley: Belo Capital Bureau

Patterson, Jay E.: ABC News

Paulert, Ruediger: German TV ARD

Pauls, Hartmut: German TV ZDF

Paxton, Bradford S.: Fox News

Payne, Aaron C.: CNN

Payne, Nathan: CNN

Payne, Scott: AP-Broadcast

Payton, Strader: TV Tokyo

Paz Vergara, Miguel: CBN News

Peaches, Sandra: Community TV of PG's

Peacock, Grant: Fox News

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Radio & TV

Pearson, Hampton: CNBC

[[Page 1020]]

Pearson, Matt: Free Speech Radio News

Pearson, Vincent: National Public Radio

Peltier, Yves: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Pena, Ana Sarai: Telesur

Penaloza, Marisa: National Public Radio

Pennell, Elizabeth: Morningside Partners, LLC

Pennybacker, Gail: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Perez, Nitza: Telesur

Pergram, Chad: Fox News

Perkins, Anthony D.: WTTG-Fox Television

Perkins, Douglas W.: NBC News

Perkins, Vernon: C-SPAN

Perron, Marilisa: CBS News

Perry, Christina: C-SPAN

Perry, Herbert: CBS News

Perry, Michelle: NBC News

Perry, Jr., Timothy: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Peslis, Chris: Fox News

Peterson, Gordon: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Peterson, James: CBS News

Peterson, Karen: WUSA-TV

Peterson, Rebecca: CBS News

Peterson, Robert: CBS News

Petraitis, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Petras, William: NBC News

Pettigrew, Chris: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Peyton, Michael: CBS News

Pham, Jacqueline: Fox News

Pham, Than: Radio Free Asia

Philippon, Alan: CNN

Phillips, Sean: National Public Radio

Phillips, Steven: Reuters Radio & TV

Phimphachanh, Manichanh: Radio Free Asia

Pick, Lauren: Fox News

Pigott III, Bernard: Fox News Radio

Pillon, Annette: ABC News

Pimble, William: CBS News

Pinczuk, Murray: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Pineda, Juan: Ventana Productions

Pinzon, Wingel: Telemundo Network

Piper, Jeff: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Pitocco, Nickolas: C-SPAN

Pittman, Tom: WTTG-Fox Television

Pizarro, Fernando: Univision

Placie, Jordan: CNN

Plante, Gilles: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Plante, William: CBS News

Plater, Christopher: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Pliszak, Richard K.: ABC News

Plotkin, Mark: WTOP Radio

Poch, Reasey: Voice of America

Poduch, Shelby: NBC News

Poley, Michael: CNN

Policastro, Jacqueline: Lilly Broadcasting

Pollock, Zoe: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Polmer, Brendan: CNN

Poole, Michael: Eye-To-Eye Video

Pope, Lindsey: CNN

Popovici, Andrei: RTVi / ECHO-TV

Popp, Chris: CNN

Porsella, Claude L.: Radio France Internationale

Porteous, James: Aljazeera International

Porter, Almon: C-SPAN

Porter, Christina: C-SPAN

Porter, Taylor: C-SPAN

Portnoy, Steven A.: ABC News

Postovit, David: Hearst-Argyle Television

Potisk, Steve: Marketwatch

Potts, Charlotte: German TV ZDF

Potts, Tracie: NBC Newschannel

Poulin, Hugues: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Poulou, Penelope: Voice of America

Pourziaiee, Mehrnoosh: BBC

Powell, Brian William: Radio Free Asia

Powell, Dennis: ABC News

Powell, Lee: AP-Broadcast

Pozniak, Stephen: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Prah, Pamela M.: STATELINE.ORG

Pratapas, Lauren Marie: CNN

Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

Press, Robert: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Presutti, Carolyn: Voice of America

Price, Matthew: BBC

Primmer, Ryan: Reuters Radio & TV

Privitera, Alessandro: N24 German TV

Probst, Eva: German TV ARD

Pronko, Tony: C-SPAN

Publicover, Robert: WTOP Radio

Pugliese, Pat: CNBC

Pyon, Changsop: Radio Free Asia

Pyzyk, Katie: Fox News

Queen, Shegoftah: Voice of America

Quijano, Elaine: CNN

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, Jason: Ventana Productions

Quinn, John: Voice of America

Quinn, Mary: ABC News

Quinn, Saul: Ventana Productions

Quinnette, John: NBC News

Quinones, Manuel: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Quinonez, Omar A.: ABC News

Qureshi, Sophia: Aljazeera International

Rabbage, Mark: BBC

Rabin, Carrie: CBS News

Rabin, Mark: CNN

Rabkin, Job: Independent Television News (ITN)

Racki, Jason: Fox Business Network

Rad, Ali: Fox News

Radelat, Carmen: NBC News

Radia, Kirit M.: ABC News

Radu, Bogdan: CNN

[[Page 1021]]

Rady, Meaghan: NBC News

Raffaele, Robert: Voice of America

Rager, Bryan: Reuters Radio & TV

Rahman, Omar: AP-Broadcast

Raine, John Patrick: Aljazeera International

Rainey, Brian: Fox News

Rakes, Allison: CBS News

Ramchandani, Lavina: Hearst-Argyle Television

Ramienski, Dorothy: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Ramirez, Edwin: CNN

Ramirez, Fabiana: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Ramirez, Roselena: Telesur

Ramos, Rosario: UPI.com

Rampietti, Alessandro: Aljazeera International

Rampy, R. Grant: Tribune Broadcasting

Randev, Sonia: Community TV of PG's

Randle, Jim: Voice of America

Raney, Adam: Aljazeera International

Raphel, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Rathner, Jeffrey: WETA

Ratner, Ellen: Talk Radio News Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Rattansi, Shihab: Aljazeera International

Raval, Adi: BBC

Raval, Nikhil: C-SPAN

Raviv, Daniel: CBS News

Ray, Alonzo: NBC News

Ray, Branden: CNN

Reap, Patrick: CNN

Redding, William: ABC News

Redman, Justine: CNN

Reeder, Louis R.: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Reese, Howard: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Reeve, Richard: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Reeves, Alea: Aljazeera International

Reeves, Austin: WTTG-Fox Television

Refo, Jacqueline Nicole: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Reid, Charles: CBS News

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reinsel, Ed: Fox News

Remillard, Michele: Fox News

Remme, Klaus: Deutscheland Radio

Renaud, Jean: CNN

Renken, David: Fox News

Rensberger, Scott: TV2-Denmark

Resnick, Jon: AP-Broadcast

Rettenmaier, Daniela: German TV ARD

Reuter, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Reyes, Elaine: WTTG-Fox Television

Reyes, Malissa: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Reyes, Victor: Telemundo Network

Reynolds, Andrew: National Public Radio

Reynolds, Catherine C.: Cox Broadcasting

Reynolds, Douglas: ABC News

Reynolds, Judy: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Reynolds, Robert: Aljazeera International

Rhee, Hoin: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Rhodes, Charles Chedester: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Rhodes, Elizabeth: Fox News

Ricalde, Katheryn C.: Fox News

Ricciuti, Leah Marie: ABC News

Rice, Ben: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Rice, Jack: Talk Radio News Service

Richard, Sylvain: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Rickard, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Riddick, Marquita: Aljazeera International

Ridolfi, Sarah Santer: Fox News

Riess, Steffanie: German TV ZDF

Riggs, James: CNN

Riggs, Tyrone W.: ABC News

Rigney, Paul: C-SPAN

Riha, Anne Marie: Fox News

Riley, Charles Ramsden: CNN

Riner, Corbett: Fox News

Rios, Delia: C-SPAN

Rios-Hernandez, Raul: CNN

Riskin, Igor: Channel One Russian TV

Ritchie, Thomas: AP-Broadcast

Roach, Kevin: AP-Broadcast

Roane Skehan, Andrea: WUSA-TV

Robbins, Diana Claudia: German TV ARD

Robbins, Francisco: CBS News

Robbins, Michael: Fox News

Robbins, Sarah: BBC

Robert, Olivier: Eye-To-Eye Video

Roberts, Corinne: ABC News

Roberts, Jean Pierre: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Roberts, John: CNN

Roberts, Nathan: WTOP Radio

Roberts, Susan: CBS News

Robertson, Greg: CNN

Robertson, Tamara: Fox News

Robinson, Courtney: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Robinson, Daniel: Voice of America

Robinson, David: CNN

Robinson, Margaret: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Robinson, Querry: NBC News

Robinson, Veronica: WTOP Radio

Roca, Xavier: TV3-Televisio De Catalunya

Rocha, Juan: Ventana Productions

Rocha, Samuel: Reuters Radio & TV

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rocque, Tiffany: C-SPAN

Rodeffer, Mark: C-SPAN

Rodgers, William: Voice of America

Rodriguez, Eduardo: AP-Broadcast

Rodriguez, Janet: CNN

Rodriguez, Martine: C-SPAN

Rohrbeck, Douglas: Fox News

Rojas, Carlos A.: ABC News

Rokus, Brian: CNN

Roland, Abu Bakr: ABC News

[[Page 1022]]

Roller, Richard L.: ABC News

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC Newschannel

Romilly, George: ABC News

Roof, Peter: NBC Newschannel

Rose, Art: WTOP Radio

Rose, Francis: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Rose, Jeff: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Rose, Joe: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Rose, Raymond: NBC News

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosen, James: Fox News

Rosen, Nancy: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Rosen, Rachel: CNN

Rosenbaum, Jill: CBS News

Rosenberg, Andrew: National Public Radio

Rosenberg, Gary: ABC News

Rosenberg, Howard: CBS News

Rosenberg, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Rosewicz, Barbara: STATELINE.ORG

Rosgaard, Jessica: CNN

Ross, Adrienne: Fox News

Ross, Caley: Fox News

Ross, Jane: Reuters Radio & TV

Ross, Lee: Fox News

Ross, Mary Katherine: CNN

Rossel, Maria Luisa: W Radio

Rossetti-Meyer, Misa: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Roth, Linda: CNN

Roth, Theodore: ABC News

Rouleau, Marie-Paul: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Rovner, Julie: National Public Radio

Rowe, Hildrun: German TV ZDF

Rowe, Tom: Reuters Radio & TV

Royce, Lindy: CNN

Roycraft, David: WUSA-TV

Royster, Meredith: WTTG-Fox Television

Ruby, Tracy: C-SPAN

Rudd, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Rudin, Ken: National Public Radio

Ruff, David: CNN

Ruff, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Ruffini, Christina: CBS News

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Rullo, Madeline: NBC News

Rushing, Ian William: CBN News

Rushing, Joshua: Aljazeera International

Russel, Kimberly: Voice of America

Russell, Eugene: WTTG-Fox Television

Russert, Luke: NBC News

Rust, Emily: CNN

Ruttenberg, Roee: Aljazeera International

Ruzaliev, Odil: Voice of America

Ryan, Fred: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Ryan, Jason: ABC News

Ryan, Kate: WTOP Radio

Ryan, Marty: Fox News

Rydell, Kate: CBS News

Ryntjes, Daniel: Feature Story News

Rysak, F. David: WTTG-Fox Television

Sachs, Rob: National Public Radio

Sachtleben, Doug: SRN News (Salem)

Sacks, Howard: NBC News

Sadighi, Nader: Radio Free Europe

Saffelle, Jeffery Lynn: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Sagalyn, Daniel: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Saine-Spang, Cynthia: Voice of America

Sakurai, Reiko: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Salam, Najiba: Voice of America

Salan, Jennifer: Aljazeera International

Salas, Pedro: CNN

Salazar, Marcela: Univision

Salih, Balen: Voice of America

Salim, Yuni: Voice of America

Salkoff, Brooke Hart: NBC Newschannel

Sallstrom, Royce: CBN News

Saloomey, Kristen: Aljazeera International

Sam, Borin: Radio Free Asia

Samaniego, Manny: Aljazeera International

Sammon, Bill: Fox News

Sampaio, Frederico: C-SPAN

Sampy, David: East Coast Television

Sampy, David: Independent Television News (ITN)

Samuels, Rebecca: NBC News

Sanchez, Claudio: National Public Radio

Sanchez, George D.: ABC News

Sanchez, Marcelo: WZDC-TV

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision

Sandell, Clayton: ABC News

Sanders, Molly: C-SPAN

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sandiford, Michelle: C-SPAN

Sanfuentes, Jose Antoine: NBC News

Sano, Jun: Fuji TV Japan

Santa-Rita, Joad Jose: Voice of America

Santo, Vincent: CNN

Santos, Jose G.: CNN

Sanvido, Colleen: NBC News

Sarfo-Kantanka, Johnson: C-SPAN

Sargent, Mark: WTTG-Fox Television

Sarhan, Hanaan: Aljazeera International

Sarkar, Kabiruddin: Voice of America

Sarralde, Andrea: WZDC-TV

Sartorius, Scott: NBC News

Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

Sato, Keiichi: Nippon TV Network

Satterfield, John T.: ABC News

Savage, Craig: Fox News

Savchenko, Yulia: BBC

Savio, Gabriella: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Savoy, Gregory: Reuters Radio & TV

[[Page 1023]]

Sawan, Arwa: American Press and TV Services (APTVS)

Sawyer, Bill: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Scanlan, William: C-SPAN

Scanlon, Jason: Fox News

Scarpelli, Leah: National Public Radio

Schaff, Michael: CBN News

Schall, Fred: WTTG-Fox Television

Schank, Lindsey Arent: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Schantz, Douglas N.: CNN

Schantz, Kristy: CN8 The Comcast Network

Scharf, Jason: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Schayer, Cara: Fox News

Scheid, Harry: FEDNET

Schell, Barbara: Aljazeera International

Scherer, Klaus: German TV ARD

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Schiavone, Louise: ABC News

Schieffer, Bob: CBS News

Schiff, Brian: Voice of America

Schlegel, Barry C.: CNN

Schlenker, Aungthu: Radio Free Asia

Schloemer, Peter: German TV ZDF

Schmickler, Marion: German TV ARD

Schmidt, Emily: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Schneider, Jr., Edward: Voice of America

Schneider, Fred: CBS News

Schneider, James: WETA

Schneider, William: CNN

Schoenmann, Donald: Eye-To-Eye Video

Scholfield, Piers: BBC

Scholl, Christopher: CBS News

Scholtyssyk, Lars: Deutsche Welle TV

Schott, Sonia: Radio VALERA Venezuela

Schreiber, Joe: Viewpoint Communications

Schrock, Matthew J.: Medill News Service

Schulter, Jonathan M.: CNSNEWS.COM

Schultze, Emily: CNN

Schuster, Henry: CBS News

Schuster, Paul: BBC

Schwager, Milena: BBC

Schwandt, Kimberly: Fox News

Schwartz, Matthew S.: Talk Radio News Service

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Sciammacco, Sara: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Scicchitano, Carmine: NBC News

Scott, Christopher Eric: CN8 The Comcast Network

Scott, Harry: Radio Free Asia

Scott, Linda: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Scriabine, Raisa: Link TV

Scritchfield, Andrew: NBC News

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Seabrook, Andrea: National Public Radio

Seabrook, Willliam: WETA

Seaby, Gregory: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Sears, Carl: NBC News

Seeholzer, Bjoern Tony: East Coast Television

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Sefia, Stephanie: Aljazeera International

Segraves, Mark: WTOP Radio

Seidman, Joel: NBC News

Seifert, Jan Philipp: German TV ZDF

Selma, Reginald G.: CNN

Selsky, Lauren: NBC News

Sennett, John Gordon: ATN Productions, LTD.

Seo, Ja Ryen: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Serhan, Ali: AP-Broadcast

Serna, Adriana Ahmad: CMI TV (Colombia)

Serper, Noelle: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Seymour, Allison: WTTG-Fox Television

Seymour, William Nicoll: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Shaffir, Gregory: CBS News

Shakhov, Dmytro: RTVi / ECHO-TV

Shalhoup, Joseph: NBC News

Shan, Zijun: Radio Free Asia

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Shannon, Holly: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Shannon, Michael Patrick: ABC News

Shapiro, Adam: Fox Business Network

Shapiro, Ari: National Public Radio

Shapiro, Joseph: National Public Radio

Sharief, Islam: Aljazeera International

Sharma, B. K.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Sharp, Adam: C-SPAN

Sharpe, Bob: BBC

Shaughnessy, Lawrence: CNN

Shaw, Cathy: National Public Radio

Shaw, Joseph: Hearst-Argyle Television

Shaw, LaQuoya D.: UPI.com

Sheehan, Kathleen: Federal News Service

Shefte, Whitney: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Shekinskaya, Nargiz: RTVi / ECHO-TV

Shelton, Steve: Fox News

Shen, Jianing: China Central TV Bureau

Shepherd, Shawna: CNN

Sherman, Emily: CNN

Sherwood, Ian: BBC

Sherwood, Tom: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Shi, Wei: New Tang Dynasty TV

Shields, Daniel: Fox News Radio

Shiels, Molly: CNN

Shipman, Claire: ABC News

Shirwani, Motabar: Voice of America

Shively, Caroline: Fox News

Shlemon, Chris: Independent Television News (ITN)

Shoffner, Harry: BBC

Shogren, ElizaBeth: National Public Radio

Shoji, Shin: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Shon, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

Shott, Dave: Fox News

Shoup, Anna: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Shukran, Halai: C-SPAN

Shull, Roger: Reuters Radio & TV

Sicuranza (Kelley), Daniela: Fox News

[[Page 1024]]

Sides, James: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Siegel, Robert C.: National Public Radio

Siegfriedt, Anita: Fox News

Sierra, Joann Lucia: CNN

Silberbrandt, Allan: TV2-Denmark

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Sills, Cecil John: NBC Newschannel

Silman III, Jimmie: WUSA-TV

Silva Llancaleo, Juan: CNN

Silva-Pinto, Luis Fernando: TV Globo International

Silver, David: NBC News

Silver, Diane: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Silverberg, Hank: WTOP Radio

Silverman, Art: National Public Radio

Silverman, Rachel: Feature Story News

Silverstein, Matthew: Fox News

Simeone, Ronald: NBC News

Simmons, Gregory: Fox News

Simmons, Sarah: WTTG-Fox Television

Simms, Jeffery: CNN

Simon, Jeff: CNN

Simons, John: Aljazeera International

Simpson, Cynne: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Simpson, Mariam: Aljazeera International

Sims, Colin: Aljazeera International

Sina, Ralph: German TV ARD

Sinderbrand, Rebecca: CNN

Singer, Lauren: NBC News

Singeri, Sonam Lhamo: Radio Free Asia

Sit, David: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Skeans, Ron: BBC

Skehan, Michael: East Coast Television

Skene, Mathieu: Aljazeera International

Skirble, Rosanne: Voice of America

Skokowski, Christopher: FEDNET

Skomal, Paul: Fox News

Slack, Mary Beth: Need To Know News

Slafka, Kristi: CNN

Slansky, Heike: German TV ZDF

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slewka, Stephanie: German TV ZDF

Slie, Charles: NBC News

Sloane, Ward C.: CBS News

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Smith, Alison: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)

Smith, Anthony Grey: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Smith, Christie: NBC Newschannel

Smith, Cindy: ABC News

Smith, Cynthia L.: Fox News

Smith, Douglas: East Coast Television

Smith, Graham: National Public Radio

Smith, James E.: ABC News

Smith, Jason H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, Lindley: C-SPAN

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Michael: WETA

Smith, Phillip: Aljazeera International

Smith, Sarah: Independent Television News (ITN)

Smith, Skip: CNN

Smith, William: Belo Capital Bureau

Smith-Spark, Laura: BBC

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snyder, Tanya: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Soe, Khin Maung: Radio Free Asia

Soh, June: Voice of America

Sok, Pov: Voice of America

Sokolova, Elena: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

Solano, Roxana: WZDC-TV

Solari, Benjamin Southwick: Federal News Service

Solimani-Lezhnev, Andrey: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

Solodovnikov, Mikhail: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

Solorzano, Gilbert: NBC News

Som, Sattana: Radio Free Asia

Sonnheim, Jon: Cox Broadcasting

Sorensen, Eric D.: Global TV Canada

Sorenson, Ben: C-SPAN

Soucy, Peggy: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Soudah, Gus: Aljazeera International

Sozio, George A.: ABC News

Spear, Anita Brikmanis: WUSA-TV

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Spector, Teresa: Fox News

Speights, Eric: ABC News

Speiser, Matthew: CNN

Spence, Robert: C-SPAN

Spencer, Darcy: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Sperry, Todd: CNN

Spevak, Joe: WTTG-Fox Television

Spicer, Nick: Aljazeera International

Spiegler, Theodore: CBS News

Spinelli, Paul: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Spiro, David: Reuters Radio & TV

Spoerry, Philip Scott: CNN

Sprankle, James: Fox News

Srivastava, Amish: Voice of America

St. John, Jonathan: Fox Business Network

Stack, Andrew Michael: WUSA-TV

Stahl, Steven: CNN

Stakelbeck, Erick: CBN News

Stalnaker, Kurt: National Public Radio

Stamberg, Susan: National Public Radio

Stanford, Dave: CBS News

Stang, Tim: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Staniar, Britton: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Stanitz, Emily: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Stanke, Donald E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Starling, Alison: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

[[Page 1025]]

Starnes, Todd: Fox News Radio

Starr, Barbara: CNN

Starr, Penny: CNSNEWS.COM

Staton, Thomas M.: ABC News

Statter, David: WUSA-TV

Stay, Daniel J.: Fox News

Stead, Scott: CNN

Stebbins, William: Aljazeera International

Steele, Andrew: BBC

Stefany, Steve: ABC News

Steinhauser, Lesley Creegan: Irish Radio & TV (RTE)

Steinhauser, Paul: CNN

Stemple, Lexi: Fox News

Stencil, Meredith: CBS News

Stenner, Andrew: Fox News

Stephanopoulos, George: ABC News

Sterling, Vaughn: CNN

Stevens, Seneca: Fox News

Stevenson, James: Voice of America

Stevenson, Louis: WTTG-Fox Television

Stewart, Andrew: SRN News (Salem)

Stewart, Martina: CNN

Stewart, Philip: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Stewart, Robin Anthony: Ventana Productions

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stoddard, Mark S.: ABC News

Stoddard, Rick: C-SPAN

Stok, Silvester: RTV Slovenija

Stone, Carolyn: CNN

Stone, Emily: WTTG-Fox Television

Stone, Evie: National Public Radio

Stout, Matthew: Fox News

Stoutzenberger, Tim: CNN

Strachan, Jason: CNN

Strand, Paul: CBN News

Straub, Terry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Streeter, James: NBC News

Streitfeld, Rachel: CNN

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Strickler, Laura: CBS News

Stringer, Ashley: CNBC

Stringer, James: BBC

Strothe, Stephen: N24 German TV

Stumpo, Donald: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Styles, Julian: CNN

Suarez, Fernando J.: CNN

Suarez, Rafael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Suddeth, James: Fox News

Suddeth, Rick: Fox News

Sughroue, Jon: NBC News

Suiters, Kimberly: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Sullivan, Laura: National Public Radio

Sullivan, Robert: NBC News

Sullivan, Sean: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Sullivan, Virginia L.: National Public Radio

Summers, Elizabeth: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Summers, Patrick: Fox News

Sumrell, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Sung, Chinling: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

Sung, In Hyun: Korean Broadcasting Systems

Suo, Paul: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

Sutherland, JJ: National Public Radio

Sutherland, Leigh: NBC News

Suto, Ena: TV Asahi

Svolopoulos, Christina: Fox News

Swagler, Craig: CBS News

Swain, Bethany: CNN

Swain, Susan: C-SPAN

Swain, Todd: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Swan, Sean: Independent Television News (ITN)

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Michael: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Sweeney, Charles: CNN

Sweeney, Robert: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Sweetapple, Dan: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Sylvester, John: Fox News Radio

Sylvester, Lisa: CNN

Symanski, Mary: C-SPAN

Symons, Devin Clarke: Nippon TV Network

Syrjanen, Janne: Aljazeera International

Szypulski, Tom: Aljazeera International

Tabaar, Mohammed: BBC

Tahir, Ahmad: Voice of America

Tait, Ted: BBC

Takagane, Yuka: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Takagi, Masaru: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Takagi, Yosuke: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Takao, Jun: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Takar, Nafees: Voice of America

Takezaki, Tomoyasu: Nippon TV Network

Takruri, Dena: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Tamboli, Jay: Talk Radio News Service

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Radio & TV

Tang, Shiding: China Central TV Bureau

Tanner, Scott: Radio One

Tansomboon, Chamroen: Voice of America

Tapper, Jake: ABC News

Tashdjian, Kevork: Voice of America

Tashi, Yeshi: Radio Free Asia

Tasillo, Mary Ellen: Fox News

Tate, Deborah: Voice of America

Tate, Tiffany: BET Nightly News

Tatton, Abbi: CNN

Taylor, Audrey: ABC News

Taylor, Dan: CNN

Taylor, Eric Scott: ABC News

Taylor, John: WRC-TV / NBC-4

[[Page 1026]]

Taylor, Michael: Aljazeera International

Taylor, Russell J.: C-SPAN

Teboe, Mark: Aljazeera International

Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

Tejerina, Pilar: Aljazeera International

Temin, Thomas R.: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Tendencia, Editha: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Tennent, Gerald W.: National Public Radio

Teply, Marcus: German TV ZDF

Teranishi, Kenji: Nippon TV Network

Terry, David: SRN News (Salem)

Tevault, Neil David: National Public Radio

Thai, Xuan: CNN

Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

Theall, David J.: CNN

Thein, Kyaw K.: Voice of America

Thery, Samara: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

Thomas, Christopher: Community TV of PG's

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas, Gary: Voice of America

Thomas, Joseph: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Thomas, Michael: East Coast Television

Thomas, Philippa: BBC

Thomas, Sharahn: National Public Radio

Thomas, Shari: ABC News

Thomas, Will: WTTG-Fox Television

Thomas III, James B.: CNN

Thompson, Jerry: CNN

Thompson, Joseph: ABC News

Thompson, Lisa: CNN

Thompson, Ron: Radio One

Thompson, Shaleem: Reuters Radio & TV

Thompson Anderson, Laetitia: WTTG-Fox Television

Thorne, C. Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Thornton, Ronald: NBC News

Thorp, Frank: CBS News

Thuman, Autria: Fox News

Thuman, Scott: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Tiller, Arthur: C-SPAN

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillery, Rick Craig: The Washington Bureau

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Timmermann, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tipper, William: CNN

Todd, Brian: CNN

Todd, Chuck: NBC News

Todd, Deborah: CBS News

Toman, George: NBC News

Toman, George: NBC Newschannel

Toms, Sarah Fiona: Reuters Radio & TV

Topgyal, Benpa: Radio Free Asia

Torlone, Lauren: Fox News

Torpey, Robert: Fox News

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Toulouse, Anne: Radio France Internationale

Tovarek, Steve: CNN

Toya, Mitsuhiro: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Trainor, Thomas: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Trauzzi, Monica: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Travers, Karen Lynn: ABC News

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Traynham, Robert: CN8 The Comcast Network

Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

Trull, Armando Ernesto: WUSA-TV

Trunov, Denis Mikhaylovich: Russia Today Television

Tschida, Stephen: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Tsou, Chris: Ventana Productions

Tsugawa, Takafumi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Tuan, Shih-Yuan: TVBS

Tucker, Elke: German TV ZDF

Tully, Andrew: Radio Free Europe

Tuohey, Kenneth: CNN

Turner, Catherine: Aljazeera International

Turner, Chris: CNN

Turner, Patricia: Fox News

Turner, Renee: NBC News

Turnham, Steve: CNN

Tuss, Adam: WTOP Radio

Tuszynski, Tom: Al Arabiya TV

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Tyler, Brett: CNN

Tyler, Lamonte Bryant: Fox News

Tyler, Thomas Joseph: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Uchimiya, Ellen: Fox News

Udenans, Vija: ABC News

Uenuma, Francine Izumi: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Uhl, Kim: CNN

Uhls, Anna Rachel: WASHINGTONPOST.COM

Ulaby, Neda: National Public Radio

Ulbrich, Sabine: N24 German TV

Ulery, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Uliano, Richard J.: CNN

Ulloa, Melinda: Reuters Radio & TV

Ulloa, Victor: CBS News

Umeh, Maureen: WTTG-Fox Television

Umrani, Anthony R.: CNN

Unger, Barry: Voice of America

Upadhyay, Brajesh: BBC

Uprety, Sharmila: Sagarmatha Television

Urbina, Luis: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Ure, Laurie: CNN

Ureta, Juan: NBC News

Uribe, Juvenal: Morningside Partners, LLC

Urquhart, Jonathan: BBC

Ury, Faryl: AP-Broadcast

Vail, Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

[[Page 1027]]

Vakili, Mohammad Reza: Radio Free Europe

Van Cleave, Kristopher: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Van de Mark, Ellen: NBC News

van der Laan, Nanette: Independent Television News (ITN)

Van Horn, Allan: NBC News

Van Susteren, Greta: Fox News

Van Winkle, Saadia: Community TV of PG's

Vance, Denise: AP-Broadcast

Vance, Lauren: WUSA-TV

Vancini, Larry: Hearst-Argyle Television

VanderVeen, Jacob: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

VanderVeen, Lawrence: Mobile Video Services, LTD.

Vanderveen, Paul: WETA

Vanestsyan, Aram: Voice of America

Vann, Araxie: Voice of America

Vasa, Sampath: WETA

Vaughan, Scott: Reuters Radio & TV

Vaughn, Mike: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Vega, Fernando: Fox News

Vennell, Vicki A.: ABC News

Venuto, Anthony: East Coast Television

Verducci, Kara: Fox News

Verdugo, Adam: NBC News

Vestal, Christine: STATELINE.ORG

Vicario, Virginia A.: ABC News

Vicary, Lauren: NBC News

Vidushi, Vidushi: Voice of America

Viers, Dana: CNN

Vila, Xavier: Catalunya Radio

Vilen, Paula Hannele: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

Villamizar, Monica: Aljazeera International

Villavicencio, Monica: America Abroad Media

Villone Garcia, Patricia: Community TV of PG's

Vinson, Bryce: Fox News

Viqueira, Michael: NBC News

Virji, Anar: Aljazeera International

Visioli, Todd: Fox News

Visley, Andrew G.: AP-Broadcast

Vitorovich, Susan: NBC News

Vizcarra, Mario: Univision

Vlahos, Kelley Beaucar: Fox News

Vo, Vina: Aljazeera International

Vock, Daniel: STATELINE.ORG

Voegeli, Peter: Swiss Broadcasting

Vogel, Erin: Fox News

Vohar, Den: AP-Broadcast

Volk Harper, Kristin: UPI.com

Volkov, Dmitri: NTV-Russia Broadcasting Company

Volskiy, Anton: NTV-Russia Broadcasting Company

von Bonsdorff, Juri Tomas: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

von Trotha, Dorothea: German TV ZDF

Voth, Charles: WETA

Vu, Pauline: STATELINE.ORG

Vu, Tu H.: CNN

Vukmer, David: NBC News

Vurnis, Ambrose: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Wagner, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Wait, Kevin: National Public Radio

Waldon, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Wali, Kurban: Radio Free Asia

Walker, Bill: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Walker, Jackie Lyn: ABC News

Walker, John: Voice of America

Walker, Sebastian: Aljazeera International

Walker, Teshima: National Public Radio

Walker, Tom: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Walker, William: CBS News

Wallace, Chris: Fox News

Wallace, John L.: Fox News

Wallace, Roger: Fox Business Network

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Carly: Aljazeera International

Walsh, Deirdre: CNN

Walsh, Mary Frances: ABC News

Walsh, Mary: CBS News

Walter, Christopher: CNN

Walton, Doreen: BBC

Walton-James, Vickie: National Public Radio

Walz, Mark: CNN

Wang, Jin: Aljazeera International

Wang, Taofeng: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

Waqfi, Wajd: Aljazeera Satellite Channel (Peninsula)

Ward, Derrick: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Warmerdam, Sander: NOS DUTCH Public Radio & TV (VRT)

Warner, Craig: CBS News

Warner, Margaret: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Warner, Tarik: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Warrick, David: CBS News

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Erick: CBS News

Washington, Ervin: Nightly Business Report

Washington Anderson, Robert: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Waters, Hunter: CNN

Watkins, Duane: WTTG-Fox Television

Watrel, Jane: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Watrud, Don: WTTG-Fox Television

Watson, Carline: National Public Radio

Watson, Monica: Morningside Partners, LLC

Watson, Owen: BBC

Watson, Walter: National Public Radio

Watts, Andrew: National Public Radio

Watts, Michael: CNN

Wayne, Amanda: Fox News

Weakly, David: NBC News

Weaver, Justin Michael: ABC News

Webb, David: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

[[Page 1028]]

Webb, Justin: BBC

Webb, Tracey: CNN

Webster, Aaron: Fox News

Webster, Aaron: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Weeks, Linton Weeks: National Public Radio

Wehinger, Amy: Fox News

Weidenbosch, Glenn E.: ABC News

Weinberg, Ali: NBC News

Weinberg, Ilana: America Abroad Media

Weinbloom, Hank: Fox News Radio

Weiner, Dawn: Fox News Radio

Weiner, Eric: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Weinfeld, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Weinstein, Jessica: Fox News

Weinstein, Richard: C-SPAN

Weisbrod, Eric: CNN

Weiss, Brian: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Welch, Joanna: XM Satellite Radio

Wellen, Alex: CNN

Weller, George D.: ABC News

Welna, David: National Public Radio

Werdel, Paul: Aljazeera International

Werschkul, Benjamin: The New York Times On The Web

Wertheimer, Linda: National Public Radio

Whitaker, Mark: NBC News

White, Douglas: ABC News

White, Edward: CNN

White, Jordan: Federal News Service

White, Kenneth: CNN

White, Mark: CBS News

Whiteside, John P.: ABC News

Whitley, John H.: CBS News

Whitley, Walter: Fox News

Whitney, Hannah: Washington Bureau News Service

Whitney, Jonathan: BBC

Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

Whittemore, Megan: Fox News

Whittington, Christopher: NBC News

Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

Wiedenbauer, Heidi: Cox Broadcasting

Wiesen, Stefan: German TV ZDF

Wiggins, Christopher: NBC Newschannel

Wik, Snorre: Aljazeera International

Wilde, Winston: NBC News

Wildman, Jim: National Public Radio

Wilk, Wendy: Hearst-Argyle Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkins, Tracee: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Williams, Abigail: NBC News

Williams, Armstrong: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Williams, Candace: Voice of America

Williams, Christopher Anthony: America Abroad Media

Williams, Colleen: Fox News

Williams, David: Fox News

Williams, Jeffrey L.: Cox Broadcasting

Williams, John: Fox News

Williams, Juan: National Public Radio

Williams, Keith: WUSA-TV

Williams, Kenneth E.: CBS News

Williams, Kevin: NBC News

Williams, Louis Pete: NBC News

Williams, Michele: Radio One

Williams, Robert T.: NBC News

Williams, Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

Williams-Kief, Brendan: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Williamson, Christopher: NBC News

Willingham, Kimberly: Fox News

Willingham, Val: CNN

Willis, Anne Marie: Fox News

Wilp, Christian: N-TV German News Channel

Wilson, Brenda: National Public Radio

Wilson, Brian: Fox News

Wilson, Christopher: NBC News

Wilson, George: Radio One

Wilson, Kristin: NBC News

Wilson, Mark: CBS News

Wilson, Simon: BBC

Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

Wilson, Toni: ABC News

Wilson, Vanessa: NBC News

Winder, Robert: Aljazeera International

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Winick, Todd James (TJ): ABC News

Winkler, Alice: National Public Radio

Winn, Thomas Pete: CNSNEWS.COM

Winslow, David: AP-Broadcast

Winslow, Linda: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Winters, Ronald: ABC News

Wishon, Jennifer Ann: CBN News

Wisniewski, Erica: The Hill

Witte, Joel: WTTG-Fox Television

Witten, Robert: NBC News

Wittstock, Melinda: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Wlach, Jennifer Lauren: HD Net

Wolf, Zachary B.: ABC News

Wolfe, Lisa: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Scott: WTTG-Fox Television

Wolfson-Stevenson, Paula: Voice of America

Won, Il Hee: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

Wood, Audrey: CBS News

Wood, Christopher: C-SPAN

Wood, Elisha Michelle: ABC News

Wood, Greg: BBC

Wood, Winston: Voice of America

Woodruff, Judy: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Wordock, Colleen: Bloomberg Radio & TV

Wordock, John: Marketwatch

[[Page 1029]]

Workman, Paul Thomas: CTV Canadian TV

Wray, Taylor Curtice: Federal News Service

Wright, Dale: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Wright, David J.: ABC News

Wright, James: Aljazeera International

Wright, Kelly: Fox News

Wright, Tracey Marie: Global TV Canada

Wrona, Marcin Wojciech: TVN Poland

Wu, Hanying: China Central TV Bureau

Wu, Ruonian: New Tang Dynasty TV

Wulff, John: ABC News

Wynne Johnson, Elizabeth: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Wyszogrodzki, Marcin: TVN Poland

Xavier, Wilkins: Aljazeera International

Xiang, Dong: New Tang Dynasty TV

Xie, Jiao Christine: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

Xie, Yanmei: Capitol News Connection (CNC)

Xu, Jinglu: New Tang Dynasty TV

Xu, Susie: CNN

Xue, Bin: New Tang Dynasty TV

Yager, Joshua: CBS News

Yaklyvich, Brian: CNN

Yam, Raymond: Voice of America

Yamada, Mio: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corporation

Yamada, Nancy M.: WUSA-TV

Yancy, Shawn: WTTG-Fox Television

Yang, Carter: CBS News

Yang, Chunfang: New Tang Dynasty TV

Yang, Eun: WRC-TV / NBC-4

Yang, Fuqing: China Central TV Bureau

Yang, John: NBC News

Yang, Sungwon: Radio Free Asia

Yarborough, Rick: WTTG-Fox Television

Yarmuth, Floyd: CNN

Yates, H. William: CBS News

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio

Yellin, Jessica: CNN

Yeung, Richard: NBC News

Yianopoulos, Karen: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Yin, Chunsheng: China Central TV Bureau

Yoon, Robert: CNN

Young, Jeffrey: Living on Earth

Young, Jeremy: Aljazeera International

Young, Melissa A.: ABC News

Young, Rick: FRONTLINE (PBS)

Young, Robert Latimer: C-SPAN

Young, Saundra: CNN

Young, Jr., Jerome: CBN News

Younis, Omar: Reuters Radio & TV

Yu, Annie: WTTG-Fox Television

Yu, John: New Tang Dynasty TV

Yungfleisch, Patrick: Morningside Partners, LLC

Zaidi, Huma: NBC News

Zairi, Said: FEDNET

Zajko, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Zanatta, Dennis: TV Globo International

Zang, Guohua: CTI-TV (Taiwan)

Zann, Julie Gardner: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Zariquiey, Juan Pablo: WZDC-TV

Zayed, Nahedah: Aljazeera International

Zderic, Srdjan: Aljazeera International

Zechar, David: ABC News

Zeffler, Marcus: BBC

Zeledon, Franklin: Morningside Partners, LLC

Zeliger, Robert: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Zerivitz, Brad: Feature Story News

Zervos, Stratis: ABC News

Zhodzishsky, Ilya: Russia Today Television

Zhu, Hua: China Central TV Bureau

Zibel, Eve: Fox News

Ziegler, Albrecht: German Public Radio (ARD)

Ziegler, Julia: Federal News Radio AM 1050

Zimmerman, Douglas: Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC

Zmidzinski, Andy: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

Zoric, Iva: BBC

Zosso, ElizaBeth: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)


