

Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009. - 


Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009.
[Pages 957-984]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES*

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
    Deputy Director.--Joan McKinney
        Media Coordinators:
  Elizabeth Crowley
  Amy H. Gross
  Wendy A. Oscarson-Kirchner
  James D. Saris

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945

Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
    Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
        Assistant Superintendents:
Ric Andersen
Molly Cain
Drew Cannon
Laura Reed

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Maureen Groppe, Gannett 
                                                Washington Bureau, Chair
                                            Laura Litvan, Bloomberg 
                                                News, Secretary
                                            Alan K. Ota, Congressional 
                                                Quarterly
                                            Richard Cowan, New York 
                                                Times
                                            Andrew Taylor, Reuters
                                            Lisa Mascaro, Las Vegas Sun
                                 ________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule VI of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bone fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.

[[Page 958]]

    4. An applicant for press credentials through the Daily Press 
Galleries must establish to the satisfaction of the Standing Committee 
of Correspondents that he or she is a full-time, paid correspondent who 
requires on-site access to congressional members and staff. 
Correspondents must be employed by a news organization:
    (a) with General Publication periodicals mailing privileges under 
U.S. Postal Service rules, and which publishes daily; or
    (b) whose principal business is the daily dissemination of original 
news and opinion of interest to a broad segment of the public, and which 
has published continuously for 18 months.
    The applicant must reside in the Washington, D.C. area, and must not 
be engaged in any lobbying or paid advocacy, advertising, publicity or 
promotion work for any individual, political party, corporation, 
organization, or agency of the U.S. government, or in prosecuting any 
claim before Congress or any federal government department, and will not 
do so while a member of the Daily Press Galleries.
    Applicants' publications must be editorially independent of any 
institution, foundation or interest group that lobbies the federal 
government, or that is not principally a general news organization.
    Failure to provide information to the Standing Committee for this 
determination, or misrepresenting information, can result in the denial 
or revocation of credentials.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no changes 
in the these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not less 
than 100 accredited members of the galleries. The above rules have been 
approved by the Committee on Rules and Administration.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 959]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abdullah, Halimah: McClatchy Newspapers

Abel, Allen: National Post

Abrams, James: Associated Press

Abrams, Sandra: Reuters

Abruzzese, Sarah: Washington Times

Achenbach, Joel: Washington Post

Ackerman, Andrew: Bond Buyer

Adair, William: St. Petersburg Times

Adams, Christopher: McClatchy Newspapers

Adams, Rebecca: Congressional Quarterly

Adams, Richard: London Guardian

Adamy, Janet: Wall Street Journal

Adcock, Beryl: McClatchy Newspapers

Adler, Joseph: American Banker

Adofo, Adjoa: Congressional Quarterly

Aemisegger, Celine: EFE News Services

Agres, Theodore: Washington Times

Ahearn, David: Defense Daily

Ahlrich, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Ahn, Sung Joong: Korea Times

Akers, Mary Ann: Washington Post

Akinwande, Ifedayo: Congressional Quarterly

Alamiri, Yasmeen: Saudi Press Agency

Alandete, David: El Pais

Alberta, Timothy: Wall Street Journal

Alberts, Sheldon: Canwest News Service

Alexander, Charles: Reuters

Ali, Syed: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Amanda: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, JoAnne: Reuters

Allen, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Kent: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Ross: Argus Media

Allen, Victoria: Reuters

Allison, Wes: St. Petersburg Times

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Associated Press

Alpert, Bruce: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Alvarez, Marina: Los Angeles Times

Ammann, Beat: Neue Zuercher Zeitung

Anderson, Andre: McClatchy Newspapers

Anderson, Joanna: Congressional Quarterly

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Andrews, Edmund: New York Times

Angle, Martha: Congressional Quarterly

Anstey, Christopher: Bloomberg News

Antonen, Mel: USA Today

Anyz, Daniel: Hospodarske Noving Daily

Appelbaum, Binyamin: Washington Post

Apuzzo, Matt: Associated Press

Argetsinger, Amy: Washington Post

Arimoto, Takashi: Sankei Shimbun

Arita, Tsukasa: Kyodo News

Armstrong, Andrew: Congressional Quarterly

Arnold, John Jay: Associated Press

Ashburn, Emma: Asahi Shimbun

Asher, James: McClatchy Newspapers

Asher, Julie: Catholic News Service

Ashizuka, Tomoko: Nikkei

Aslam, Abid: Inter Press Service

Asseo, Laurie: Bloomberg News

Attias, Melissa: Congressional Quarterly

Aukofer, Frank: Artists & Writers Syndicate

Aversa, Jeannine: Associated Press

Awaji, Ai: Jiji Press

Ayuso Determeyer, Sylvia: German Press Agency-DPA

Azpiazu, Maria: EFE News Services

Babaeva, Svetlana: RIA Novosti

Babcock, Charles: Bloomberg News

Babington, Charles: Associated Press

Bacon, Jr., Perry: Washington Post

Baert, Patrick: Agence France-Presse

Baker, Peter: New York Times

Baldor, Lolita: Associated Press

Baldwin, Thomas: London Times

Ball, Michael: Argus Media

Balz, Daniel: Washington Post

Banales, Jorge: EFE News Services

Banks, Adelle: Religion News Service

Baquet, Dean: New York Times

Barakat, Matthew: Associated Press

Barker, James: Congressional Quarterly

Barker, Jeffrey: Baltimore Sun

Barkley, Tom: Dow Jones Newswires

Barnes, Julian: Los Angeles Times

Barnes, Robert: Washington Post

Baron, Ana: Clarin

Barrera, Ruben: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Barrett, Barbara: McClatchy Newspapers

Barrett, Devlin: Associated Press

Barrett, Terrence: Bloomberg News

Bartash, Jeffrey: MarketWatch

Bartscht, Jill: Washington Post

Bartz, Diane: Reuters

Bashir, Mustafa: Saudi Press Agency

Bater, Jeffrey: Dow Jones Newswires

Baumann, David: Congressional Quarterly

Baygents, Ronald: Kuwait News Agency

Bayle, Juan Canete: El Periodico

Baylis, Jamie: Congressional Quarterly

[[Page 960]]

Bazar, Emily: USA Today

Bazinet, Kenneth: New York Daily News

Beary, Brian: Europolitics

Beattie, Alan: Financial Times

Beattie, Jeff: Energy Daily

Beatty, Andrew: Agence France-Presse

Becker, Bernard: New York Times

Beckner, Steven: Market News International

Bell, Peter: Congress Daily

Bellantoni, Christina: Washington Times

Bello, Marisol: USA Today

Bendavid, Naftali: Wall Street Journal

Bender, Adam: Communications Daily

Bender, Bryan: Boston Globe

Benenson, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Benesova, Dagmar: World Business Press

Benjamin, Matthew: Bloomberg News

Benkelman, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Benoit, Daphne: Agence France-Presse

Benson, Clea: Congressional Quarterly

Berley, Max: Bloomberg News

Berry, Deborah: Gannett News Service

Berry, John: Bloomberg News

Bettelheim, Adriel: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, Arwen Adams: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, John: Congressional Quarterly

Biddle, Joanna: Agence France-Presse

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Birnbaum, Jeffrey: Washington Times

Birnbaum, Michael: Washington Post

Biskupic, Joan: USA Today

Bivins, Larry: Gannett News Service

Bjerga, Alan: Bloomberg News

Blackledge, Brett: Associated Press

Blackstone, Brian: Dow Jones Newswires

Bland, Melissa: Reuters

Blinch, Russell: Reuters

Bliss, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

Blum, Justin: Bloomberg News

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Boadle, Anthony: Reuters

Bohan, Caren: Reuters

Bold, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Boles, Corey: Dow Jones Newswires

Bolstad, Erika: McClatchy Newspapers

Borak, Donna: Associated Press

Borenstein, Seth: Associated Press

Bostick, Romaine: Bloomberg News

Bourge, Christian: Washington Times

Bouza, Teresa: EFE News Services

Bowen, Joel: Congressional Quarterly

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Boyd, Robert: McClatchy Newspapers

Boyer, David: Philadelphia Inquirer

Brady, Erik: USA Today

Braithwaite, Tom: Financial Times

Brandmaier, Frank: German Press Agency-DPA

Branson, Louise: USA Today

Brasher, Philip: Des Moines Register

Brauchli, Marcus: Washington Post

Braun, Stephen: Associated Press

Bravin, Jess: Wall Street Journal

Bridis, Ted: Associated Press

Brinsley, John: Bloomberg News

Broder, David: Washington Post

Broder, John: New York Times

Broder, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Brodie, Michael: LRP Publications

Brodmann, Ronald: Congressional Quarterly

Brooks, David: New York Times

Brooks, David: La Jornada

Brown, David: Washington Post

Brown, DeNeen: Washington Post

Brune, Thomas: Newsday

Buddhavarapu, Bhagyashree: Singapore Straits Times

Bull, Alister: Reuters

Bumiller, Elisabeth: New York Times

Burger, Timothy: Bloomberg News

Burgess, Jeff: New York Times

Burke, Daniel: Religion News Service

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones Newswires

Burns, Robert: Associated Press

Burr, Thomas: Salt Lake Tribune

Burt, Andy: Bloomberg News

Buskirk, Howard: Communications Daily

Bussey, John: Wall Street Journal

Butler, Desmond: Associated Press

Cadei, Emily: Congressional Quarterly

Cadiz, Antonieta: La Opinion

Calmes, Jackie: New York Times

Calvo-Platero, Mario: Il Sole 24 Ore

Camia, Catalina: USA Today

Campo, Marcello: ANSA Italian News Agency

Canellos, Peter: Boston Globe

Canham, Matt: Salt Lake Tribune

Cano, Antonio: El Pais

Cantu, Leslie: Communications Daily

Capaccio, Anthony: Bloomberg News

Caplan, Abby: Argus Media

Cappiello, Dana: Associated Press

Carmichael, Lachlan: Agence France-Presse

Carney, Dan: USA Today

Carney, David: Tech Law Journal

Carney, Timothy: Washington Examiner

Carpenter, Amanda: Washington Times

Carroll, James: Congressional Quarterly

Carroll, James: Louisville Courier Journal

Carter, Sara: Washington Times

Cartwright, Linda: Congressional Quarterly

Casabona, Elizabeth: Fairchild News Service

Cass, Connie: Associated Press

Cassata, Donna: Associated Press

Casteel, Chris: Oklahoman

Cermak, Christopher: German Press Agency-DPA

[[Page 961]]

Chadbourn, Margaret: Bloomberg News

Chaddock, Gail: Christian Science Monitor

Chamberlain, Kenneth: Congress Daily

Chan, Sammie: Gannett News Service

Chandler, Michael: Washington Post

Chandra, Shobhana: Bloomberg News

Chandrasekaran, Rajiv: Washington Post

Chang, Tsung-Chih: United Daily News

Chaplain, Myriam: Agence France-Presse

Charles, Deborah: Reuters

Chebium, Raju: Gannett News Service

Chen, Edwin: Bloomberg News

Chen, Kathy: Wall Street Journal

Chen, Shawn: Associated Press

Chew, Cassie: Wall Street Journal

Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: Il Giornale

Chikazawa, Moriyasu: Kyodo News

Chinni, Dante: Christian Science Monitor

Chipman, Kimberly: Bloomberg News

Cho, David: Washington Post

Cho, Nam: Segye Times

Choate, Patricia: Scripps Howard News Service

Choi, Hyung Du: Munwha Ilbo

Chong, Christina Young: Korea Times

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christian, Molly: Argus Media

Christie, Rebecca: Bloomberg News

Chu, Keith: Western Communications

Chun, Young Sik: Munwha Ilbo

Chwallek, Gabriele: German Press Agency-DPA

Cillizza, Chris: Washington Post

Cindemir, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Clampitt, Brian: Asahi Shimbun

Clark, Colin: Military.com

Clark, Lesley: Miami Herald

Clarke, David: Congressional Quarterly

Clearwater, Cindy: Reuters

Clerico, Luciano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Clymer, Adam: New York Times

Cocco, Marie: Washington Post Writer's Group

Codrea, George: Congressional Quarterly

Cohen, Sarah: Washington Post

Cohn, Peter: Congress Daily

Coile, Zachary: San Francisco Chronicle

Cole, August: Wall Street Journal

Coleman, Michael: Albuquerque Journal

Collins, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Collinson, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Colvin, Ross: Reuters

Condon, Stephanie: CNET News.com

Condon, Jr., George: Congress Daily

Conery, Ben: Washington Times

Conkey, Christopher: Wall Street Journal

Conlon, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Connealy, Erin: Asahi Shimbun

Conners, Maureen: Congressional Quarterly

Connolly, Catherine: Washington Post

Conrad, Dennis: Associated Press

Conway, Neal: Congressional Quarterly

Cook, David: Christian Science Monitor

Cooke, Anthony: Dow Jones Newswires

Coomes, Jessica: Congressional Quarterly

Cooney, Jessica Benton: Congressional Quarterly

Cooper, Helene: New York Times

Cooper, Kent: Political Money Line

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Cooper, Sonya: Bloomberg News

Copeland, Libby: Washington Post

Copeland, Peter: Scripps Howard News Service

Corbett, Rebecca: New York Times

Corbett Dooren, Jennifer: Dow Jones Newswires

Corbin, Kenneth: Internetnews.com

Corchado, Alfredo: Dallas Morning News

Cornwell, Susan: Reuters

Cowan, Richard: Reuters

Craig, Tim: Washington Post

Cranford, John: Congressional Quarterly

Crawley, John: Reuters

Crites, Alice: Washington Post

Crittenden, Michael: Dow Jones Newswires

Crutsinger, Martin: Associated Press

Cunningham, Sarah: Reuters

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Curran, Timothy: Washington Post

Cushman, Jr., John: New York Times

da Costa, Mario Navarro: ABIM

Daly, Matthew: Associated Press

Daniel, Douglass: Associated Press

Daniels, Alex: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Dann, Carey: Congress Daily

Dao, James: New York Times

Davenport, Coral: Congressional Quarterly

Davenport, J. Christian: Washington Post

Davidson, Joe: Washington Post

Davidson, Julie: LRP Publications

Davidson, Kate: Congressional Quarterly

Davidson, Paul: USA Today

Davidz, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Davies, Anne: Sydney Morning Herald

Davies, Frank: San Jose Mercury News

Davis, Aaron: Washington Post

Davis, David: Congressional Quarterly

Davis, Julie: Associated Press

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Davis, Susan: Wall Street Journal

DeBard, Amanda: Washington Times

Debusmann, Bernd: Reuters

Decamme, Guillaume: Agence France-Presse

Dechter, Gadi: Bloomberg News

Decker, Brett: Washington Times

Decker, Susan: Bloomberg News

DeFrank, Thomas: New York Daily News

Deguchi, Tomohiro: Kyodo News

Del Giudice, Vincent: Bloomberg News

[[Page 962]]

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Delgado, Jose: El Nuevo Dia

DeLuce, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

DeMarco, Edward: Bloomberg News

Demirjian, Karoun: Congressional Quarterly

Dennis, Brady: Washington Post

Deparle, Jason: New York Times

Dermody, William: USA Today

Deshimaru, Sachiko: Nikkei

Desmond, Harold: Reuters

Dessouky, Dean: Saudi Press Agency

Diaz, Kevin: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Diaz-Briseno, Jose: Reforma Newspaper

Dick, Jason: Congress Daily

Dickerson, Christine: IFR Markets

Dickson, David: Washington Times

Dickson, Virgil: Communications Daily

Dilanian, Ken: USA Today

Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

Dineen, John: Congressional Quarterly

Dixon, Kim: Reuters

Dlouhy, Jennifer: Hearst Newspapers

Dobbyn, Timothy: Reuters

Dodge, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Doering, Christopher: Reuters

Doggett, Tom: Reuters

Dolan, Christopher: Washington Times

Dolinger, David Allen: Wall Street Journal

Dombey, Daniel: Financial Times

Dominello, Amy: Media General News Service

Donmoyer, Ryan: Bloomberg News

Donnelly, John: Congressional Quarterly

Dorell, Oren: USA Today

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Douglas, William: McClatchy Newspapers

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Downing, James: Restructuring Today

Doyle, Leonard: London Independent

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Drajem, Mark: Bloomberg News

Drake, Bruce: Congressional Quarterly

Drawbaugh, Kevin: Reuters

Dreazen, Yochi: Wall Street Journal

Drinkard, Jim: Associated Press

Drobnyk, Josh: Allentown Morning Call

Drummond, Bob: Bloomberg News

Dufour, Jeff: Washington Examiner

Duggan, Loren: Congressional Quarterly

Duggan, Paul: Washington Post

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Dumain, Emma: Congressional Quarterly

Dunham, Richard: Houston Chronicle

Dunham, Will: Reuters

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Dutton, Audrey: Bond Buyer

Dvorak, Petula: Washington Post

Dwyer, Paula: New York Times

Earle, Geoff: New York Post

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Eckert, Paul: Reuters

Eckert, Toby: Congressional Quarterly

Eckstrom, Kevin: Religion News Service

Edmonds, Jr., Ronald: Associated Press

Edney, Anna: Congress Daily

Eggen, Daniel: Washington Post

Eichelberger, Curtis: Bloomberg News

Eilperin, Juliet: Washington Post

Eisler, Peter: USA Today

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Hamti, Maribel: EFE News Services

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

Elboghdady, Dina: Washington Post

Elkins, Donald: Associated Press

Ellicott, Val: Gannett News Service

Elliott, Geoff: Australian

Elliott, Philip: Associated Press

Ellis, Kristi: Fairchild News Service

Elsibai, Nadine: Bloomberg News

Emerling, Gary: Washington Times

Enoch, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Epstein, Edward: Congressional Quarterly

Espo, David: Associated Press

Ethridge, Emily: Congressional Quarterly

Evans, Ben: Associated Press

Eversley, Melanie: USA Today

Faen, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Fahrenthold, David: Washington Post

Faler, Brian: Bloomberg News

Fallis, David: Washington Post

Farah, Samer: Reuters

Farhi, Paul: Washington Post

Farnam, Timothy: Wall Street Journal

Farrell, John Aloysius: GlobalPost

Favole, Jared: Dow Jones Newswires

Fears, Darryl: Washington Post

Fein, Geoff: Defense Daily

Feld, Karen: Capital Connections

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Feldmann, Linda: Christian Science Monitor

Felker, Edward: Washington Times

Feller, Ben: Associated Press

Felsenthal, Mark: Reuters

Fendrich, Howard: Associated Press

Ferrari, Francisco: Agence France-Presse

Ferraro, Thomas: Reuters

Ferrechio, Susan: Washington Examiner

Ferrer, Sandra: Agence France-Presse

Fessenden, Helen: Congress Daily

Fetterman, Mindy: USA Today

Fields, Gary: Wall Street Journal

Fingerhut, Eric: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Finn, Peter: Washington Post

Fireman, Ken: Bloomberg News

Fisher, Marc: Washington Post

[[Page 963]]

Fitzgerald, Alison: Bloomberg News

Flaherty, Anne: Associated Press

Flaherty, Mary Pat: Washington Post

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Flitter, Emily: American Banker

Ford, Matt: Associated Press

Forsythe, Michael: Bloomberg News

Fournier, Ron: Associated Press

Fowler, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Fowler, Maria: Gannett News Service

Fox, Margaret: Reuters

Fox, Michael: Congress Daily

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frank, Thomas: USA Today

Fraze, Barbara: Catholic News Service

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freeman, Sholnn: Washington Post

Freking, Kevin: Associated Press

Friedman, Daniel: Congress Daily

Friedman, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Fritze, John: USA Today

Frommer, Frederic: Associated Press

Fry, Jamey: Congressional Quarterly

Fudo, Takashi: Jiji Press

Fuhrig, Frank: German Press Agency-DPA

Fullerton, Jane: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Funk, Lynne: Bond Buyer

Furlow, Robert: Associated Press

Furukawa, Masakazu: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Galan, Frederic: Agence France-Presse

Gallagher, Brian: USA Today

Gallu, Joshua: Bloomberg News

Gamboa, Suzanne: Associated Press

Gambrell, Kathy: Congress Daily

Gaouette, Nicole: Bloomberg News

Gardiner, Andrew: USA Today

Gardner, Amy: Washington Post

Gates-Davis, Marilyn: Congressional Quarterly

Gaul, Gilbert: Washington Post

Gaynair, Gillian: Associated Press

Gearan, Anne: Associated Press

Gehrke, Robert: Salt Lake Tribune

Gensheimer, Lydia: Congressional Quarterly

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

Gerhart, Ann: Washington Post

Ghosh-Siminoff, Sasha: Congressional Quarterly

Gibson, William: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Gienger, Viola: Bloomberg News

Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Gillman, Todd: Dallas Morning News

Gillum, Jack: USA Today

Giroux, Gregory: Congressional Quarterly

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glass, Robert: Associated Press

Glod, Maria: Washington Post

Goad, Ben: Riverside Press-Enterprise

Goldbacher, Raymond: USA Today

Goldberg, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Golden, Rodrek: Reuters

Goldenberg, Suzanne: London Guardian

Goldfarb, Zachary: Washington Post

Goldman, Julianna: Bloomberg News

Goldschlag, William: New York Daily News

Goldschmidt, Jim: McClatchy Newspapers

Goldsmith, Reese: Congressional Quarterly

Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

Goldstein, Avram: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, Daniel: Platts News Service

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Golle, Vince: Bloomberg News

Goller, Howard Scot: Reuters

Gomez, Alan: USA Today

Gomez, Sergio: El Tiempo

Gomez, Shawn: Associated Press

Gomlak, Norman: Congressional Quarterly

Gonzalez, Francisco: EFE News Services

Goode, Darren: Congress Daily

Goodman, Adrianne: New York Times

Goodridge, Elizabeth: New York Times

Gorcester, Andrew: Jiji Press

Gordon, Greg: McClatchy Newspapers

Gordon, Marcy: Associated Press

Gorman, Siobhan: Wall Street Journal

Goto, Shihoko: Congress Daily

Gowen, Annie: Washington Post

Graham-Silverman, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Grancharov, Givco: Argus Media

Gray, Andrew: Reuters

Greenberg, Brigitte: Bloomberg News

Greene, Robert: Bloomberg News

Greiling Keane, Angela: Bloomberg News

Greve, Frank: McClatchy Newspapers

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

Griffith, Stephanie: Agence France-Presse

Grim, Ryan: Huffington Post

Grimaldi, James: Washington Post

Groppe, Maureen: Gannett News Service

Gruenwald, Juliana: Congress Daily

Guenther, Markus: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Guevara, Tomas: El Diario de Hoy

Guggenheim, Ken: Associated Press

Guha, Krishna: Financial Times

Guihaire, Edouard: Agence France-Presse

Gulino, Denny: Market News International

Gutman, Roy: McClatchy Newspapers

Ha, Taewon: Korea Dong-A Ilbo

Haberkorn, Jennifer: Washington Times

Hackett, Laurel: Scripps Howard News Service

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: USA Today

Hager, George: USA Today

Hall, Kevin: McClatchy Newspapers

Hall, Mimi: USA Today

[[Page 964]]

Hallock, Kimberly: Congressional Quarterly

Hallow, Ralph: Washington Times

Hamalainen, Aloysia: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamann, Carlos: Agence France-Presse

Hamburger, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

Hampton, Olivia: Agence France-Presse

Hananel, Sam: Associated Press

Hannett, Thomas: Congressional Quarterly

Hargrove, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Harland, Janis: New York Times

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harris, Charles: Yomiuri Shimbun

Harris, Gardiner: New York Times

Harris, Hamil: Washington Post

Hart, Dan: Bloomberg News

Hart, Kim: Washington Post

Hartnagel, Nancy: Catholic News Service

Hartson, Merrill: Associated Press

Hatch, David: Congress Daily

Hawkings, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hayakawa, Toshiyuki: Sekai Nippo

Haygood, Wil: Washington Post

Hazar, Hasan: Turkiye Daily

Healy, James: USA Today

Healy, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Heath, Brad: USA Today

Heavey, Susan: Reuters

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hedgpeth, Dana: Washington Post

Hefling, Kimberly: Associated Press

Heilprin, John: Associated Press

Heller, Marc: Watertown Daily Times

Hendel, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Henderson, Gregory: Associated Press

Hendrickx, Frank: Netherlands Press Association

Hendrie, Paul: Congressional Quarterly

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Henry, John: Associated Press

Hernandez, Jose: El Universal

Hernandez, Raymond: New York Times

Herrmann, Frank: Rheinische Post

Herszenhorn, David: New York Times

Hess, David: Congress Daily

Hess, Pamela: Associated Press

Hesse, Monica: Washington Post

Higgins, David: Congressional Quarterly

Higgins, Sean: Investor's Business Daily

Higuchi, Takuya: Jiji Press

Hill, Charlotte: Agence France-Presse

Hill, Patricia: Washington Times

Hillyer, Quin: Washington Times

Hilsenrath, Jon: Wall Street Journal

Hinton, Earl: Associated Press

Hitt, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Hoffecker, Leslie: Congressional Quarterly

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Hogberg, David: Investor's Business Daily

Holland, Jesse: Associated Press

Holland, Steve: Reuters

Holly, Christopher: Energy Daily

Holzer, Jessica: Dow Jones Newswires

Holzer, Linda: USA Today

Homan, Timothy: Bloomberg News

Homma, Keiichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hon, Chua Chin: Singapore Straits Times

Hong, Liu: Xinhua News Agency

Honore, Hugues: Agence France-Presse

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hopkins, Cheyenne: American Banker

Hortobagyi, Monica: USA Today

Horwich, Lee: USA Today

Hoskinson, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Hossain, Farhana: New York Times

Hotakainen, Rob: McClatchy Newspapers

House, Billy: Congress Daily

Hoy, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Hsu, Spencer: Washington Post

Hu, Fang: Xinhua News Agency

Hudson, Audrey: Washington Times

Hughes, Darrell: Dow Jones Newswires

Hughes, John: Bloomberg News

Hughes, Siobhan: Dow Jones Newswires

Hughey, Ann: Bloomberg News

Hui, Ju: China Youth Daily

Hull, Anne: Washington Post

Hulse, Carl: New York Times

Hultman, Tamela: AllAfrica.com

Hume, Lynn: Bond Buyer

Hunley, Jonathan: News and Messenger

Hunt, Albert: Bloomberg News

Hunt, Kasie: Congress Daily

Hunt, Terence: Associated Press

Hunter, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Hurley, Lawrence: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Hurley, Liam: Saudi Press Agency

Hurst, Steven: Associated Press

Hurt, Charles: New York Post

Hussain, Abdul-Hussain: Al Rai

Hussein, Sara: Agence France-Presse

Hwang, Jae Hoon: Yonhap News Agency

Hyde, Justin: Detroit Free Press

Hyong, Hwang Doo: Yonhap News Agency

Iafolla, Robert: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Ignatiou, Michail: Ethnos Greece

Ikeda, Nestor: Associated Press

Irons, John: Congressional Quarterly

Irwin, Walton Neil: Washington Post

Issenberg, Sasha: Boston Globe

Itkowitz, Colby: Congressional Quarterly

Ito, Hiroshi: Asahi Shimbun

Ito, Kosuke: Jiji Press

Ivanovich, David: Argus Media

Ives-Halperin, Benton: Congressional Quarterly

Iwamoto, Masako: Nikkei

[[Page 965]]

Iwata, Nakahiro: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Jackler, Rosalind: USA Today

Jackman, Thomas: Washington Post

Jackson, David: USA Today

Jackson, Henry: Associated Press

Jackson, Herbert: Bergen Record

Jackson-Randall, Maya: Dow Jones Newswires

Jakes, Lara: Associated Press

Jalonick, Mary Clare: Associated Press

James, Frank: Chicago Tribune

Jamrisko, Michelle: Kyodo News

Jansen, Bart: Congressional Quarterly

Jehl, Douglas: New York Times

Jelinek, Pauline: Associated Press

Jenkins, Chris: Washington Post

Jennings, Angel: Wall Street Journal

Jensen, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Jessen, Kory: Associated Press

Jha, Lalit: India Press Trust

Jha, Shweta: Congressional Quarterly

Jiang, Guopeng: Xinhua News Agency

Johnson, Annie: Congressional Quarterly

Johnson, Carrie: Washington Post

Johnson, Fawn: Dow Jones Newswires

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Johnston, David: New York Times

Johnston, Nicholas: Bloomberg News

Jones, David: Washington Times

Jones, Kerry: Congressional Quarterly

Jordan, Alethea: Gannett Washington Bureau

Jordan, Bryant: Military.com

Jordan, Charles: Congress Daily

Joshi, Jitendra: Agence France-Presse

Jourdier, Marc: Agence France-Presse

Joy, Patricia: Congressional Quarterly

Junius, Dennis: Associated Press

Justsen, Klaus: Jyllands-Posten

Kaiser, Emily: Reuters

Kaiser, Robert: Washington Post

Kajita, Takehito: Kyodo News

Kalish, Brian: Dow Jones Newswires

Kamalick, Joseph: ICIS News

Kamen, Al: Washington Post

Kampeas, Ron: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Kane, Paul: Washington Post

Kang, Cecilia: Washington Post

Kaper, Stacy Lynn: American Banker

Kapochunas, Rachel: Congressional Quarterly

Karam, Joyce: Al-Hayat

Karey, Gerald: Platts News Service

Karush, Sarah: Associated Press

Kasperowicz, Pete: IFR Markets

Kastner, Kevin: Market News International

Kato, Takefumi: Jiji Press

Kato, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Katsuda, Toshihiko: Asahi Shimbun

Katz, Ian: Bloomberg News

Keating, Dan: Washington Post

Keefe, Bob: Atlanta Journal Constitution

Keefe, Stephen: Nikkei

Kelley, Matthew: USA Today

Kellman Blazar, Laurie: Associated Press

Kelly, Dennis: USA Today

Kelly, Erin: Gannett News Service

Kemper, Bob: Congress Daily

Kendall, Brent: Dow Jones Newswires

Kercheval, Nancy: Bloomberg News

Kerr, Jennifer: Associated Press

Kerry, Frances: Reuters

Kertes, Noella: Congressional Quarterly

Kessler, Glenn: Washington Post

Khaledi, Kayvon: Congressional Quarterly

Kiefer, Francine: Christian Science Monitor

Kiely, Eugene: USA Today

Kiely, Kathy: USA Today

Kilian, Martin: Tages Anzeiger

Kim, Angela: Congressional Quarterly

Kim, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Kim, Eun: Gannett News Service

Kim, Hong Yeol: Korea Economic Daily

Kim, Jae Hong: Yonhap News Agency

Kim, Jin Ho: Kyunghyang Shinmun

Kim, Jungwook: Joongang Ilbo

Kim, Kyun Mi: Seoul Shinmun

Kim, Myung Ho: Kukmin Daily

Kimura, Kazuhiro: Kyodo News

King, Ledyard: Gannett News Service

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

King, Jr., Neil: Wall Street Journal

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchhoff, Suzanne: USA Today

Kirk, Jim: Bloomberg News

Kirkpatrick, David: New York Times

Kirsanov, Dmitry: Itar-Tass News Agency

Kishi, Masayuki: Hokkaido Shimbun

Kishida, Yoshiki: Jiji Press

Kittross, David: LRP Publications

Kivlan, Terence: Congress Daily

Klimek, Eric: Associated Press

Kluever, Reymer: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Klug, Foster: Associated Press

Kniazkov, Maxim: Agence France-Presse

Knott, Alex: Congressional Quarterly

Knowlton, Brian: International Herald Tribune

Knox, Olivier: Agence France-Presse

Kobayashi, Toshiya: Akahata

Koch, Wendy: USA Today

Kodjak-Fitzgerald, Alison: Bloomberg News

Koh, Seung Il: Yonhap News Agency

Komarow, Steven: Associated Press

Komatsu, Kenichi: Mainichi Shimbun

Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

[[Page 966]]

Konjevoda, Jerry: IFR Markets

Kopecki, Dawn: Bloomberg News

Korade, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Koring, Paul: Toronto Globe and Mail

Kornblut, Anne: Washington Post

Kotecki, Emily: Washington Post

Kramer, Reed: AllAfrica.com

Kranish, Michael: Boston Globe

Krawzak, Paul: Congressional Quarterly

Kreisher, Otto: Congress Daily

Krieger, Hilary Leila: Jerusalem Post

Kroepsch, Adrianne: Congressional Quarterly

Kuhnhenn, Jim: Associated Press

Kuk, Kiyon: Segye Times

Kumar, Arun: Indo-Asian News Service

Kumar, Dinesh: Communications Daily

Kunkle, Fredrick: Washington Post

Kuno, Shuko: Jiji Press

Kurose, Yoshinari: Yomiuri Shimbun

Kurtz, Howard: Washington Post

Kusano, Kazuhiko: Mainichi Shimbun

Kwon, Taeho: Hankyoreh Daily

La Franchi, Howard: Christian Science Monitor

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labbe, Theola: Washington Post

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lakashmanan, Indira: Bloomberg News

Lake, Eli: Washington Times

Lambert, Lisa: Reuters

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Landay, Jonathan: McClatchy Newspapers

Landers, James: Dallas Morning News

Landers, Peter: Wall Street Journal

Landler, Mark: New York Times

Lane, Charles: Washington Post

Lane, Kamala: Associated Press

Langan, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Langley, Monica: Wall Street Journal

Lanham, Yuko: Asahi Shimbun

Lanman, Scott: Bloomberg News

Lanteaume, Sylvie: Agence France-Presse

Lardner, Richard: Associated Press

Laris, Michael: Washington Post

Larkin, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Lawder, David: Reuters

Lawrence, Jill: USA Today

Layton, Lyndsey: Washington Post

Leah, Carliner: Congressional Quarterly

Leahy, Michael: Washington Post

Leary, Alex: St. Petersburg Times

Lebling, Madonna: Washington Post

Lee, Byonghan: Korea Times

Lee, Chang-Yul: Korea Times

Lee, Do Woon: Seoul Shinmun

Lee, Ha Won: Chosun Ilbo

Lee, Jong Kook: Korea Times

Lee, Keehong: Korea Dong-A Ilbo

Lee, Matthew: Associated Press

Lee, Sang Il: Joongang Ilbo

Leeds, Charles: Los Angeles Times-Washington Post News Service

Lefkow, David Christopher: Agence France-Presse

Lehmann, Chris: Congressional Quarterly

Leibovich, Mark: New York Times

Leiby, Richard: Washington Post

Leinwand, Donna: USA Today

Leissner, Janet: Associated Press

Lengell, Sean: Washington Times

Leocha, Charles: Tripso.com

Leonatti, Andrew: Congress Daily

Leonhardt, David: New York Times

Lesnes, Corine: Le Monde

Lesparre, Michael: Votes in Congress Service

Lester, William: Associated Press

Leubsdorf, Carl: Dallas Morning News

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levey, Noam: Los Angeles Times

Levin, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Levin, Alan: USA Today

Levinson, Nathan: Congressional Quarterly

Lewis, Charles: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Congressional Quarterly

Lewis, Neil: New York Times

Li, Jing: China News Service

Li, Zhenyu: China Press

Lichtblau, Eric: New York Times

Liebert, Larry: Bloomberg News

Lightman, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Lin, Betty: World Journal

Lindell, Cecile: Daily Deal

Lindeman, Eric: Energy Daily

Lipari, James: Associated Press

Liptak, Adam: New York Times

Lipton, Eric: New York Times

Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

Liu, Kuen-yuan: Central News Agency

Liu, Lina: Xinhua News Agency

Liu, Ping: China Times

Lizama, Orlando: EFE News Services

Lloyd, Janice: USA Today

Lobe, James: Inter Press Service

Lobianco, Tom: Washington Times

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Locker, Ray: USA Today

Lockhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Lomax, Simon: Bloomberg News

Lopez, Jose: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Lorber, Sarah Jane: New York Times

Lott, John: Washington Times

Loubette, Celine: Agence France-Presse

Loven, Jennifer: Associated Press

Lovenheim, Sarah: Washington Post

Lowe, Christian: Military.com

Lowy, Joan: Associated Press

[[Page 967]]

Lozano, Laurent: Agence France-Presse

Lubold, Gordon: Christian Science Monitor

Luce, Edward: Financial Times

Luft, Kerry: Tribune Company

Lynch, David: USA Today

Lynch, Sarah: Dow Jones Newswires

Lytle, Tamara: Freelance

Macaron, Joe: Kuwait News Agency

Macaskill, Ewen: London Guardian

MacGillis, Alec: Washington Post

Mack, Kristen: Washington Post

Magner, Mike: Congress Daily

Mahabir, Karen: Associated Press

Maher, Aya: Asahi Shimbun

Make, Jonathan: Communications Daily

Malandain, Lucile: Agence France-Presse

Malenic, Maria: Defense Daily

Maler, Sandra: Reuters

Mann, Jason: Congress Daily

Mann, William: Associated Press

Mann, Windsor: Washington Times

Manning, Stephen: Associated Press

Mannion, James: Agence France-Presse

Mansfield, Matthew: Argus Media

Mantell, Ruth: MarketWatch

Mao, Li: Science & Technology Daily

Marcus, Aliza: Bloomberg News

Marcus, Ruth: Washington Post

Marenco, Julio Ernesto: La Prensa Grafica of El Salvador

Margasak, Lawrence: Associated Press

Margetta, Robert James: Congressional Quarterly

Marimow, Anne: Washington Post

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Marklein, Mary Beth: USA Today

Markon, Jerome: Washington Post

Marrero, Diana: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Marsh, Julia: Yomiuri Shimbun

Marshall, Stephen: USA Today

Martin, Gary: San Antonio Express-News

Marutani, Hiroshi: Nikkei

Mascaro, Lisa: Las Vegas Sun

Mason, Jeff: Reuters

Mathes, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Mathews, Mark: Orlando Sentinel

Matthews, Robert Guy: Wall Street Journal

Matthews, William: Congressional Quarterly

Mattingly, Phil: Congressional Quarterly

Maynard, Michael: MarketWatch

Mazzetti, Mark: New York Times

McAuliff, Michael: New York Daily News

McCabe, Scott: Washington Examiner

McCarthy, Meghan: Congressional Quarterly

McCarthy, Mike: German Press Agency-DPA

McCarty, Courtney: Congressional Quarterly

McCarty, Mark: Medical Device Daily

McCaslin, John: Washington Times

McConnell, William: Daily Deal

McCormick, John: Chicago Tribune

McCoy, J. J.: Restructuring Today

McCutcheon, Chuck: Congressional Quarterly

McDermott, Ryan: Communications Daily

McDonald, Greg: Congressional Quarterly

McElhatton, Jr., James: Washington Times

McFeatters, Dale: Scripps Howard News Service

McGaughy, Lauren: Asahi Shimbun

McGreal, Chris: London Guardian

McKeever, Amy: Mainichi Shimbun

McKendry, Ian: Market News International

McKinnon, John: Wall Street Journal

McLean, Demian: Bloomberg News

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McNeil, Margaret: MarketWatch

McPike, Erin: Congress Daily

McQuillan, Mark: Bloomberg News

McQuillen, William: Bloomberg News

Meadows, Clifford: New York Times

Meckler, Laura: Wall Street Journal

Meek, James: New York Daily News

Meinert, Peer: German Press Agency-DPA

Mekay, Emad: America In Arabic News Agency

Mekay, Emad: Inter Press Service

Melvin, Jasmin: Reuters

Memmott, Mark: USA Today

Memoli, Michael: Real Clear Politics

Mercer, Marsha: Mercer Media

Merida, Kevin: Washington Post

Merle, Renae: Washington Post

Meszoly, Robin: Bloomberg News

Metzler, Natasha: Associated Press

Meyer, Joshua: Los Angeles Times

Michaels, David: Dallas Morning News

Michaels, Jim: USA Today

Michalski, Patty: USA Today

Middleton, Chris: Bloomberg News

Miga, Andrew: Associated Press

Mikes, Zoltan: World Business Press

Mikkelsen, Randall: Reuters

Milbank, Dana: Washington Post

Miller, Greg: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Kristie: La Salle News Tribune

Miller, Mark: TVNewsday.com

Miller, Reuben: Merger Market of Financial Times

Miller, Richard: Bloomberg News

Miller, Steven: Washington Times

Miller, William: Washington Post

Milligan, Susan: Boston Globe

Millikin, David: Agence France-Presse

Mills, Betty: Griffin-Larrabee News Service

Miniter, Richard: Washington Times

Miroff, Nick: Washington Post

Mitchell, Joshua: Dow Jones Newswires

Miyazaki, Takeo: Yomiuri Shimbun

Mochizuki, Hirotsugu: Asahi Shimbun

Mohammed, Arshad: Reuters

[[Page 968]]

Molotsky, Irvin: Congress Daily

Moltz, David: Inside Higher Ed

Monge, Yolanda: El Pais

Montet, Virginie: Agence France-Presse

Montgomery, David: Washington Post

Montgomery, Lori: Washington Post

Morales, Armando: La Razon

Moran, Tessa: IFR Markets

Morello, Carol: Washington Post

Morgan, David: Reuters

Morris, Damiko: Associated Press

Morris, David: Congress Daily

Morse, Dan: Washington Post

Morton, Joseph: Omaha World-Herald

Moses, Rebekah: Asahi Shimbun

Moss, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Mott, Gregory: Bloomberg News

Mozgovaya, Natasha: Haaretz Daily

Mufson, Steven: Washington Post

Mulligan, John: Providence Journal

Mullins, Brody: Wall Street Journal

Mummolo, Jonathan: Washington Post

Mundy, Alicia: Wall Street Journal

Munoz-Acebes, Cesar: EFE News Services

Murayama, Yusuke: Asahi Shimbun

Murphy, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Murray, Brendan: Bloomberg News

Murray, William: Oil Daily

Murti, Bhattiprolu: Dow Jones Newswires

Muscat, Sabine: Financial Times Deutschland

Mussenden, Sean: Media General News Service

Muth, Chaz: Catholic News Service

Mutikani, Lucia: Reuters

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Michael: Myers News Service

Mykkanen, Pekka: Helsingin Sanomat

Nagourney, Adam: New York Times

Nahmias, Melinda: Congressional Quarterly

Nail, Dawson: Communications Daily

Najor, Pamela: Argus Media

Nakamura, David: Washington Post

Nakashima, Ellen: Washington Post

Nakaya, Yuji: Kyodo News

Nasaw, Daniel: London Guardian

Nather, David: Congressional Quarterly

Nayar, Krishnan: Calcutta Telegraph

N'Diaye, Yali: Market News International

Neergaard, Lauran: Associated Press

Neubauer, Chuck: Washington Times

Neuman, Johanna: Los Angeles Times

Newhall, Marissa: Washington Post

Newman, Christopher: Argus Media

Nicholas, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Nichols, Hans: Bloomberg News

Niedowski, Erika: Abu Dhabi National

Nielsen, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Niles, Ryan: Wall Street Journal

Nishimura, Hiroshi: Akahata

Nishina, Michi: Kyodo News

Nixon, Ron: New York Times

Njuguna, Wangui: LRP Publications

Nkansah, E. Roy: Congressional Quarterly

Noel, Essex: Reuters

Noone, Dennis: Gannett Washington Bureau

Norington, Brad: Australian

Norman, Jane: Congressional Quarterly

Northey, Hannah: Argus Media

Norton, C. JoAnne: Bloomberg News

Norton, Emily: Congressional Quarterly

Noyes, Andrew: Congress Daily

Nutting, Brian: Congressional Quarterly

Nutting, Rex: MarketWatch

Nylen, Leah: Congressional Quarterly

O'Brien, Nancy: Catholic News Service

O'Connell, James: Bloomberg News

O'Connor, Sarah: Financial Times

Odion-Esence, Brai: Market News International

Odle, John Robert: Kyodo News

Ogata, Toshihiko: Asahi Shimbun

Ogawa, Satoshi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ogle, Alexander: Agence France-Presse

Ohji, Tomoko: Mainichi Shimbun

Ohlemacher, Stephen: Associated Press

Ohlsson, Erik: Dagens Nyheter

Ohsumi, Ryu: Nikkei

Oikawa, Masaya: Mainichi Shimbun

Oishi, Itaru: Nikkei

Okada, Akihiro: Yomiuri Shimbun

Okamuto, Michiro: Yomiuri Shimbun

O'Keefe, Edward: Washington Post

Olchowy, Mark: Associated Press

Oliphant, James: Chicago Tribune

Olson, Elizabeth: New York Times

O'Neil, Anne: Argus Media

O'Reilly II, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Orndorff, Mary: Birmingham News

Orol, Ronald: MarketWatch

Orr, J. Scott: Newark Star-Ledger

Ostermann, Dietmar: Frankfurter Rundschau

Ota, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Ourlian, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Overberg, Paul: USA Today

Ozyurt, Ahu: Milliyet

Pace, David: Associated Press

Page, Clarence: Chicago Tribune

Page, Susan: USA Today

Pakhomov, Alexander: Itar-Tass News Agency

Palank, Jacqueline: Dow Jones Newswires

Paletta, Damian: Wall Street Journal

Paley, Amit: Washington Post

Palmer, Avery: Congressional Quarterly

Palmer, Doug: Reuters

Palomo, Elvira: EFE News Services

Papantoniou, Lambros: Eleftheros Typos

[[Page 969]]

Parisi, Christina: Congressional Quarterly

Parisse, Emmanuel: Agence France-Presse

Park, Jungbin: Yonhap News Agency

Park, Kwang Duk: Korea Times

Park, Sang Hyun: Yonhap News Agency

Parker, Ashley: New York Times

Parker, Kathleen: Washington Post Writer's Group

Parks, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Parsons, Christi: Chicago Tribune

Passenheim, Antje: German Press Agency-DPA

Patel, Yogettaben: Dow Jones Newswires

Patrick, Richard: USA Today

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Pear, Robert: New York Times

Pearlstein, Steven: Washington Post

Peck, Louis: Congress Daily

Pelofsky, Jeremy: Reuters

Pena, Maria: EFE News Services

Perez, Anthony J.: USA Today

Perez, Evan: Wall Street Journal

Perine, Keith: Congressional Quarterly

Perkins, Mary: Yomiuri Shimbun

Perrone, Matthew: Associated Press

Pershing, Ben: Washington Post

Peterson, Molly: Bloomberg News

Phelps, Timothy: Los Angeles Times

Phillips, Kathleen: New York Times

Phillips, Lauren: Congressional Quarterly

Phillips, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Philpott, Thomas: Military Update

Pianin, Eric: Washington Post

Picani, Silvia: La Nacion

Pickard-Cambridge, Claire: Argus Media

Picket, Kerry: Washington Times

Pickler, Nedra: Associated Press

Pincus, Walter: Washington Post

Pine, Art: Congress Daily

Pitney, Nico: Huffington Post

Piper, Greg: Communications Daily

Piven, Benjamin: Yomiuri Shimbun

Pleming, Sue: Reuters

Plocek, Joseph: Market News International

Plungis, Jeff: Bloomberg News

Poirier, John: Reuters

Ponnudurai, Parameswaran: Agence France-Presse

Pope, Charles: Oregonian

Posner, Michael: Congress Daily

Potter, Mitchell: Toronto Star

Povich, Elaine: Congress Daily

Powell, Stewart: Hearst Newspapers

Power, Stephen: Wall Street Journal

Poyraxlar, Elcin: Cumhuriyet

Preciphs, Joi: Bloomberg News

Price, Deborah: Detroit News

Priest, Dana: Washington Post

Pruitt, Claude: USA Today

Przybyla, Heidi: Bloomberg News

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Pugh, Anthony: McClatchy Newspapers

Pulizzi, Henry: Dow Jones Newswires

Purce, Melinda: Associated Press

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Putman, Eileen: Associated Press

Puzzanghera, James: Los Angeles Times

Qiang, Zou: China Legal Daily

Qianliang, Yu: Xinhua News Agency

Quaid, Libby: Associated Press

Quinn, Andrew: Reuters

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

Radnofsky, Louise: Wall Street Journal

Raimon, Marcelo: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rajagopalan, Sethuraman: Pioneer-India

Rajghatta, Chidanand: Times of India

Ramadan, Wafik: L'Orient-Le Jour

Ramaswamy, Anindita: German Press Agency-DPA

Rampton, Roberta: Reuters

Rankin, Robert: McClatchy Newspapers

Rascoe, Ayesha: Reuters

Rastello, Sandrine: Bloomberg News

Ratnam, Gopal: Bloomberg News

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Ray, Eric: Congressional Quarterly

Ray, Rachel: London Daily Telegraph

Raymond, Anthony: Political Money Line

Raymond, Jill: Congressional Quarterly

Reber, Paticia: German Press Agency-DPA

Recio, Maria: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Redden, Elizabeth: Inside Higher Ed

Reddy, Sudeep: Wall Street Journal

Rehmann, Marc: Congressional Quarterly

Rehrmann, Laura: Gannett News Service

Reichard, John: Congressional Quarterly

Reid, Timothy: London Times

Reilly, Sean: Mobile Register

Rein, Lisa: Washington Post

Ren, Haijun: Xinhua News Agency

Retter, Daphne: New York Post

Reynolds, David: Dow Jones Newswires

Reynolds, Maura: Los Angeles Times

Reynolds Lewis, Katherine: Freelance

Ricci, Andrea: Reuters

Rice, Charles: Merger Market of Financial Times

Richardson, Betty: Congressional Quarterly

Richert, Catharine: Congressional Quarterly

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Rickett, Keith: Associated Press

Rickman, Jonathan: Energy Daily

Riddell, Kelly: Bloomberg News

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Riley, Kim: LRP Publications

Riley, Lauren: Saudi Press Agency

Riley, Michael: Denver Post

[[Page 970]]

Riley, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Risen, James: New York Times

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Rizzo, Katherine: Congressional Quarterly

Robb, Gregory: MarketWatch

Robbins, James: Washington Times

Roberts, Roxanne: Washington Post

Robinson, Eugene: Washington Post

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, John: Defense Daily

Rogin, Joshua: Congressional Quarterly

Rohner, Mark: Bloomberg News

Roig, Carlos: USA Today

Roig-Franzia, Manuel: Washington Post

Romano, Lois: Washington Post

Roosevelt, Ann: Defense Daily

Rose, Matthew: Wall Street Journal

Rosen, James: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenberg, Elizabeth: Argus Media

Rosenkrantz, Holly: Bloomberg News

Ross, Sonya: Associated Press

Roth, Bennett: Congressional Quarterly

Rowland, Kara: Washington Times

Rowley, James: Bloomberg News

Ruane, Michael: Washington Post

Rubin, Richard: Congressional Quarterly

Rucker, Patrick: Reuters

Rucker, Philip: Washington Post

Ruf, Renzo: Der Bund

Rugaber, Chris: Associated Press

Rulon Herman, Malia: Gannett Washington Bureau

Runningen, Roger: Bloomberg News

Rutenberg, Jim: New York Times

Rutherford, Emelie: Defense Daily

Ryan, Kiki: Washington Examiner

Ryan, Timothy: Reuters

Ryu, Jae-Hoon: Hankyoreh Daily

Sacks, Stephen: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Sadeqi, Sherouq: Kuwait News Agency

Sadowski, Dennis: Catholic News Service

Saito, Nobuhiro: Mainichi Shimbun

Salant, Jonathan: Bloomberg News

Salcedo, Michele: Associated Press

Samukawa, Akira: Kyodo News

Sanchez, Humberto: Congress Daily

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sands, Ken: Congressional Quarterly

Sanger, David: New York Times

Sanner, Ann: Associated Press

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Saslow, Eli: Washington Post

Satter, Andrew: Congressional Quarterly

Savage, Charlie: New York Times

Savage, David: Los Angeles Times

Scally, William: William Scally Reports

Scannell, Kara: Wall Street Journal

Schatz, Amy: Wall Street Journal

Schatz, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Scheuble, Kristy: Bloomberg News

Schlesinger, Jacob: Wall Street Journal

Schlisserman, Courtney: Bloomberg News

Schmick, William: Bloomberg News

Schmid, Randolph: Associated Press

Schmidt, Robert: Bloomberg News

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schneider, Andrew: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Scholtes, Jennifer: Congressional Quarterly

Schoof, Renee: McClatchy Newspapers

Schouten, Fredreka: USA Today

Schroeder, Peter: Bond Buyer

Schroeder, Robert: MarketWatch

Schulte, Brigid: Washington Post

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Scott, Heather: Market News International

Scully, Megan: Congress Daily

Seeley, Tina: Bloomberg News

Seib, Gerald: Wall Street Journal

Seibel, Mark: McClatchy Newspapers

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Sevastopulo, Demetri: Financial Times

Shackelford, Lucy: Washington Post

Shalal-Esa, Andrea: Reuters

Shane, Scott: New York Times

Shanker, Thomas: New York Times

Shapira, Ian: Washington Post

Shaw, John: Market News International

Shear, Michael: Washington Post

Sheikh, Nezar: Saudi Press Agency

Shepardson, David: Detroit News

Sheridan, Kerry Colleen: Agence France-Presse

Sheridan, Mary Beth: Washington Post

Sherman, Mark: LRP Publications

Sherman, Mark: Associated Press

Sherman, Paul: CapitalBeat.com

Sherzai, Magan: Agence France-Presse

Shields, Gerard: Baton Rouge Advocate

Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

Shields, Todd: Bloomberg News

Shimada, Akihiro: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Shuppy, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Sia, Richard: Congress Daily

Sichelman, Lew: United Media

Siddons, Andrew: Yomiuri Shimbun

Sidorov, Dmitry: Kommersant

Sidoti, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Silva, Mark: Chicago Tribune

Silvassy, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Simmons, Christine: Associated Press

Simmons, Deborah: Washington Times

Simon, Neil: Media General News Service

Simon, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Simpson, Cameron: Wall Street Journal

Sisk, Richard: New York Daily News

[[Page 971]]

Sisto, Carrie: Argus Media

Sitov, Andrei: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skorneck, Carolyn: Associated Press

Skotzko, Stacey: Congressional Quarterly

Slater, James: Agence France-Presse

Sloan, Steven: American Banker

Smith, Donna: Reuters

Smith, Elliot Blair: Bloomberg News

Smith, Jeffrey: Washington Post

Smith, Sylvia: Fort Wayne Journal Gazette

Smith, Veronica: Agence France-Presse

Smolkin, Rachel: USA Today

Snider, Michael: USA Today

Sniffen, Michael: Associated Press

Sobczyk, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Soga, Ian: Bloomberg News

Solomon, Deborah: Wall Street Journal

Solomon, John: Washington Times

Solomon, Jonathan: Wall Street Journal

Somashekhar, Sandhya: Washington Post

Somerville, Glenn: Reuters

Southall, Ashley: New York Times

Sowdwer-Staley, Megan: Congressional Quarterly

Spang, Thomas: Berliner Zeitung

Spangler, Todd: Detroit Free Press

Sparks, Sarah: LRP Publications

Spence, Matthew: London Times

Spence, Tony: Catholic News Service

Spencer, Samuel: Restructuring Today

Spiegel, Peter: Wall Street Journal

Spieler, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Spillius, Alexander: London Daily Telegraph

St. George, Donna: Washington Post

Stanek, Steven: Abu Dhabi National

Starks, Tim: Congressional Quarterly

Stein, Robert: Washington Post

Stempleman, Neil: Reuters

Stephens, Joe: Washington Post

Stern, Christopher: Bloomberg News

Stern, Seth: Congressional Quarterly

Sternberg, Steve: USA Today

Sternberg, William: USA Today

Sternstein, Aliya: Congressional Quarterly

Stevenson, Richard: New York Times

Stewart, Bruce Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stewart, Nikita: Washington Post

Stockman, Farah: Boston Globe

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg News

Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Storey, David: Reuters

Stoughton, Stephenie: Associated Press

Stout, David: New York Times

Straus, Miriam: Congressional Quarterly

Stripling, John: ICIS News

Strobel, Warren: McClatchy Newspapers

Strohm, Chris: Congress Daily

Strong, Thomas: Associated Press

Stuever, Hank: Washington Post

Sturgeon, William: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Sugimoto, Ichiro: Kyodo News

Sugita, Hiroki: Kyodo News

Sullivan, Andy: Reuters

Sullivan, Bartholomew: Scripps Howard News Service

Sullivan, Eileen: Associated Press

Sun, Lena: Washington Post

Superville, Darlene: Associated Press

Surzhanskiy, Andrey: Itar-Tass News Agency

Susami, Fumitaka: Kyodo News

Swann, Christopher: Bloomberg News

Swarns, Rachel: New York Times

Sweeney, Jeanne: LRP Publications

Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

Swindell, Bill: Congress Daily

Syeed, Nafeesa: Associated Press

Symes, Frances: Congressional Quarterly

Tachino, Junji: Asahi Shimbun

Tackett, Michael: Bloomberg News

Taillefer, Pierre: Agence France-Presse

Takahashi, Hiroyuki: Jiji Press

Takei, Toru: Kyodo News

Talev, Margaret: McClatchy Newspapers

Talley, Ian: Dow Jones Newswires

Tandon, Shaun: Agence France-Presse

Tankersley, James: Chicago Tribune

Tanzi, Alex: Bloomberg News

Tate, Curtis: McClatchy Newspapers

Tavara, Santiago: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Taylor, Andrew: Associated Press

Taylor, Marisa: McClatchy Newspapers

Teitelbaum, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Temple-West, Patrick: Bond Buyer

Tessler, Joelle: Associated Press

Tetreault, Stephan: Stephens Media Group

Theimer, Sharon: Associated Press

Theobald, William: Gannett News Service

Thibodeaux, Sarah: Congressional Quarterly

Thibodeaux, Troy: Associated Press

Thiruvengadam, Meena: Dow Jones Newswires

Thomas, Helen: Hearst Newspapers

Thomas, Ken: Associated Press

Thomas, Richard: Votes In Congress Service

Thomasson, Dan: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomma, Steven: McClatchy Newspapers

Thompson, Cheryl: Washington Post

Thompson, Krissah: Washington Post

Thompson, Marilyn: Washington Post

Thompson, Robert: Washington Post

Tilove, Jonathan: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Tobe, Hajime: Kyodo News

Tokito, Mineko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Toles, Tom: Washington Post

Toloui-Semnani, Neda: Congressional Quarterly

[[Page 972]]

Tomasky, Michael: London Guardian

Tomkin, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Tompson, Trevor: Associated Press

Toppo, Gregory: USA Today

Torobin, Jeremy: Bloomberg News

Torres, Carlos: Bloomberg News

Torres, Craig: Bloomberg News

Torry, Jack: Columbus Dispatch

Torry, Saundra: USA Today

Tranausky, Todd: Argus Media

Trankovits, Laszlo: German Press Agency-DPA

Trejos, Nancy: Washington Post

Trescott, Jacqueline: Washington Post

Trottman, Melanie: Wall Street Journal

Trowbridge, Gordon: Detroit News

Trygstad, Kyle: Real Clear Politics

Tsao, Nadia Y.F.: Liberty Times

Tucker, Boyd Neely: Washington Post

Tumgoren, Serdar: Congressional Quarterly

Tumulty, Brian: Gannett News Service

Tunks, Larry: Congressional Quarterly

Turley, Melissa: LRP Publications

Turque, Bill: Washington Post

Tyson, Ann Scott: Washington Post

Tyson, James: Bloomberg News

Ukai, Satoshi: Asahi Shimbun

Urano, Eri: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

Urban, Peter: Connecticut Post

Urdaneta, Diego: Agence France-Presse

Uy, Erin: LRP Publications

Vadala, Gregory: Congressional Quarterly

Val Mitjavila, Eusebio: La Vanguardia

Valentino, Paolo: Corriere Della Sera

Valery, Chantal: Agence France-Presse

Van Nostrand, Jim: McClatchy Newspapers

Vanden Brook, Tom: USA Today

Vanderbilt, Sarah: Congressional Quarterly

Vanderhaar, William: Associated Press

Vargas, Jose Antonio: Washington Post

Vargas, Theresa: Washington Post

Varsalona, Devin: Congressional Quarterly

Vaughan, Martin: Dow Jones Newswires

Veigle, Anne: Communications Daily

Vekshin, Alison: Bloomberg News

Venkannaiah, Krishna: Hindustan Times

Vergano, Dan: USA Today

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vidal Liy, Macarena: EFE News Services

Vineys, Kevin: Associated Press

Vogel, Stephen: Washington Post

Vogt, Christophe: Agence France-Presse

Volpe, Paul: Washington Post

Von Marschall, Christoph: Der Tagesspiegel

Vorman, Julie: Reuters

Wagman, Robert: Newspaper Enterprise

Wagner, Daniel: Associated Press

Wagner, John: Washington Post

Waitz, Nancy: Reuters

Walcott, John: McClatchy Newspapers

Wald, Matthew: New York Times

Walker, Emily: Medpagetoday.com

Wallbank, Derek: Congressional Quarterly

Wallsten, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Walters, Anne: German Press Agency-DPA

Wang, Herman: Chattanooga Times Free Press

Wang, Stephanie: Asahi Shimbun

Wang, Yu-Ting: Communications Daily

Wangsness, Lisa: Boston Globe

Ward, Andrew: Financial Times

Ward, Jon: Washington Times

Warminsky, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Warner, Judith: New York Times

Warren, Timothy: Washington Times

Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

Watanabe, Hiroo: Sankei Shimbun

Watson, Traci: USA Today

Watters, Susan: Fairchild News Service

Wayne, Alexander: Congressional Quarterly

Wayne, Leslie: New York Times

Webber, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Weekes, Jr., Michael: Reuters

Wehrman, Jessica: Dayton Daily News

Wei, Jing: Xinhua News Agency

Wei, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Weiner, Mark: Syracuse Post-Standard

Weinstein, Matthew: Congressional Quarterly

Weir, Kytja: Washington Examiner

Weisman, Jonathan: Wall Street Journal

Weiss, Eric: Washington Post

Weiss, Miles Geoffrey: Bloomberg News

Welch, James: USA Today

Wellisz, Chris: Bloomberg News

Wells, Letitia: McClatchy Newspapers

Wells, Robert: Dow Jones Newswires

Werner, Erica: Associated Press

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westbrook, Jesse: Bloomberg News

Westley, Brian: Associated Press

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Weyl, Ben: Congressional Quarterly

White, Dina: Chicago Tribune

White, Gordon: Washington Telecommunications Services

White, Joseph: Wall Street Journal

White, Josh: Washington Post

White, Keith: Congress Daily

White, Jr., Joseph: Associated Press

Whitesides, John: Reuters

Whitmire, Guy: Congressional Quarterly

Whitten, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Whoriskey, Peter: Washington Post

Wilkison, David: Associated Press

Williams, Jr., Joseph: Boston Globe

Williamson, Elizabeth: Wall Street Journal

[[Page 973]]

Willis, Robert: Bloomberg News

Wilson, George: Congress Daily

Wilson, Patricia: Reuters

Wilson, Scott: Washington Post

Winicour, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Winski, Joe: Bloomberg News

Wirzbicki, Alan: Boston Globe

Witcover, Jules: Tribune Media Services

Witkowski, Nancy Benac: Associated Press

Woellert, Lorraine: Bloomberg News

Wolf, Daniel: Scripps Howard News Service

Wolf, Jim: Reuters

Wolf, Richard: USA Today

Wolfe, Frank: LRP Publications

Wolfe, Kathryn: Congressional Quarterly

Woo, Yee Ling: Congressional Quarterly

Wood, David: Baltimore Sun

Woodward, Bob: Washington Post

Woodward, Calvin: Associated Press

Wu, Qing Cai: China News Service

Wuetherich, Peter: Agence France-Presse

Wutkowski, Karey: Reuters

Wynn, Randall: Congressional Quarterly

Xian, Wen: China People's Daily

Xiangwen, Ge: Xinhua News Agency

Xiao-Jing, Du: China Press

Xiong, Min: 21st Century Business Herald

Xuejiang, Li: China People's Daily

Yada, Toshihiko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Yamada, Tetsuro: Yomiuri Shimbun

Yamamoto, Hideya: Sankei Shimbun

Yamour, Heather: Kuwait News Agency

Yan, Feng: Xinhua News Agency

Yancey, Matthew: Associated Press

Yang, Liming: China Youth Daily

Yang, Quinchuan: Xinhua News Agency

Yano, Kimiko: Kyodo News

Yasunaga, Tatsuro: Kyodo News

Yaukey, John: Gannett News Service

Yen, Hope: Associated Press

Yoder, Eric: Washington Post

Yoest, Patrick: Dow Jones Newswires

Yoneyama, Yusuke: Nikkei

Yoon, Kyongho: Maeil Business Newspaper

York, Byron: Washington Examiner

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Young, Donna: BioWorld Today

Young, Kerry: Congressional Quarterly

Young, Mark: Media General News Service

Younglai, Rachelle: Reuters

Youssef, Nancy: McClatchy Newspapers

Yu, Donghui: China Press

Zabarenko, Deborah: Reuters

Zacharia, Janine: Bloomberg News

Zagaroli, Lisa: McClatchy Newspapers

Zajac, Andrew: Chicago Tribune

Zak, Dan: Washington Post

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zamora Barcelo, Jordi: Agence France-Presse

Zapor, Patricia: Catholic News Service

Zeitvogel, Karin: Agence France-Presse

Zeleny, Jeff: New York Times

Zeller, Shawn: Congressional Quarterly

Zhang, Jane: Wall Street Journal

Zhao, Yi: Xinhua News Agency

Zhu, Xingfu: Shanghai Wenhui Daily

Zibel, Alan: Associated Press

Ziener, Markus: Handelsblatt

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, Aaron: Los Angeles Times

Zlodorev, Dmitri: Itar-Tass News Agency

Zongker, Brett: Associated Press

Zoroya, Gregg: USA Today

Zoupaniotis, Apostolos: Cyprus News Agency

Zremski, Jerry: Buffalo News

Zwelling, Michael: Restructuring Today

[[Page 974]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

                                     

       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

21ST CENTURY BUSINESS HERALD--(202) 431-1526; 1706 Euclid Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20009: Min Xiong.

ABIM--(703) 243-2104; 1344 Merrie Ridge Road, McLean, VA 22101: Mario 
Navarro da Costa.

ABU DHABI NATIONAL--(202) 662-7086; 1081 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Erika Niedowski, Steven Stanek.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0541; 1500 K Street, NW., Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20036: Patrick Baert, Andrew Beatty, Daphne Benoit, Joanna 
Biddle, Lachlan Carmichael, Myriam Chaplain, Stephen Collinson, Guillaume 
Decamme, Daniel DeLuce, Francisco Ferrari, Sandra Ferrer, Frederic Galan, 
Stephanie Griffith, Edouard Guihaire, Carlos Hamann, Olivia Hampton, 
Charlotte Hill, Hugues Honore, Sara Hussein, Jitendra Joshi, Marc Jourdier, 
Maxim Kniazkov, Olivier Knox, Michael Langan, Sylvie Lanteaume, David 
Christopher Lefkow, Robert Lever, Celine Loubette, Laurent Lozano, Lucile 
Malandain, James Mannion, Michael Mathes, David Millikin, Virginie Montet, 
Alexander Ogle, 
Emmanuel Parisse, Parameswaran Ponnudurai, Jean-Louis Santini, Kerry 
Colleen Sheridan, Magan Sherzai, James Slater, Veronica Smith, Pierre 
Taillefer, Shaun Tandon, Diego Urdaneta, Chantal Valery, Christophe Vogt, 
Peter Wuetherich, Jordi Zamora Barcelo, Karin Zeitvogel.

AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Toshiya Kobayashi Hiroshi Nishimura.

AL RAI--(202) 561-9154; 1210 Massachusetts Avenue, Washington, DC 20005: 
Abdul-Hussain Hussain.

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL--(202) 662-7488; 1111 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Michael Coleman.

AL-HAYAT--(202) 783-5544; 1185 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Joyce Karam.

ALLAFRICA.COM--(202) 546-0777; 920 M Street, SE., Washington, DC 20003: 
Tamela Hultman, Reed Kramer.

ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(202) 824-8216; 1025 F Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20004: Josh Drobnyk.

AMERICA IN ARABIC NEWS AGENCY--(202) 372-5919; 1293 National Press 
Building, Washington, DC 20045: Emad Mekay.

AMERICAN BANKER--(202) 434-0317; 4401 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 
20005: Joseph Adler, Emily Flitter, Cheyenne Hopkins, Stacy Lynn Kaper, 
Steven Sloan.

ANSA ITALIAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Marcello Campo, Luciano Clerico, Cristiano Del 
Riccio, Marcelo Raimon.

ARGUS MEDIA--(202) 775-0240; 1012 14th Street, Suite 1500, Washington, DC 
20005: Ross Allen, Michael Ball, Abby Caplan, Molly Christian, Givco 
Grancharov, David Ivanovich, Matthew Mansfield, Pamela Najor, Christopher 
Newman, Hannah Northey, Anne O'Neil, Claire Pickard-Cambridge, Elizabeth 
Rosenberg, Carrie Sisto, Todd Tranausky.

ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Alex Daniels, Jane Fullerton.

ARTISTS & WRITERS SYNDICATE--(703) 820-4232; 6325 Beachway Drive, Falls 
Church, VA 22044: Frank Aukofer.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Emma Ashburn, Brian Clampitt, Erin Connealy, Hiroshi Ito, Yoichi 
Kato, Toshihiko Katsuda, Yuko Lanham, Aya Maher, Lauren McGaughy, Hirotsugu 
Mochizuki, Rebekah Moses, Yusuke Murayama, Toshihiko Ogata, Junji Tachino, 
Satoshi Ukai, Stephanie Wang.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 641-9400; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20005: James Abrams, Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Matt Apuzzo, 
John Jay Arnold, Jeannine Aversa, Charles Babington, Lolita Baldor, Matthew 
Barakat, Devlin Barrett, Brett Blackledge, Donna Borak, Seth Borenstein, 
Stephen Braun, Ted Bridis, Robert Burns, Desmond Butler, Dana Cappiello, 
Connie Cass, Donna Cassata, Shawn Chen, Dennis Conrad, Martin Crutsinger, 
Matthew Daly, Douglass Daniel, Elizabeth Davidz, Julie Davis, Jim Drinkard, 
Harry Dunphy, Ronald Edmonds, Jr., Donald Elkins, Philip Elliott, David 
Espo, Ben Evans, Carole Feldman, Ben Feller, Howard Fendrich, Anne 
Flaherty, Matt Ford, Ron Fournier, Alan Fram, Kevin Freking, Frederic 
Frommer, Robert Furlow, Suzanne Gamboa, Gillian Gaynair, Anne Gearan, 
Robert Glass, Shawn Gomez, Marcy Gordon, Ken Guggenheim, Sam Hananel, 
Merrill Hartson, H. Josef Hebert, Kimberly Hefling, John Heilprin, Gregory 
Henderson, John Henry, Pamela Hess, Earl Hinton, Jesse Holland, Terence 
Hunt, Steven Hurst, Nestor Ikeda, Henry Jackson, Lara Jakes, Mary Clare 
Jalonick, Pauline Jelinek, Kory Jessen, Dennis Junius, Sarah Karush, Laurie 
Kellman Blazar, Jennifer Kerr, Eric Klimek, Foster Klug, Steven Komarow, 
Jim Kuhnhenn,

[[Page 975]]

Kamala Lane, Richard Lardner, Matthew Lee, Janet Leissner, William Lester, 
James Lipari, Jennifer Loven, Joan Lowy, Karen Mahabir, William Mann, 
Stephen Manning, Lawrence Margasak, Natasha Metzler, Andrew Miga, Damiko 
Morris, Lauran Neergaard, Stephen Ohlemacher, Mark Olchowy, David Pace, 
Matthew Perrone, Nedra Pickler, Melinda Purce, Eileen Putman, Libby Quaid, 
Thomas Raum, Keith Rickett, Deb Riechmann-Kepler, Sonya Ross, Chris 
Rugaber, Michele Salcedo, Ann Sanner, Randolph Schmid, Barry Schweid, Mark 
Sherman, Elizabeth Sidoti, Christine Simmons, Carolyn Skorneck, Michael 
Sniffen, Stephenie Stoughton, Thomas Strong, Eileen Sullivan, Darlene 
Superville, Nafeesa Syeed, Andrew Taylor, Joelle Tessler, Sharon Theimer, 
Troy Thibodeaux, Ken Thomas, Trevor Tompson, William Vanderhaar, Kevin 
Vineys, Daniel Wagner, Erica Werner, Brian Westley, Joseph White, Jr., 
David Wilkison, Nancy Benac Witkowski, Calvin Woodward, Matthew Yancey, 
Hope Yen, Pete Yost, Alan Zibel, Brett Zongker.

ATLANTA JOURNAL CONSTITUTION--(202) 887-8380; 400 North Capitol Street, 
NW., Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001: Bob Keefe.

AUSTRALIAN--(202) 628-7079; 446 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Geoff Elliott, Brad Norington.

BALTIMORE SUN--(202) 824-8410; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Jeffrey Barker, Paul West, David Wood.

BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE--(202) 554-0458; S-316 U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC 
20510: Gerard Shields.

BERGEN RECORD--(202) 249-2160; 1701 16th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20008: 
Herbert Jackson.

BERLINER ZEITUNG--(301) 762-9661; 1717 Sunrise Drive, Rockville, MD 20854: 
Dietmar Ostermann.

BIOWORLD TODAY--(202) 739-9556; 1725 K Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20006: Donna Young.

BIRMINGHAM NEWS--(202) 744-5574; 700 12th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Mary Orndorff.

BLOOMBERG NEWS--(202) 624-1800; 1399 New York Avenue, 11th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Christopher Anstey, Laurie Asseo, Charles Babcock, 
Terrence Barrett, Matthew Benjamin, Max Berley, John Berry, Alan Bjerga, 
Jeffrey Bliss, Justin Blum, Romaine Bostick, John Brinsley, Timothy Burger, 
Andy Burt, Anthony Capaccio, Margaret Chadbourn, Shobhana Chandra, Edwin 
Chen, Kimberly Chipman, Rebecca Christie, Sonya Cooper, Gadi Dechter, Susan 
Decker, Vincent Del Giudice, Edward DeMarco, Catherine Dodge, Ryan 
Donmoyer, Mark Drajem, Bob Drummond, Curtis Eichelberger, Nadine Elsibai, 
Daniel Enoch, Brian Faler, Ken Fireman, Alison Fitzgerald, Michael 
Forsythe, Joshua Gallu, Nicole Gaouette, Viola Gienger, Julianna Goldman, 
Avram Goldstein, Vince Golle, Brigitte Greenberg, Robert Greene, Angela 
Greiling Keane, Dan Hart, Timothy Homan, John Hughes, Ann Hughey, Albert 
Hunt, Kristin Jensen, Nicholas Johnston, Ian Katz, Nancy Kercheval, Jim 
Kirk, Alison Kodjak-Fitzgerald, Dawn Kopecki, Indira Lakashmanan, Scott 
Lanman, Catherine Larkin, Larry Liebert, Laura Litvan, Simon Lomax, Aliza 
Marcus, Demian McLean, Mark McQuillan, William McQuillen, Robin Meszoly, 
Chris Middleton, Richard Miller, Daniel Moss, Gregory Mott, Brendan Murray, 
Hans Nichols, C. JoAnne Norton, James O'Connell, Joseph O'Reilly II, Molly 
Peterson, Jeff Plungis, Joi Preciphs, Heidi Przybyla, Sandrine Rastello, 
Gopal Ratnam, Kelly Riddell, Mark Rohner, Holly Rosenkrantz, James Rowley, 
Roger Runningen, Jonathan Salant, Kristy Scheuble, Courtney Schlisserman, 
William Schmick, Robert Schmidt, Tina Seeley, Todd Shields, Elliot Blair 
Smith, Joseph Sobczyk, Ian Soga, Christopher Stern, Greg Stohr, Christopher 
Swann, Michael Tackett, Alex Tanzi, Jeremy Torobin, Carlos Torres, Craig 
Torres, James Tyson, Alison Vekshin, Miles Geoffrey Weiss, Chris Wellisz, 
Jesse Westbrook, Daniel Whitten, Robert Willis, Joe Winski, Lorraine 
Woellert, Janine Zacharia.

BOND BUYER--(202) 434-0300; 4401 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 910, Arlington, VA 
22203: Andrew 
Ackerman, Audrey Dutton, Lynne Funk, Lynn Hume, Peter Schroeder, Patrick 
Temple-West.

BOSTON GLOBE--(202) 857-5050; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 
Washington, DC 20036: Bryan Bender, Peter Canellos, Sasha Issenberg, 
Michael Kranish, Susan Milligan, Farah Stockman, Lisa Wangsness, Joseph 
Williams, Jr., Alan Wirzbicki.

BUFFALO NEWS--(202) 737-3188; 841 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jerry Zremski.

CALCUTTA TELEGRAPH--(301) 654-6008; 5500 Friendship Boulevard Suite, Suite 
1217, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: Krishnan Nayar.

CANWEST NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7576; 1206 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sheldon Alberts.

CAPITAL CONNECTIONS--(202) 337-2044; 1698 32nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Karen Feld.

CAPITALBEAT.COM--(202) 546-8903; 325 Pennsylvania Avenue SE., Suite 250, 
Washington, DC 20003: Paul Sherman.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3275; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., Washington, 
DC 20017: Julie Asher, Barbara Fraze, Nancy Hartnagel, Chaz Muth, Nancy 
O'Brien, Mark Pattison, Dennis Sadowski, Tony Spence, Patricia Zapor, Carol 
Zimmerman.

CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--(703) 207-0223; 1173 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kuen-yuan Liu.

CHATTANOOGA TIMES FREE PRESS--(202) 468-3182; 3722 Van Ness Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Herman Wang.

[[Page 976]]

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(202) 662-8808; 1206 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Lynn Sweet.

TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8200; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20004: Mike Dorning, Frank James, John McCormick, James Oliphant, Clarence 
Page, Christi Parsons, Mark Silva, James Tankersley, Dina White, Andrew 
Zajac.

CHINA LEGAL DAILY--(571) 331-1916; 2111 Jefferson Davis Highway, Apartment 
1109, Arlington, VA 22202: Zou Qiang.

CHINA NEWS SERVICE--(571) 315-1266; 2200 North Westmoreland Street, Suite 
503, Arlington, VA 22213: Jing Li, Qing Cai Wu.

CHINA PEOPLE'S DAILY--(703) 648-1298; 2506 Falls Mere Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22202: Wen Xian, Li Xuejiang.

CHINA PRESS--(703) 289-6651; 4100 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., Apartment 119, 
Washington, DC 20016: Zhenyu Li, Du Xiao-Jing, Donghui Yu.

CHINA TIMES--(202) 347-5670; 952 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ping Liu.

CHINA YOUTH DAILY--(202) 344-5416; 1600 South Eads Street, Apartment 805N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Ju Hui, Liming Yang.

CHOSUN ILBO--(202) 783-4236; 1291 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ha Won Lee.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(202) 481-6650; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20006: Gail Chaddock, Dante Chinni, David Cook, Linda 
Feldmann, Peter Grier, Francine Kiefer, Howard La Franchi, Gordon Lubold, 
Warren Richey.

CLARIN--(202) 737-4850; 988 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Ana Baron.

CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sabrina Eaton.

CNET NEWS.COM--(202) 686-1202; 4501 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 422, 
Washington, DC 20008: Stephanie Condon.

COLUMBUS DISPATCH--(202) 824-6766; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: Jonathan Riskind, Jack Torry (202) 824-6765.

COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Adam Bender, Howard Buskirk, Leslie Cantu, Virgil Dickson, Dinesh 
Kumar, Jonathan Make, Ryan McDermott, Dawson Nail, Greg Piper, Anne Veigle, 
Yu-Ting Wang.

CONGRESS DAILY--(202) 739-8400; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., Washington, 
DC 20037: Peter Bell, Kenneth Chamberlain, Peter Cohn, George Condon Jr., 
Carey Dann, Jason Dick, Anna Edney, Helen Fessenden, Michael Fox, Daniel 
Friedman, Kathy Gambrell, Darren Goode, Shihoko Goto, Juliana Gruenwald, 
David Hatch, David Hess, Billy House, Kasie Hunt, Charles Jordan, Bob 
Kemper, Terence Kivlan, Otto Kreisher, Andrew Leonatti, Mike Magner, Jason 
Mann, Erin McPike, Irvin Molotsky, David Morris, Andrew Noyes, Louis Peck, 
Art Pine, Michael Posner, Elaine Povich, Humberto Sanchez, Megan Scully, 
Richard Sia, Chris Strohm, Bill Swindell, Keith White, George Wilson.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 419-8515; 1255 22nd Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20037: Rebecca Adams, Adjoa Adofo, Alan Ahlrich, Ifedayo Akinwande, Syed 
Ali, Kent Allen, Amanda Allen, Jonathan Allen, Joanna Anderson, Martha 
Angle, Andrew Armstrong, Melissa Attias, James Barker, David Baumann, Jamie 
Baylis, Robert Benenson, Susan Benkelman, Clea Benson, Adriel Bettelheim, 
Arwen Adams Bicknell, John Bicknell, Joel Bowen, Jonathan Broder, Ronald 
Brodmann, Emily Cadei, James Carroll, Linda Cartwright, Mike Christensen, 
David Clarke, George Codrea, Charles Conlon, Maureen Conners, Neal Conway, 
Jessica Coomes, Jessica Benton Cooney, John Cranford, Coral Davenport, Kate 
Davidson, David Davis, Karoun Demirjian, John Dineen, John Donnelly, Bruce 
Drake, Loren Duggan, Emma Dumain, Toby Eckert, Edward Epstein, Emily 
Ethridge, Daniel Fowler, Jamey Fry, Marilyn Gates-Davis, Lydia Gensheimer, 
Sasha Ghosh-Siminoff, Gregory Giroux, Jonathan Goldberg, Reese Goldsmith, 
Norman Gomlak, Adam Graham-Silverman, Kimberly Hallock, Thomas Hannett, 
David Hawkings, Robert Healy, Caitlin Hendel, Paul Hendrie, David Higgins, 
Leslie Hoffecker, Charles Hoskinson, Anne Hoy, Kathleen Hunter, John Irons, 
Colby Itkowitz, Benton Ives-Halperin, Bart Jansen, Shweta Jha, Matthew 
Johnson, Annie Johnson, Kerry Jones, Patricia Joy, Rachel Kapochunas, 
Noella Kertes, Kayvon Khaledi, Anne Kim, Angela Kim, Peter King, Alex 
Knott, Matthew Korade, Paul Krawzak, Adrianne Kroepsch, Carliner Leah, 
Chris Lehmann, Adam Levin, Nathan Levinson, Finlay Lewis, Robert James 
Margetta, William Matthews, Phil Mattingly, Meghan McCarthy, Courtney 
McCarty, Chuck McCutcheon, Greg McDonald, Kathleen Murphy, Melinda Nahmias, 
David Nather, E. Roy Nkansah, Jane Norman, Emily Norton, Brian Nutting, 
Leah Nylen, Alan Ota, Avery Palmer, Christina Parisi, Daniel Parks, Keith 
Perine, Lauren Phillips, Eric Ray, Jill Raymond, Marc Rehmann, John 
Reichard, Betty Richardson, Catharine Richert, Michael Riley, Katherine 
Rizzo, Joshua Rogin, Bennett Roth, Richard Rubin, Ken Sands, Andrew Satter, 
Joseph Schatz, Jennifer Scholtes, Anne Shuppy, Kathleen Silvassy, Stacey 
Skotzko, Megan Sowdwer-Staley, Matthew Spieler, Tim Starks, Seth Stern, 
Aliya Sternstein, Miriam Straus, Frances Symes, Michael Teitelbaum, Sarah 
Thibodeaux, Neda Toloui-Semnani, Robert Tomkin, Serdar Tumgoren, Larry 
Tunks, Gregory Vadala, Sarah Vanderbilt, Devin Varsalona, Derek Wallbank, 
Joseph Warminsky, Alexander Wayne, Caitlin Webber, Matthew Weinstein, Ben 
Weyl, Guy Whitmire, Daniel Winicour, Kathryn Wolfe, Yee Ling Woo, Randall 
Wynn, Kerry Young, Shawn Zeller.

[[Page 977]]

CONNECTICUT POST--(202) 662-8927; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Peter Urban.

CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(202) 383-2788; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Paolo Valentino.

CREATORS SYNDICATE--(202) 662-1255; 5777 West Century Boulevard, Suite 700, 
Los Angeles CA 90045: Mark Shields.

CUMHURIYET--(202) 758-3222; 603 A Street, SE., Washington, DC 20003: Elcin 
Poyraxlar.

CYPRUS NEWS AGENCY--(646) 286-9640; 1125 6th Street, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Apostolos Zoupaniotis.

DAGENS NYHETER--(202) 429-0134; 1001 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 428, 
Washington, DC 20036: Erik Ohlsson.

DAILY DEAL--(202) 429-2991; 1775 K Street, Suite 590, Washington, DC 20006: 
Cecile Lindell, William McConnell.

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(202) 661-8410; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, Washington, 
DC 20005: Alfredo Corchado, Todd Gillman, James Landers, Carl Leubsdorf, 
David Michaels.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS--(202) 887-8328; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20001: Jessica Wehrman.

DEFENSE DAILY--(703) 522-5655; 1500 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 515, Arlington, 
VA 22209: David Ahearn, Geoff Fein, Maria Malenic, John Robinson, Ann 
Roosevelt, Emelie Rutherford.

DENVER POST--(202) 662-8907; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20010: Michael Riley.

DER BUND--(202) 403-7115; 31 Kennedy Street, NW., Apartment 202, 
Washington, DC 20011: Renzo Ruf.

DER TAGESSPIEGEL--(202) 686-3547; 3200 Patterson Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20015: Christoph Von Marschall.

DES MOINES REGISTER--(202) 906-8138; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Philip Brasher.

DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 906-8204; 1100 New York Avenue, Suite 200E, 
Washington, DC 20005: Justin Hyde, Todd Spangler.

DETROIT NEWS--1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: Deborah 
Price 
(202) 906-8205, David Shepardson (202) 662-8378, Gordon Trowbridge (202) 
662-8378.

DOW JONES NEWSWIRES--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mark Anderson, Tom Barkley, Jeffrey Bater, Brian 
Blackstone, Corey Boles, Judith Burns, Anthony Cooke, Jennifer Corbett 
Dooren, Michael Crittenden, Jared Favole, Jessica Holzer, Darrell Hughes, 
Siobhan Hughes, Maya Jackson-Randall, Fawn Johnson, Brian Kalish, Brent 
Kendall, Sarah Lynch, Joshua Mitchell, Bhattiprolu Murti, Jacqueline 
Palank, Yogettaben Patel, Henry Pulizzi, David Reynolds, Ian Talley, Meena 
Thiruvengadam, Martin Vaughan, Robert Wells, Patrick Yoest.

EFE NEWS SERVICES--(202) 745-7692; 1220 National Press Building, Washingon, 
DC 20045: Celine Aemisegger, Maria Azpiazu, Jorge Banales, Teresa Bouza, 
Maribel El Hamti, Francisco Gonzalez, Orlando Lizama, Cesar Munoz-Acebes, 
Elvira Palomo, Maria Pena, Macarena Vidal Liy.

EL DIARIO DE HOY--(571) 278-1321; 603 South Adams Street, Arlington, VA 
22204: Tomas Guevara.

EL NUEVO DIA--(202) 662-7360; 960d National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Delgado.

EL PAIS--(202) 638-7604; 1134 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: David Alandete, 20045: Antonio Cano, Yolanda Monge.

EL PERIODICO DE CATALUNYA--(202) 352-4153; 6406 Ruffin Road, Chevy Chase, 
MD 20815: Juan Canete Bayle.

EL TIEMPO--(202) 607-5929; 1102 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Sergio Gomez.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 262-6656; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Hernandez.

ELEFTHEROS TYPOS--(202) 675-0697; 784 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Lambros Papantoniou.

ENERGY DAILY--(703) 358-9201; 1500 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 515, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Jeff Beattie, Christopher Holly, Llewellyn King, Eric Lindeman, 
George Lobsenz, Jonathan Rickman.

ETHNOS GREECE--(202) 361-7843; 1133 14th Street, NW., Suite 507, 
Washington, DC 20005: Michail Ignatiou.

EUROPOLITICS--(202) 758-8462; 1200 5th Street, #203, Washington, DC 20001: 
Brian Beary.

FAIRCHILD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 496-4975; 1050 17th Street, NW., Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20036: Elizabeth Casabona, Kristi Ellis, Susan Watters.

FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 289-5474; 1023 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Alan Beattie, Tom Braithwaite, Daniel Dombey, Krishna Guha, Edward 
Luce, Sarah O'Connor, Demetri Sevastopulo, Andrew Ward.

FINANCIAL TIMES DEUTSCHLAND--(202) 588-9411; 1023 15th Street, NW., Suite 
700, Washington, DC 20005: Sabine Muscat.

FORT WAYNE JOURNAL GAZETTE--(202) 879-6710; 551 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sylvia Smith.

FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM--(202) 383-6103; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Maria Recio.

[[Page 978]]

FRANKFURTER RUNDSCHAU--(301) 762-9661; 1717 Sunrise Drive, Rockville, MD 
20854: Dietmar Ostermann.

FREELANCE--(202) 824-8255; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20004: Tamara Lytle.

FREELANCE--(301) 767-9830; 8307 Rising Ridgeway, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Katherine Reynolds Lewis.

GANNETT WASHINGTON BUREAU--(202) 906-8100; 1100 New York Avenue, 
Washington, DC 20005: Deborah Berry, Larry Bivins, Sammie Chan, Raju 
Chebium, Val Ellicott, Maria Fowler, Maureen Groppe, Alethea Jordan, Erin 
Kelly, Eun Kim, Ledyard King, Marie Marino, Dennis Noone, Charles Raasch, 
Laura Rehrmann, Malia Rulon Herman, Craig Schwed, William Theobald, Brian 
Tumulty, John Yaukey.

GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 662-1220; 1112 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sylvia Ayuso Determeyer, Frank Brandmaier, 
Christopher Cermak, Gabriele Chwallek, Frank Fuhrig, Mike McCarthy, Peer 
Meinert, Antje Passenheim, Anindita Ramaswamy, Paticia Reber, Laszlo 
Trankovits, Anne Walters.

GLOBAL HORIZONS SYNDICATE--(202) 966-8636; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20036: Edward Flattau.

GLOBALPOST--(202) 468-6100; 10004 Frederick Avenue, Kensington, MD 20895: 
John Aloysius Farrell.

GRIFFIN-LARRABEE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 548-6343; 2404 Davis Avenue, 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Betty Mills.

HAARETZ DAILY--(240) 669-8790; 204 Congressional Lane, Rockville, MD 20852: 
Natasha Mozgovaya.

HANDELSBLATT--(202) 244-0238; 3823 Fessenden Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Markus Ziener.

HANKYOREH DAILY--(202) 347-7411; 821 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Taeho Kwon, Jae-Hoon Ryu.

HEARST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 263-6400; 1700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Jennifer Dlouhy, Dan Freedman, Charles Lewis, Stewart 
Powell, Helen Thomas.

HELSINGIN SANOMAT--(301) 907-0080; 5009 Del Ray Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20814: 
Pekka Mykkanen.

HINDUSTAN TIMES--(202) 731-7937; 4000 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., #716, 
Washington, DC 20016: Krishna Venkannaiah.

HOKKAIDO SHIMBUN--(202) 783-6033; 1012 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Masayuki Kishi.

HOSPODARSKE NOVING DAILY--(202) 344-7730; 4933 Crescent Street, Bethesda, 
MD 20816: Daniel Anyz.

HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6511; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Richard Dunham.

HUFFINGTON POST--(202) 885-9947; 1704 R Street, NW., Washington, DC 20009: 
Ryan Grim, Nico Pitney.

HURRIYET--(301) 564-6691; 16 Grove Ridge Court, Rockville, MD 20852: Mehmet 
Cindemir.

ICIS NEWS--333 North Fairfax Street, Suite 301, Alexandria, VA 22314: 
Joseph Kamalick 
(202) 776-1352, John Stripling (202) 659-9208.

IFR MARKETS--1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 200, Washington, DC 20005: 
Christine Dickerson 
(202) 772-0950, Pete Kasperowicz (202) 772-0959, Jerry Konjevoda (202) 772-
0950, Tessa Moran (292) 772-0954.

II GIORNALE--(202) 237-1019; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20016: 
Mariuccia Chiantaretto.

II SOLE 24 ORE--(202) 362-3871; 5051 Overlook Road, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Mario 
Calvo-Platero.

INDIA PRESS TRUST--(301) 564-2963; 10500 Rockville Pike, Suite 1217, North 
Bethesda, MD 20852: Lalit Jha.

INDO-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE--(301) 412-9234; 4801 Kenmore Avenue, Apartment 
910, Alexandria, VA 22304: Arun Kumar.

INSIDE HIGHER ED--(202) 659-9208; 1320 18th Street, NW., 5th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20036: David Moltz, Elizabeth Redden.

INTER PRESS SERVICE--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Abid Aslam, James Lobe, Emad Mekay.

INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE--(202) 862-0357; 1627 I Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20006: Brian Knowlton.

INTERNETNEWS.COM--(202) 506-7743; 2800 Quebec Street, NW., Apartment 823, 
Washington, DC 20001: Kenneth Corbin.

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(202) 728-2152; 1001 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
415, Washington, DC 20036: Sean Higgins, David Hogberg.

ITAR-TASS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dmitry Kirsanov, Alexander Pakhomov, Andrei Sitov, 
Andrey Surzhanskiy, Dmitri Zlodorev.

JERUSALEM POST--(202) 758-0862; 1706 Q Street, NW., #3, Washington, DC 
20009: Hilary Leila Krieger.

JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(202) 737-0935; 1025 Vermont Avenue, NW., #504, 
Washington, DC 20005: Eric Fingerhut, Ron Kampeas.

[[Page 979]]

JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ai Awaji, Takashi Fudo, Andrew Gorcester, Takuya Higuchi, Kosuke 
Ito, Takefumi Kato, Yoshiki Kishida, Shuko Kuno, Hiroyuki Takahashi.

JOONGANG ILBO--(202) 347-0122; 839 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jungwook Kim, Sang Il Lee.

JYLLANDS-POSTEN--(301) 320-9079; 6405 Little Leigh Court, Cabin John, MD 
20818: Klaus Justsen.

KANSAS CITY STAR--(202) 383-6001; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Goldstein.

KIPLING NEWS SERVICE--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906: Bogdan Kipling.

KOMMERSANT--(202) 248-8191; 3700 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., Suite 317, 
Washington, DC 20016: Dmitry Sidorov.

KOREA DONG-A ILBO--(202) 347-4097; 974 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Taewon Ha (202) 347-4097, Keehong Lee.

KOREA ECONOMIC DAILY--(703) 850-3396; 8108 Meadow Springs Court, Vienna, VA 
22182: Hong Yeol Kim.

KOREA TIMES--(703) 941-8002; 7601 Little River Turnpike, Third Floor, 
Annandale, VA 22003: Sung Joong Ahn, Christina Young Chong, Chang-Yul Lee, 
Byonghan Lee, Jong Kook Lee, Kwang Duk Park.

KUKMIN DAILY--(202) 637-0567; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Myung Ho Kim.

KUWAIT NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ronald Baygents, Joe Macaron, Sherouq Sadeqi, Heather 
Yamour.

KYODO NEWS--(202) 347-5767; 400 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tsukasa Arita, Moriyasu Chikazawa, Tomohiro Deguchi, Michelle 
Jamrisko, Takehito Kajita, Kazuhiro Kimura, Yuji Nakaya, Michi Nishina, 
John Robert Odle, Akira Samukawa, Ichiro Sugimoto, Hiroki Sugita, Fumitaka 
Susami, Toru Takei, Hajime Tobe, Kimiko Yano, Tatsuro Yasunaga.

KYUNGHYANG SHINMUN--(703) 272-3884; 4101 Cathedral Avenue, NW., Suite 811, 
Washington, DC 20016: Jin Ho Kim.

LA JORNADA--(202) 547-5852; 2708 4th Street, NE., Washington, DC 20003: 
David Brooks.

LA NACION--(202) 628-7907; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Silvia Picani.

LA OPINION--(410) 710-8415; 110 West 39th Street, NW., Apartment 616, 
Baltimore, MD 21210: Antonieta Cadiz.

LA PRENSA GRAFICA OF EL SALVADOR--(202) 758-2632; 300 Hamilton Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20011: Julio Ernesto Marenco.

LA RAZON--(703) 379-0095; 4922 South Chesterfield Road, Arlington, VA 
22206: Armando Morales.

LA SALLE NEWS TRIBUNE--(703) 509-7890; 209 Pennsylvania Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20003: Kristie Miller.

LA VANGUARDIA--(301) 229-1695; 6812 Algonquin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Eusebio Val Mitjavila.

LAS VEGAS SUN--(202) 662-7436; 1290 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Lisa Mascaro.

LE MAURICIEN--(301) 728-7442; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

LE MONDE--(202) 248-9075; 3841 Harrison Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Corine Lesnes.

LIBERTY TIMES--(202) 879-6765; 1294 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Nadia Y.F. Tsao.

LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5197; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20005: Rachel Ray, Alexander Spillius.

LONDON GUARDIAN--(202) 223-2486; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, NW., #502, 
Washington, DC 20036: Richard Adams, Suzanne Goldenberg, Ewen Macaskill, 
Chris McGreal, Daniel Nasaw, Michael Tomasky.

LONDON INDEPENDENT--(202) 288-7109; 2963 Albemarle Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20008: Leonard Doyle.

LONDON TIMES--(202) 347-7659; 446 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Thomas Baldwin, Timothy Reid, Matthew Spence.

L'ORIENT-LE JOUR--(202) 342-1213; 1045 31st Street, #404, Washington, DC 
20007: Wafik Ramadan.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 484-8255; 963 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Lawrence Hurley.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 942-9700; 601 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Suite 900, Washington, DC 20004: Robert Iafolla.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(202) 824-8300; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Marina Alvarez, Julian Barnes, Richard Cooper, Thomas 
Hamburger, Janet Hook, Noam Levey, Doyle McManus, Joshua Meyer, Greg 
Miller, Johanna Neuman, Peter Nicholas, Robert Ourlian, Timothy Phelps, 
James Puzzanghera, Maura Reynolds, Paul Richter, James Robinson, David 
Savage, Richard Simon, Peter Wallsten, Aaron Zitner.

LOS ANGELES TIMES-WASHINGTON POST NEWS SERVICE--(202) 334-6175; 1150 15th 
Street, NW., Washington, DC 20071: Charles Leeds.

[[Page 980]]

LOUISVILLE COURIER JOURNAL--(202) 906-8141; 1100 New York Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20005: James Carroll.

LRP PUBLICATIONS--(561) 622-6520; 360 Hiatt Drive, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 
33418: Michael Brodie, Julie Davidson, David Kittross, Wangui Njuguna, Kim 
Riley, Mark Sherman, Sarah Sparks, Jeanne Sweeney, Melissa Turley, Erin Uy, 
Frank Wolfe.

MAEIL BUSINESS NEWSPAPER--(202) 637-0567; 909 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kyongho Yoon.

MAGYAR SZO--(202) 904-4433; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 326, 
Washington, DC 20036: Tibor Purger.

MAINICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Kenichi Komatsu, Kazuhiko Kusano, Amy McKeever, Tomoko Ohji, 
Masaya Oikawa, Nobuhiro Saito.

MARKET NEWS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Steven Beckner, Denny Gulino, Kevin Kastner, Ian 
McKendry, Yali N'Diaye, Brai 
Odion-Esence, Joseph Plocek, Heather Scott, John Shaw.

MARKETWATCH--(202) 824-0566; 1240 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jeffrey Bartash, Ruth Mantell, Michael Maynard, Margaret McNeil, Rex 
Nutting, Ronald Orol, Gregory Robb, Robert Schroeder.

McCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS--700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, DC 
20005: Halimah Abdullah (202) 383-6055, Christopher Adams (202) 383-6071, 
Beryl Adcock (202) 383-6056, Andre Anderson (202) 383-6071, James Asher 
(202) 383-6053, Barbara Barrett (202) 383-0012, Les Blumenthal 
(202) 365-0008, Michael Bold (202) 383-0017, Erika Bolstad (202) 383-3765, 
Robert Boyd 
(202) 383-6007, William Douglas (202) 383-6026, Michael Doyle (202) 383-
0006, Jim Goldschmidt 
(202) 383-6086, Greg Gordon (202) 383-0010, Frank Greve (202) 383-6003, Roy 
Gutman (202) 383-6030, Kevin Hall (202) 383-6038, Rob Hotakainen (202) 383-
0009, Jonathan Landay (202) 383-6012, David Lightman (202) 383-6101, 
Anthony Pugh (202) 383-6013, Robert Rankin (202) 383-6017, James Rosen 
(202) 383-0014, Renee Schoof (202) 383-6004, Mark Seibel 
(202) 383-6027, Warren Strobel (202) 383-6033, Margaret Talev (805) 218-
1073, Curtis Tate (202) 363-3018, Marisa Taylor (202) 383-6164, Steven 
Thomma (202) 383-6042, Jim Van Nostrand (202) 383-6006, John Walcott (202) 
383-6002, Letitia Wells (202) 383-6032, Nancy Youssef 
(202) 662-6000, Lisa Zagaroli (202) 662-4380.

MEDICAL DEVICE DAILY--(202) 719-7814; 4301 Connecticut Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20008: Mark McCarty.

MEDPAGETODAY.COM--(734) 754-6977; 2101 16th Street, NW., Apartment 816, 
Washington, DC 20009: Emily Walker.

MERCER MEDIA--(703) 684-1724; 409 South Pitt Street, Alexandria, VA 22314: 
Marsha Mercer.

MERGER MARKET OF FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 434-1070; 1012 K Street, NW., Suite 
915, Washington, DC 20005: Reuben Miller, Charles Rice.

MIAMI HERALD--(202) 383-6054; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Lesley Clark.

MILITARY UPDATE--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Thomas Philpott.

MILITARY.COM--(202) 299-0704; 2355 Ashmead Place, NW., Washington, DC 
20009: Colin Clark.

MILITARY.COM--611 Pennsylvania Avenue, SE., Suite 405, Washington, DC 
20003: Bryant Jordan (540) 785-9176, Christian Lowe (202) 544-2495.

MILLIYET--(202) 248-3215; 3700 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., Apartment 533, 
Washington, DC 20016: Ahu Ozyurt.

MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Craig Gilbert, Diana Marrero.

MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 408-2753; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: Kevin Diaz.

MOBILE REGISTER--(202) 316-4596; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Sean Reilly.

MUNWHA ILBO--(202) 662-7342; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hyung Du Choi, Young Sik Chun.

MYERS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 479-1130; 8213 Taunton Place, Springfield, VA 
22152: Michael Myers.

NATIONAL POST--(202) 662-7576; 17811 Shotley Bridge Place, Olney, MD 20832: 
Allen Abel.

NETHERLANDS PRESS ASSOCIATION--(703) 272-7499; 520 Woodland Court, NW., 
Vienna, VA 22180: Frank Hendrickx.

NEUE ZUERCHER ZEITUNG--(202) 237-5602; 3808 Woodley Road, NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Beat Ammann.

NEW ORLEANS TIMES-PICAYUNE--(202) 383-7861; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20001: Bruce Alpert, Jonathan Tilove.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6670; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, NW., 
Second Floor, Washington, DC 20007: Kenneth Bazinet, Thomas DeFrank, 
William Goldschlag, Michael McAuliff, James Meek, Richard Sisk.

[[Page 981]]

NEW YORK POST--(202) 393-1787; 1114 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Geoff Earle, Charles Hurt, Daphne Retter.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 I Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20006: Edmund Andrews, Peter Baker, Dean Baquet, Bernard Becker, John 
Broder, David Brooks, Elisabeth Bumiller, Jeff Burgess, Jackie Calmes, Adam 
Clymer, Helene Cooper, Rebecca Corbett, John Cushman, Jr., James Dao, Jason 
Deparle, Maureen Dowd, Paula Dwyer, Adrianne Goodman, Elizabeth Goodridge, 
Janis Harland, Gardiner Harris, Raymond Hernandez, David Herszenhorn, 
Farhana Hossain, Carl Hulse, Douglas Jehl, David Johnston, David 
Kirkpatrick, Stephen Labaton, Mark Landler, Mark Leibovich, David 
Leonhardt, Neil Lewis, Eric Lichtblau, Adam Liptak, Eric Lipton, Sarah Jane 
Lorber, Mark Mazzetti, Clifford Meadows, Adam Nagourney, Ron Nixon, 
Elizabeth Olson, Ashley Parker, Robert Pear, Kathleen Phillips, James 
Risen, Jim Rutenberg, David Sanger, Charlie Savage, Eric Schmitt, Scott 
Shane, Thomas Shanker, Ronald Skarzenski, Ashley Southall, Richard 
Stevenson, Sheryl Stolberg, David Stout, Rachel Swarns, Matthew Wald, 
Judith Warner, Leslie Wayne, Jeff Zeleny.

NEWARK STAR-LEDGER--(202) 255-6719; 2529 West Meredith Drive, Vienna, VA 
22181: J. Scott Orr.

NEWS AND MESSENGER--(703) 369-5738; 14010 Smoketown Road, Woodbridge, VA 
22192: Jonathan Hunley.

NEWSDAY--(202) 408-2715; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Thomas Brune.

NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE--(301) 320-5559; 6008 Osceola Road, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Robert Wagman.

NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 815 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 310, Washington, DC 
20006: Tomoko Ashizuka, Christina Bilski, Sachiko Deshimaru, Masako 
Iwamoto, Stephen Keefe, Hiroshi Marutani, Ryu Ohsumi, Itaru Oishi, Yusuke 
Yoneyama.

NOTIMEX MEXICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5227; 975 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ruben Barrera, Jose Lopez, Santiago Tavara.

OIL DAILY--(202) 662-0723; 1411 K Street, NW., #608, Washington, DC 20005: 
William Murray.

OKLAHOMAN--(202) 662-7543; 914 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Chris Casteel.

OMAHA WORLD-HERALD--(202) 997-9787; 1009 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Joseph Morton.

OREGONIAN--(202) 731-5152; P.O. Box 6285, Washington, DC 20013: Charles 
Pope.

ORLANDO SENTINEL--(202) 824-8222; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20004: Mark Mathews.

PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(856) 912-9922; 1301 North Courthouse Road, #601, 
Arlington, VA 22201: David Boyer.

PIONEER--(INDIA)--(703) 876-6149; 2731 Pleasantdale Road, #203, Vienna, VA 
22180: Sethuraman Rajagopalan.

PLATTS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-2250; 1200 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Daniel Goldstein, Gerald Karey.

POLITICAL MONEY LINE--(202) 237-2500; P.O. Box 6285, Washington, DC 20015: 
Kent Cooper, Anthony Raymond.

PROVIDENCE JOURNAL--(202) 661-8423; 1325 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: John Mulligan.

REAL CLEAR POLITICS--(202) 725-7343; 320 D Street, NE., #3, Washington, DC 
20008: Michael Memoli, Kyle Trygstad.

REFORMA NEWSPAPER--(202) 341-3255; 1009 New Hampshire Avenue, Suite 7, 
Washington, DC 20037: Jose Diaz-Briseno.

RELIGION NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7863; 1930 18th Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20009: Adelle Banks, Daniel Burke, Kevin Eckstrom.

RESTRUCTURING TODAY--(202) 351-6880; 4418 MacArthur Boulevard, Suite 202, 
Washington, DC 20007: James Downing, J. J. McCoy, Samuel Spencer, Michael 
Zwelling.

REUTERS--(202) 898-8300; 1333 H Street, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20005: 
Sandra Abrams, Charles Alexander, JoAnne Allen, Victoria Allen, Diane 
Bartz, Melissa Bland, Russell Blinch, Anthony Boadle, Caren Bohan, Alister 
Bull, Deborah Charles, Cindy Clearwater, Ross Colvin, Susan Cornwell, 
Richard Cowan, John Crawley, Sarah Cunningham, Bernd Debusmann, Harold 
Desmond, Kim Dixon, Timothy Dobbyn, Christopher Doering, Tom Doggett, Kevin 
Drawbaugh, Will Dunham, Paul Eckert, Samer Farah, Mark Felsenthal, Thomas 
Ferraro, Margaret Fox, Rodrek Golden, Howard Scot Goller, Andrew Gray, 
Susan Heavey, Steve Holland, Emily Kaiser, Frances Kerry, Lisa Lambert, 
David Lawder, Sandra Maler, Jeff Mason, Jasmin Melvin, Randall Mikkelsen, 
Arshad Mohammed, David Morgan, Lucia Mutikani, Essex Noel, Doug Palmer, 
Jeremy Pelofsky, Sue Pleming, John Poirier, Andrew Quinn, Roberta Rampton, 
Ayesha Rascoe, Andrea Ricci, Lisa Richwine, Patrick Rucker, Timothy Ryan, 
Andrea Shalal-Esa, Donna Smith, Glenn Somerville, Neil Stempleman, David 
Storey, Andy Sullivan, James Vicini, Julie Vorman, Nancy Waitz, Michael 
Weekes Jr., John Whitesides, Patricia Wilson, Jim Wolf, Karey Wutkowski, 
Rachelle Younglai, Deborah Zabarenko, Tabassum Zakaria.

RHEINISCHE POST--(202) 966-2303; 5810 Chevy Chase Parkway, NW., Washington, 
DC 20015: Frank Herrmann.

RIA NOVOSTI--(202) 386-1687; 1706 18th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20008: 
Svetlana Babaeva.

[[Page 982]]

RIVERSIDE PRESS-ENTERPRISE--(202) 661-8422; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 
Washington, DC 20005: Ben Goad.

SALT LAKE TRIBUNE--(202) 662-8732; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Thomas Burr, Matt Canham, Robert Gehrke.

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS--(202) 263-6451; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Gary Martin.

SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6573; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Zachary Coile, Carolyn Lockhead.

SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS--(202) 662-8921; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Frank Davies.

SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2842; 330 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Takashi Arimoto, Yoshihisa Komori (202) 347-2603, Bruce Scott 
Stewart, Hiroo Watanabe, Hideya Yamamoto.

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 944-3890; 601 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Yasmeen Alamiri, Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa Bashir, 
Dean Dessouky, Liam Hurley, Azeddine Labriny, Lauren Riley, Nezar Sheikh.

SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(703) 255-1171; 9770 Oleander Avenue, Vienna, 
VA 22181: Li Mao.

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 408-1484; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: Curtis Lee Bowman, Patricia Choate, Michael 
Collins, Peter Copeland, Robert Friedman, Laurel Hackett, Thomas Hargrove, 
Lisa Hoffman, Dale McFeatters, David Nielsen, Bartholomew Sullivan, Dan 
Thomasson, Daniel Wolf.

SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER--(202) 422-2313; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20006+666666666: Andrew Schneider.

SEGYE TIMES--(703) 627-7081; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Nam Cho, Kiyon Kuk.

SEKAI NIPPO--(202) 898-8292; 1133 19th Street, NW., 8th Floor, Washington, 
DC 20036: Toshiyuki Hayakawa.

SEOUL SHINMUN--(202) 393-4061; 905 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Kyun Mi Kim (202) 393-4061, Do Woon Lee.

SHANGHAI WENHUI DAILY--(703) 521-2371; 1600 South Eads Street, Suite 1134N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Xingfu Zhu.

SINGAPORE STRAITS TIMES--(202) 662-8728; 916 National Press Building, NW., 
Washington, DC 20045: Bhagyashree Buddhavarapu, Chua Chin Hon.

SOUTH FLORIDA SUN-SENTINEL--(202) 824-8256; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: William Gibson.

ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH--(202) 298-6880; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
1102, Washington, DC 20036: Aloysia Hamalainen, William Lambrecht.

ST. PETERSBURG TIMES--(202) 463-0577; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, #1300, 
Washington, DC 20036: William Adair, Wes Allison, Alex Leary.

STEPHENS MEDIA GROUP--(202) 783-1760; 1100 G Street, NW., Suite 535, 
Washington, DC 20001: Stephan Tetreault.

SUEDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(301) 229-3736; 7017 Hopewood Street, Bethesda, MD 
20817: Reymer Kluever.

SVENSKA DAGBLADET--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 
Washington, DC 20008: Karin Henriksson.

SYDNEY MORNING HERALD--(202) 737-6360; 1310 G Street, #750, Washington, DC 
20005: Anne Davies.

SYRACUSE POST-STANDARD--(202) 383-7818; 3900 Fairfax Drive, Suite 1321, 
Arlington, VA 22203: Mark Weiner.

TAGES ANZEIGER--(202) 332-8575; 2026 16th Street, NW., #5, Washington, DC 
20009: Martin Kilian.

TECH LAW JOURNAL--(202) 364-8882; 3034 Newark Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20008: David Carney.

TIMES OF INDIA--(301) 495-9548; 7505 Akfred Drive, Silver Spring, MD 20910: 
Chidanand Rajghatta.

TOKYO CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1012 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Masakazu Furukawa, Nakahiro Iwata, Stephen Sacks, 
Akihiro Shimada, William Sturgeon, Eri Urano.

TORONTO GLOBE AND MAIL--(202) 662-7167; 2000 M Street, Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 20036: Paul Koring.

TORONTO STAR--(202) 662-7390; 982 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Mitchell Potter.

TRIBUNE COMPANY--(202) 824-8340; 1025 F Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20004: Kerry Luft.

TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES--(202) 298-8359; 3042 Q Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Jules Witcover.

TRIPSO.COM--(617) 569-1966; 7062 Solomon Seal Court, Springfield, VA 22152: 
Charles Leocha.

TULSA WORLD--(202) 484-1424; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

[[Page 983]]

TURKIYE DAILY--(202) 253-3289; 6 Marketree Court, Montgomery Village, MD 
20886: Hasan Hazar.

TVNEWSDAY.COM--(301) 773-0058; 2425: Valley Way, Cheverly, MD 20785: Mark 
Miller.

UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 737-6426; 835 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: 
Tsung-Chih Chang.

UNITED MEDIA--(301) 494-0430; 3330 Blue Heron Drive North, Chesapeake 
Beach, MD 20732: Lew Sichelman.

USA TODAY--(202) 906-8100; 1100 New York Avenue, Suite 200E, Washington, DC 
20037: Mel Antonen, Emily Bazar, Marisol Bello, Joan Biskupic, Erik Brady, 
Louise Branson, Catalina Camia, Dan Carney, Paul Davidson, William Dermody, 
Ken Dilanian, Oren Dorell, Peter Eisler, Haya El Nasser, Melanie Eversley, 
Mindy Fetterman, Gwen Flanders, Thomas Frank, John Fritze, Brian Gallagher, 
Andrew Gardiner, Jack Gillum, Raymond Goldbacher, Alan Gomez, Barbara 
Hagenbaugh, George Hager, Mimi Hall, James Healy, Brad Heath, Linda Holzer, 
Monica Hortobagyi, Lee Horwich, Rosalind Jackler, David Jackson, Kevin 
Johnson, Matthew Kelley, Dennis Kelly, Kathy Kiely, Eugene Kiely, Suzanne 
Kirchhoff, Wendy Koch, Jill Lawrence, Donna Leinwand, Alan Levin, Janice 
Lloyd, Ray Locker, David Lynch, Mary Beth Marklein, Stephen Marshall, Mark 
Memmott, Jim Michaels, Patty Michalski, Paul Overberg, Susan Page, Richard 
Patrick, Anthony J. Perez, Claude Pruitt, Maria Puente, Carlos Roig, 
Fredreka Schouten, Rachel Smolkin, Michael Snider, William Sternberg, Steve 
Sternberg, Andrea Stone, Gregory Toppo, Saundra Torry, Tom Vanden Brook, 
Dan Vergano, Traci Watson, James Welch, Richard Wolf, Gregg Zoroya.

VIRGINIAN-PILOT--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

VOTES IN CONGRESS SERVICE--(202) 667-9760; 1822 Corcoran Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20009: Michael Lesparre, Richard Thomas.

WALL STREET, JOURNAL--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 
800, Washington, DC 20036: Janet Adamy, Timothy Alberta, Naftali Bendavid, 
Jess Bravin, John Bussey, Kathy Chen, Cassie Chew, August Cole, Christopher 
Conkey, Robert Davis, Susan Davis, David Allen Dolinger, Yochi Dreazen, 
Timothy Farnam, Gary Fields, Siobhan Gorman, Jon Hilsenrath, Greg Hitt, 
Angel Jennings, Neil King, Jr., Peter Landers, Monica Langley, Robert Guy 
Matthews, John McKinnon, Laura Meckler, Brody Mullins, Alicia Mundy, Ryan 
Niles, Damian Paletta, Evan Perez, Michael Phillips, Stephen Power, Louise 
Radnofsky, Sudeep Reddy, Matthew Rose, Kara Scannell, Amy Schatz, Jacob 
Schlesinger, Gerald Seib, Cameron Simpson, Deborah Solomon, Jonathan 
Solomon, Peter Spiegel, Melanie Trottman, Jonathan Weisman, David Wessel, 
Joseph White, Elizabeth Williamson, Jane Zhang.

WASHINGTON EXAMINER--(202) 903-2000; 1015 15th Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Timothy Carney, Jeff Dufour, Susan Ferrechio, Scott 
McCabe, Kiki Ryan, Kytja Weir, Byron York.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-6000; 1150 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20071: Joel Achenbach, Mary Ann Akers, Binyamin Appelbaum, Amy Argetsinger, 
Perry Bacon, Jr., Daniel Balz, Robert Barnes, Jill Bartscht, Michael 
Birnbaum, Marcus Brauchli, David Broder, DeNeen Brown, David Brown, Michael 
Chandler, Rajiv Chandrasekaran, David Cho, Chris Cillizza, Sarah Cohen, 
Catherine Connolly, Libby Copeland, Tim Craig, Alice Crites, Timothy 
Curran, J. Christian Davenport, Joe Davidson, Aaron Davis, Brady Dennis, 
Paul Duggan, Petula Dvorak, Daniel Eggen, Juliet Eilperin, Dina Elboghdady, 
David Fahrenthold, David Fallis, Paul Farhi, Darryl Fears, Peter Finn, Marc 
Fisher, Mary Pat Flaherty, Michael Fletcher, Sholnn Freeman, Amy Gardner, 
Gilbert Gaul, Ann Gerhart, Maria Glod, Zachary Goldfarb, Amy Goldstein, 
Annie Gowen, James Grimaldi, Hamil Harris, Kim Hart, Wil Haygood, Dana 
Hedgpeth, Monica Hesse, Spencer Hsu, Anne Hull, Walton Neil Irwin, Thomas 
Jackman, Chris Jenkins, Carrie Johnson, Robert Kaiser, Al Kamen, Paul Kane, 
Cecilia Kang, Dan Keating, Glenn Kessler, Anne Kornblut, Emily Kotecki, 
Fredrick Kunkle, Howard Kurtz, Theola Labbe, Charles Lane, Michael Laris, 
Lyndsey Layton, Michael Leahy, Madonna Lebling, Richard Leiby, Sarah 
Lovenheim, Alec MacGillis, Kristen Mack, Ruth Marcus, Anne Marimow, Jerome 
Markon, Kevin Merida, Renae Merle, Dana Milbank, William Miller, Nick 
Miroff, David Montgomery, Lori Montgomery, Carol Morello, Dan Morse, Steven 
Mufson, Jonathan Mummolo, David Nakamura, Ellen Nakashima, Marissa Newhall, 
Edward O'Keefe, Amit Paley, Steven Pearlstein, Ben Pershing, Eric Pianin, 
Walter Pincus, Dana Priest, Lisa Rein, Roxanne Roberts, Eugene Robinson, 
Manuel 
Roig-Franzia, Lois Romano, Michael Ruane, Philip Rucker, Eli Saslow, Brigid 
Schulte, Lucy Shackelford, Ian Shapira, Michael Shear, Mary Beth Sheridan, 
Jeffrey Smith, Sandhya Somashekhar, Donna St. George, Robert Stein, Joe 
Stephens, Nikita Stewart, Hank Stuever, Lena Sun, Cheryl Thompson, Marilyn 
Thompson, Robert Thompson, Krissah Thompson, Tom Toles, Nancy Trejos, 
Jacqueline Trescott, Boyd Neely Tucker, Bill Turque, Ann Scott Tyson, Jose 
Antonio Vargas, Theresa Vargas, Stephen Vogel, Paul Volpe, John Wagner, 
Joby Warrick, Eric Weiss, Josh White, Peter Whoriskey, Scott Wilson, Bob 
Woodward, Eric Yoder, Dan Zak.

WASHINGTON POST WRITER'S GROUP--(202) 334-7375; 1150 15th Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20071: Marie Cocco, Kathleen Parker.

WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES--(804) 776-7947; 1006 Harrison 
Circle, Alexandria, VA 22304: Gordon White.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Sarah Abruzzese, Theodore Agres, Christina Bellantoni, Jeffrey 
Birnbaum, Christian Bourge, Amanda Carpenter,

[[Page 984]]

Sara Carter, Ben Conery, Joseph Curl, Amanda DeBard, Brett Decker, David 
Dickson, Stephen Dinan, Christopher Dolan, Julia Duin, Gary Emerling, 
Edward Felker, Ann Geracimos, Jennifer Haberkorn, Ralph Hallow, Jennifer 
Harper, Patricia Hill, Quin Hillyer, Audrey Hudson, David Jones, Eli Lake, 
Donald Lambro, Sean Lengell, Tom Lobianco, John Lott, Windsor Mann, John 
McCaslin, James McElhatton, Jr., Steven Miller, Richard Miniter, Chuck 
Neubauer, Kerry Picket, James Robbins, Kara Rowland, David Sands, Jerry 
Seper, Deborah Simmons, John Solomon, Jon Ward, Timothy Warren, Cheryl 
Wetzstein.

WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES--(202) 662-7085; 930 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Marc Heller.

WESTDEUTSCHE ALLGEMEINE--(202) 363-7791; 4611 47th Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Markus Guenther.

WESTERN COMMUNICATIONS--(202) 662-7456; 920 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Keith Chu.

WILLIAM SCALLY REPORTS--(202) 362-2382; 2918 Legation Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20015: William Scally.

WORLD BUSINESS PRESS--(646) 784-9776; 4706 Commons Drive, A-303, Annandale, 
VA 22003: Dagmar Benesova, Zoltan Mikes.

WORLD JOURNAL--(202) 215-1718; 835 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Betty Lin.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(202) 661-8181; 1201 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Wang Faen, Liu Hong, Fang Hu, Guopeng Jiang, Lina 
Liu, Yu Qianliang, Haijun Ren, Jing Wei, Wang Wei, Ge Xiangwen, Feng Yan, 
Quinchuan Yang, Yi Zhao.

YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-0363; 802 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Charles Harris, Keiichi Homma, Yoshinari Kurose, Julia Marsh, 
Takeo Miyazaki, Satoshi Ogawa, Akihiro Okada, Michiro Okamuto, Mary 
Perkins, Benjamin Piven, Andrew Siddons, Mineko Tokito, Toshihiko Yada, 
Tetsuro Yamada.

YONHAP NEWS AGENCY--(202) 783-5539; 1299 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Jae Hoon Hwang, Hwang Doo Hyong, Jae Hong Kim, Seung 
Il Koh, Jungbin Park, Sang Hyun Park.


