

Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009. - 


Congressional Directory for the 111th Congress (2009-2010), December 2009.
[Pages 985-991]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

                     www.senate.gov/galleries/photo

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
    Assistant Director.--Tricia Munro.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Scott Applewhite, Associated 
                                                Press, Chair
                                            Dennis Brack, Black Star, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Jim Bourg, Reuters
                                            Khue Bui, Newsweek
                                            Stephen Crowley, New York 
                                                Times
                                            Win McNamee, Getty Images
                                 ________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (c) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads of Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.

[[Page 986]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 987]]



                                     

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Ake, David: Associated Press Photos

Alvarez, Miguel: La Prensa Grafica of El Salvador

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arrossi, Eddie: Freelance

Ashley, Douglas: Suburban Communications Corp.

Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

Auth, Bill: Freelance

Barouh, Stan: 1105 Media

Barrett, Steve: Freelance

Barrick, Matthew: Freelance

Beale, John: Pittsburgh Post Gazette

Beiser, H. Darr: USA / Today

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Biddle, Susan: Washington Post

Bingham, Mary ``Molly'': Freelance

Binks, Porter: Sports Illustrated

Bivera, Johnny: Freelance

Blass, Eileen: USA / Today

Bloom, Richard: Freelance

Bochatey, Terry: Reuters News Pictures

Boitano, Stephen: Freelance

Bourg, Jim: Reuters News Pictures

Bowe, Christy: Image Catcher News

Brack, William: Black Star

Brack, Abby: Freelance

Bridges, George: McClatchy Tribune

Brier, Joe: Freelance

Brown, Robert: Richmond Times Dispatch

Brown, Thomas: Army Times

Bruce, Andrea: Washington Post

Bui, Khue: Newsweek

Burke, Lauren: Freelance

Calvert, Mary: Washington Times

Cameron, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Carioti, Richard: Washington Post

Cavanaugh, Matthew: European Pressphoto Agency

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Ceneta, Manuel: Associated Press Photos

Chikwendiu, Jahi: Washington Post

Clark, Bill: Roll Call

Clark, Kevin: Washington Post

Clement, Richard: Freelance

Cohen, Marshall: Bigmarsh News Photos

Connor, Kristopher: Freelance

Connor, Michael: Washington Times

Conrad, Fred: The New York Times

Coppage, Gary: Photo Press International

Council, Andrew: Freelance

Crowley, Stephen: The New York Times

Curtis, Rob: Army Times

Cutraro, Andrew: Freelance

Davidson, Linda: Washington Post

Devorah, Carrie: Freelance

Dharapak, Charles: Associated Press Photos

Dietsch, Kevin: United Press International

DiPasquale, Jill: Army Times

Dougherty, Sean: USA / Today

Douliery, Olivier: Abaca USA

Downing, Lawrence: Reuters News Pictures

Drenner, Dennis: Freelance

Du Cille, Michel: Washington Post

Eddins, Jr. Joseph: Washington Times

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Eile, Evan: USA / Today

Elswick, Jon: Associated Press Photos

Ernst, Jonathan: Freelance

Esquivel, Robert: Herald Standard

Etheridge, Susan: The New York Times

Fabiano, Gary: Sipa Press

Falk, Steven: The Philadelphia Daily News

Falkenberg, Katie: Washington Times

Ferrell, Scott: CQ Weekly

Fitz-Patrick, Bill: Abaca USA

Franco, Angel: The New York Times

Frako, Jeff: Gannett

Freilich, Jon: Freelance

Fremson, Ruth: The New York Times

Frey, Katherine: Washington Post

Gail, Carl: Washington Post

Gainer, Denny: USA / Today

Gamarra, Ruben: Notimex

Gandhi, Pareshkumar: Rediff.com / India Abroad Pub.

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

Gatty, Michael: Periodical News Service

Geissinger, Michael: Freelance

Ghanbari, Haraz: Associated Press Photos

Gilbert, Patrice: Freelance

Glenn, Alexis: United Press International

Glenn, Larry: Freelance

Golden, Melissa: Freelance

Graham, Douglas: Roll Call

Gripas, Yuri: Freelance

Gruber, Jack: USA / Today

Guerrucci, Aude: Polaris Images

Hambach, Eva: Agence France-Presse

Hamburg, Harry: Freelance

Haring, Paul: Catholic News Service

Harrington, John: Black Star

Heisler, Todd: The New York Times

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

[[Page 988]]

Henry, Dennis: European Pressphoto Agency

Herbert, Gerald: Associated Press Photos

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Hoffman, Brendan: Freelance

Holloway, David: Freelance

Holt, Victor: Washington Informer

Hubbard, Garrett: USA / Today

Hutchens, Jeff: Freelance

Joseph, Marvin: Washington Post

Kahn, Nikki: Washington Post

Kamm, Nicholas: Agence France-Presse

Kang, Hyungwon: Reuters News Pictures

Katz, Martin: Fairfax County Times

Kelly, Ryan: CQ Weekly

Kemper, Gary: European Pressphoto Agency

Keres, Preston: Washington Post

Kidd, David: Governing

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleponis, Chris: Freelance

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Kraft, Brooks: Time Magazine

Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters News Pictures

Lamkey, Jr., Rod: Washington Times

LaVor, Martin: Freelance

Lawidjaja, Rudy: Freelance

Lee, David: Freelance

Lessig, Alan: Army Times

Lipski, Richard: Washington Post

Loeb, Saul: Agence France-Presse

LoScalzo, Jim: Freelance

Ludidon, Amanda: Freelance

Lukasova, Veronika: Freelance

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey: Freelance

Maddaloni, Chris: Army Times

Magana, Jose: Freelance

Mahaskey, M. Scott: Army Times

Mallin, Jay: Freelance

Malonson, Jacqueline: Freelance

Mara, Melina: Washington Post

Markel, Brad: Capri

Marks, Donovan: Freelance

Martin, Jacquelyn: Associated Press Photos

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Martinez Monsivais, Pablo: Associated Press Photos

Mataquin, Oscar: Freelance

Mathieson Greg: MAI Photo Agency

McCrehin, Jud: USA / Today

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McNamee, Win: Getty Images

Miller, Elisa: New York Daily News

Mills, Douglas: The New York Times

Morigi, Paul: Freelance

Morris, Christopher: Time Magazine

Mount, Bonnie: Washington Post

Muhammad, Ozier: The New York Times

Naji-Allah, Khalid: Freelance

Newton, Jonathan: Washington Post

Ngan, Mandel: Agence France-Presse

Nipp, Lisa: Freelance

O'Leary, William: Washington Post

Ommanney, Charles: Newsweek

Otfinowski, Danuta: Freelance

Palu, Louie: Zuma Press

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

Parcell, James: Washington Post

Patterson, Kathryn: USA / Today

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Petros, Bill: Freelance

Piggott, Rhyne: USA / Today

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Christopher: Education Week

Powers, Carol: Freelance

Premack Jay: Freelance

Purcell, Steve: Freelance

Raab, Susana: Freelance

Radzinschi, Diego: Legal Times

Raedle, Joe: Getty Images

Raimondo, Lois: Washington Post

Rasmussen, Andy: Oregonian

Reed, Jason: Reuters News Pictures

Reinhard, Rick: Impact Digitals

Reynolds, Michael: European Pressphoto Agency

Ricardel, Vincent: Freelance

Richards, Paul: Agence France-Presse

Riecken, Astrid: Washington Times

Riley, Molly: Reuters News Pictures

Roberts, Joshua: Freelance

Robinson, Scott: Freelance

Sachs, Ronald: Consolidated News Pictures

Salisbury, Barbara: Washington Times

Samperton, Kyle: Freelance

Sandkuhler, Lauren: National Journal

Sandys, Toni: Washington Post

Savoia, Stephon: Associated Press Photos

Schaeffer, Sandra: MAI Photo Agency

Schmallz, Julia: USA / Today

Schwartz, Michael: The Politico

Scott, Andrew: USA / Today

Semiatin, Morris: Freelance

Shell, Mary: Time Magazine

Shelley, Allison: Washington Times

Silverman, Joseph: Washington Times

Sloan, Tim: Agence France-Presse

Smialowski, Brendan: Freelance

Somodevilla, Kenneth: Getty Images

Squires, Derek: Tax Analysts

Suanes, Rafael: Freelance

Sweets, Fredric: St. Louis American

Sykes, Jack: Professional Pilot Magazine

Sypher, Mark: Freelance

Takeda, Yasushi: Shukan Shincho, Shinchosha Co.

Temchine, Michael: Freelance

Theiler, Michael: Freelance

[[Page 989]]

Thew, Shawn: European Pressphoto Agency

Thomas, Ronald: Freelance

Thomas, Ricardo: The Detroit News

Thresher, James: Washington Post

Trippett, Robert: Freelance

Van Riper, Frank: WashingtonPost.com

Varias, Stelios: Reuters News Pictures

Vemmer, Sheila: Army Times

Visser, Robert: Photopress Washington

Voisin, Sarah: Washington Post

Voss, Stephen: Freelance

Vucci, Evan: Associated Press Photos

Walker, Harry: McClatchy Tribune

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

Watkins, Jr., Frederick: Freelance

Watson, James: Agence France-Presse

Wells, Jonathan: Sipa Press

Westcott, Jay: Freelance

Whitesell, Gregory: Freelance

Williams, Tom: Roll Call

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Alex: Washington Times

Wilson, Mark: Getty Images

Winters, Damon: The New York Times

Wolf, Lloyd: Freelance

Wolf, Kevin: Freelance

Wollenberg, Roger: United Press International

Wong, Alex: Getty Images

Woodward, Tracy: Washington Post

Yim, Heesoon: Hana

Young, Jim: Reuters News Pictures

Zhang, Yan: Xinhua News Agency

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

[[Page 990]]

                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

       (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of 
                             representative)

ABACA USA--(212) 224-8460; 28-30 West 36th Street, Suite 1004, New York, NY 
10018: Douliery, Olivier; Fitz-Patrick, Bill.

AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE--(202) 414-0521; 1500 K Street, NW., Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20005: Vincent, Almavy; Karen Blier-Schmeets, Karen; Kamm, 
Nicholas; Loeb, Saul; Mgan, Mandel; Richards, Paul; Sloan, Tim; Watson, 
James.

ARMY TIMES PUBLISHING--(703) 750-8699; 6883 Commercial Drive, Springfield, 
VA 22159: Brown, Thomas; Curtis, Rob; DiPasquale, Jill; Lessig, Alan; 
Maddaloni, Chris; Mahaskey, M. Scott; Vemmer, Shelia.

ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS--(202) 641-9510; 1100 K Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20005: Ake, David; Associated Press Photos (main contact); 
Applewhite, Scott J.; Ceneta, Manuel B.; Castoto, Susan; Dharapak, Charles; 
Deitz, James; Edmonds, Ronald; Elswick, Jon; Ghanbari, Haraz; Helber, 
Stephen; Herbert, Gerald; Lizik, Ron; Mark, Leighton; Martin, Jacquelyn; 
Martinez Monsivais, Pablo; Partlow, Wayne; Savoia, Stephen; Walsh, Susan; 
Vucci, Evan.

BIGMARSH NEWS PHOTOS--(202) 364-8332; 5131 52nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Cohen, Marshall.

BLACK STAR--(703) 547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Road, Alexandria, VA 22308: 
Brack, William; Harrington, John.

CAPRI--(717) 757-2962; 485 Sundale Drive York, PA 17402: Markel, Brad.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3250; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., Washington, 
DC 20017: Haring, Paul.

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--(202) 543-3203; 10305 Leslie Street, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902-4857: Sachs, Ronald.

CQ WEEKLY--(202) 822-1431; 1414 22nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 20037: 
Ferrell, Scott; Kelly, Ryan.

EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-3100; 6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100, Bethesda, 
MD 20814: Powers, Christopher.

EUROPEAN PRESS PHOTO--(202) 347-4694; 1252 National Press Building, 529 
14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20045: Cavanaugh, Matthew; Henry, Dennis; 
Kemper, Gary; Reynolds, Michael; Thew, Shawn.

FAIRFAX COUNTY TIMES--1760 Reston Parkway, Suite 411, Reston, VA 20190: 
Katz, Martin.

FRONTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--(301) 229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 20812: 
Lynch, M. Patricia.

GANNETT--(703) 854-5800; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22107: Franco, 
Jeff.

GOVERNING--1100 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20036: Kidd, David.

GETTY IMAGES--(646) 613-3703; National Press Building, 529 14th Street, 
NW., Washington, DC 20045: McNamee, Win; Somodevilla, Kenneth; Wilson, 
Mark; Wong, Alex.

GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--(516) 931-2333; 107 Frederick Avenue, Babylon, 
NY 11702: Panagos, Dimitrios.

HANA--(202) 262-4541; 11311 Park Drive, Fairfax, VA 22030: Yim, Heesoon.

HERALD STANDARD--(724) 439-7500; 8118 East Church Street, Uniontown, PA 
15401: Esquivel, Robert.

IMAGECATCHER NEWS--4911 Hampden Lane, Apt #3, Bethesda, MD 20814: Bowe, 
Christy.

IMPACT DIGITALS--(212) 614 8406; 171 Thompson Street, #9, New York, NY 
10012: Reinhard, Rick.

LA PRENSA GRAFICA OF EL SALVADOR--San Salvador, El Salvador: Alvarez, 
Miguel A.

LEGAL TIMES--(202) 457-0686; 1730 M Street, NW., Suite 802, Washington, DC 
20036: Radzinschi, Diego.

MAI PHOTO AGENCY--(703) 968-0030; 6601 Ashmere Lane, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Mathieson, Greg; Schaeffer, Sandra.

McCLATCHY TRIBUNE--(202) 383-6142; 700 12th Street, Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Bridges, George; Walker, Harry E.

NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, Washington, DC 
20037: Sandkuhler, Lauren.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 739-8400; 450 West 33rd Street, New York, NY 
10001: Miller, Elisa.

NEWSWEEK--(202) 626-2085; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Suite 1220, 
Washington, DC 20006: Bui, Khue; Ommanney, Charles.

[[Page 991]]

NOTIMEX--(202) 347-5227; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 975, Washington, DC 
20045: Gamarra, Ruben F.

OREGONIAN--(503) 221-8370; 1320 Southwest Broadway Portland, OR 97201: 
Rasmussen, Randy L.

PERIODICAL NEWS SERVICE--9206 Vollmerhausen Road, Jessup, MD 20794: Gatty, 
Michael; Gatty, Mary Anne.

PHOTOPRESS WASHINGTON--(202) 234-8787; 4051 34th Street, Mount Rainer, MD 
20712: Visser, Robert.

PHOTOPRESS INTERNATIONAL--(540) 286-1045; P.O. Box 190, Goldvein, VA 22720: 
Coppage, Gary.

PITTSBURG POST GAZETTE--National Press Building, 529 14th Street, 
Washington, DC 20045: Beale, John.

POLARIS IMAGES--259 West 30th Street, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10001: 
Guerrucci, Aude.

PROFESSIONAL PILOT MAGAZINE--3014 Colvin Street, Alexandria, VA 22314: 
Sykes, Jack.

REDIFF.COM / INDIA ABROAD PUB.--(646) 432-6054; 43 West 24th Street, 2nd 
Floor, New York, NY 10010: Gandhi, Pareshkumar.

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--(202) 898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Bochatey, Terry; Bourg, Jim; Cameron, Gary A.; 
Downing, Lawrence; Hershorn, Gary; Kang, Hyungwon; Lamarque, Kevin; Reed, 
Jason; Riley, Molly; Rubenstein, Larry; Varias, Stelios; Young, Jim.

RICHMOND TIMES DISPATCH--(804) 649-6496; 300 East Franklin Street, 
Richmond, VA 23219: Brown, Robert.

ROLL CALL--(202) 824-6800; 50 F Street, NW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 
20001: Clark, Bill; Graham, Douglas; Williams, Tom.

SHUKAN SHINCHO, SHINCHOSHA CO.--(703) 243-1569; 2001 North Adams Street, 
#715, Arlington, VA 22201: Takeda, Yasushi.

SIPA PRESS--(212) 463-0150; 307 7th Avenue, Suite 807, New York, NY 10010: 
Fabiano, Gary; Wells, Jonathan.

SPORTS ILLUSTRATED--(212) 522-3325; 1271 Avenue of the Americas, Room 1970, 
New York, NY 10020: Binks, Porter.

LOUIS AMERICAN--(314) 533-8000; 4242 Lindell Street, Louis, MO 63108: 
Sweets, Fredric.

TAX ANALYSTS--(703) 533-4400; 400 Maple Avenue, Suite 400, Falls Church, VA 
22046: Squires, Derek.

THE DETROIT NEWS--(312) 222-2030; 615 West Lafayette Avenue, Photo 
Department, Detroit, MI 48226: Thomas, Ricardo.

THE HILL--(202) 628-8525; 733 15th Street, Washington, DC 20005: Nash, 
Greg.

THE NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 Eye Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Conrad, Fred; Crowley, Stephen; Etheridge, Susan; Franco, Angel; 
Fremson, Ruth; Heisler, Todd; Mills, Douglas; Muhammad, Ozier; Winters, 
Damon.

THE POLITICO--(703) 647-7694: 1100 Wilson Boulevard, 6th Floor, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Schwarrtz, Michael; Shinkle, John.

THE PHILADELPHIA DAILY NEWS--400 North Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 
19130: Falk, Stephen.

WASHINGTON INFORMER--(202) 561-4100; 3117 Martin L. King Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20032: Holt, Victor.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7380; 1150 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20071: Biddle, Susan; Bruce, Andrea; Carioti, Richard; Chikwendiu, Jahi; 
Clark, Kevin; Davidson, Linda; Du Cille, Michel; Frey, Katherine; Gail, 
Carl; Hillian, Vanessa; Joseph, Marvin; Kahn, Nikki; Keres, Preston; 
Lindsey, Debra; Lipski, Richard; Maltby, Melissa; Mara, Melina; Martineau, 
Gerald; McDonnell, John; Mount, Bonnie; Nakashima, Giuliana; Newton, 
Jonathan; O'Leary, William; Parcell, James; Perkins, Lucien; Raimondo, 
Lois; Sandys, Toni; Saunders, Ray; Thresher, James; Voisin, Sarah; 
Williamson, Michael; Woodward, Tracy.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Calvert, Mary; Connor, Michael; Eddins, Jr., Joseph; Falkenberg, 
Katie; Lamkey, Jr., Rod; Reicken, Astrid; Salisbury, Barbara; Shelley, 
Allison; Silverman, Joseph; Wilson, Alex; Van Riper, Frank.

TIME MAGAZINE--(202) 861-4062; 555 12th Street, NW., Suite 600, Washington, 
DC 20004: Kraft, Brooks; Morris, Christopher; Shell, Mary; Vega, Leslie; 
Walker, Diana.

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2210; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, 
NW., Washington, DC 20007: Archambault, Charles.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8071; 1133 19th Street, NW., Suite 
800, Washington, DC 20036: Benic, Patrick; Deitsch, Kevin; Glenn, Alexis; 
Wollenberg, Roger.

USA / TODAY--(703) 854-5216; 7950 Jones Branch Road, McLean, VA 22107: 
Beiser, H. Darr; Blass, Eileen; Cochran, Mick; Daugherty, Sean; Eile, Evan; 
Gainer, Denny; Hubbard, Garrett; McCrehin, Jud; Patterson, Kathryn; 
Piggott, Rhyne; Schmallz, Julia; Scott, Andrew.

ZUMA PRESS--34189 Pacific Coast Highway, Dana Point, CA 92629: Palu, Louie.

XINHUA--(703) 875-0082; 1740 14th Street, Arlington, VA 22209: Zhang, Yan.


