

Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), September 2006. - 


Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), September 2006.
[Pages 969-995]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director.--Michael Mastrian
                                            Deputy Director.--Jane Ruyle
                                            Senior Media Coordinator.--
                                                Michael Lawrence
                                            Media Coordinator.--Sara 
                                                Robertson

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

                                            Director.--Tina Tate
                                            Deputy Director.--Olga 
                                                Ramirez Kornacki
                                            Assistant for Administrative 
                                                Operations.--Gail Davis
                                            Assistant for Technical 
                                                Operations.--Andy Elias
                                            Assistants: Gerald Rupert, 
                                                Kimberly Oates

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Joe Johns, NBC News, Chair
                                            Jerry Bodlander, Associated 
                                                Press Radio
                                            Bob Fuss, CBS News
                                            Edward O'Keefe, ABC News
                                            Dave McConnell, WTOP Radio
                                            Richard Tillery, The 
                                                Washington Bureau
                                            David Wellna, NPR News
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of Senate wing of the Capitol. Applicants 
shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, television 
stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which they are 
employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, if any. 
Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in the 
prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they

[[Page 970]]

do not and will not, directly or indirectly, furnish special information 
to any organization, individual, or group of individuals for the 
influencing of prices on any commodity or stock exchange; that they will 
not do so during the time they retain membership in the galleries. 
Holders of visitors' cards who may be allowed temporary admission to the 
galleries must conform to all the restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the 
Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant 
conforms to the foregoing regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 971]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abad Serra, Ignasi: Catalunya Radio

Abbott, Stacey: National Public Radio

Abdalla, Hebah: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

Abe, Takaaki: Nippon TV Network

Abed, Nader: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Abrams, Mike: Radio One

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Abtar, Rana: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Abuelhawa, Daoud: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Aburahma, Eyad: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Acharya, Niharika: Voice of America

Ackerman, Thomas: Belo Capital Bureau

Ackland, Matt: Freelance

Adams, Douglas A.: NBC News

Adams, James M.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Adams, Jeff: ABC News

Adams, Larry: Native American Television

Adelhardt, Christine: German Television/ARD

Advani, Reena: National Public Radio

Afsharian, Maria: NBC News

Aguirre, Bertrand: TF1 French Television

Ahearn, Brian M.: East Coast Television

Ahlquist, Gregory E.: Fox News

Ahmad, Adriana: Voice of America

Ahmed, Lukman: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Ahmed, M. Anis: Voice of America

Ahn, Jaehoon: Radio Free Asia

Aitken, Cynthia L.: Tribune Broadcasting

Akassy, Hugues-Denver: Orbite Television, Inc.

Akkad, Reem: ABC News

Alami, Mohammed: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Albano, Thomas: CBS News

Alberter, William: CNN

Albright-Hanna, Kate: CNN

Alcott, Abigail K.: Fox News

Aldridge, William T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Alexander, Clinton N.: CBS News

Alexander, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Alexanian, Nubar: National Public Radio

Al-Haj, Talal: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Ali, Shujaat: NBC News

Allard, John: ABC News

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Darrell: Voice of America

Allen, Keith: Reuters Television

Allison, Lynn Quarles: WETA-TV

Al-Mirazi, Hafez: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Al-Moajil, Waleed: APTN

Alnwick, Melanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Alrawi, Khaldoun: APTN

Alvarez, Manuel: C-SPAN

Alvey, Jay: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Alvey, Jay D.: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Ambinder, Marc: ABC News

Ammerman, Stuart: Freelance

Amperiadis, Dimitrios: Hellenic Broadcast Corp.

Anastasi, Patrick G.: NBC News

Anders, Jaroslaw: Voice of America

Anderson, Anne Davenport: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Anderson, Charles: Freelance

Anderson, Kevin: BBC

Anderson, Scott: ABC News

Anderson, Shawn: WTOP Radio

Andonovski, Vedran: Voice of America

Andress, Jeannie Ohm: NBC News

Andrew, Jeffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Andrews, Wyatt: CBS News

Angelini, Mark: Belo Capital Bureau

Angle, James L.: Fox News

Anglim, John: Freelance

Anthony, Karyn: CBS News

Antonie, Victor: Reuters Television

Aoun, Larissa: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Apokis, Dimitrios: Hellenic Broadcast Corp.

Archer, Nelson: NBC News

Ardalan, Faraj: Voice of America

Arena, Bruno: Freelance

Arena, Kelli: CNN

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Argentieri, David: National Public Radio

Armfield, Robert: Fox News

Armstrong, Phyllis: WUSA-TV

Armwood, Adrian Conrad: Freelance

Arobaga-Reardon, Mary: Voice of America

Arrington, Percy: NBC News

Artesona, Eva: Catalan Television

Aryankalayil, Babu: Middle East Television Network

Asberg, Stefan: Swedish Television

Ashburn, Lauren: USA Today Live

Asher, Julie: Fox News

Aspery, Gregory: Tribune Broadcasting

Assuras, Thalia: CBS News

Attkisson, Sharyl: CBS News

Augenstein, Neal: WTOP Radio

[[Page 972]]

Austin, Kenneth L.: NBC News

Austin, Traci Mitchell: Hearst-Argyle Television

Autrey, Steven: CBN News

Avila, Viviana: Caracol TV

Azais, Jean-Pascal: TF1 French Television

Azzam, Heni: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Babington-Heina, Martin: Freelance

Bach, David: Radio Free Asia

Bach, Stephen: CNN

Bachenheimer, Stephan: Deutsche Welle Television

Bachmann, Thorsten: German Television/ARD

Bacon, Jason: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Bagnato, Barry: CBS News

Baham, Todd: C-SPAN

Baier, Bret: Fox News

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

Baird, Ashley Anne: CBS News

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

Baker, Craig: CNN

Baker, Dai: Independent Television News (ITN)

Baker, Les: Fox News

Baldwin, Lorna: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Ballard, Carl: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Ballenger, Katy: Fox News

Ballou, Jeffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Balsamo, James: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Baltimore, Dennis: Fox News

Banaszak, Brendan: National Public Radio

Banegas, Al: Belo Capital Bureau

Banks, James: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Banks, Katherine: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Banks, Mark: ABC News

Bannigan, Michael A.: CNN

Barber, William: WETA-TV

Barbour, Lantz: Freelance

Barnard, Bob: WTTG-Fox Television

Barnes, Christopher: Fox News

Barnes, Audrey: WUSA-TV

Barnett, James: CNN

Barnette, Denley: WTTG-Fox Television

Barnhart, Marsha J.: Radio Free Asia

Barocas, Emily: National Public Radio

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barreda, Eric: Freelance

Barrett, Gene: ABC News

Barrett, Ted: CNN

Barry, Caitlin: CNN

Barthelemy, Maniko: Community TV of PG's

Bartlett, Stephen: Freelance

Bascom, Jon: ABC News

Basinger, Stuart: Fox News

Baskerville, Kia: CBS News

Bates, Timothy: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Batten, Rodney: NBC News

Batties, Khepera: NBC News

Baumann, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Bavaud, Pierre: Swiss Broadcasting

Beahn, James P.: WUSA-TV

Beale, Jonathan: BBC

Beall, Gary Glenn: NBC News

Bearson, Sonya Crawford: ABC News

Beasley, David: Radio Free Asia

Beasley, Diane: CBS News

Beausoleil, Garry: SRN News

Becker, Bruce: Fox News

Becker, Farrel: CBS News

Becker, Frank K.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Becker, Regina M.: CBS News

Beery, Nic: Mobile Video Services

Belanger, Elizabeth: CNN

Bell, Bradley: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Bell Kathuria, Afrika: C-SPAN

Bell, Ross: Capitol Pulse

Bellard, Joseph: Bloomberg Television

Bellman, Charles: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Belmar, Adam: ABC News

Bena, John: CNN

Bender, Bob: ABC News

Bender, Gary: WTTG-Fox Television

Bender, Sharon: Belo Capital Bureau

Benetato, Michael: NBC News

Benjoar, Jacques: NBC News

Bennett, Christine: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Bennett, Mark R.: CBS News

Bensen, Jackie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Bentley, David: Freelance

Bentz, Thomas: CNN

Benz, Kathy: CNN

Beraud, Anyck: CBC

Berbner, Thomas: German Television/ARD

Berkowitz, Elisa: WTTG-Fox Television

Bernardini, Laura: CNN

Berrou, Loick: TF1 French Television

Berry, Michael P.: WTTG-Fox Television

Bertelmann, James: Voice of America

Berti, Barbara: CNN

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Beverly, Erin: Freelance

Bhatia, Varuna: Fox News

Bhungyal, Bhungyal: Radio Free Asia

Biddle, Michael: C-SPAN

Bintrim, Tim Raymond: Freelance

Birr, Emily: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Bisney, John: CNN

Blackburn, Regina: NBC News

Blackman, Jay: NBC News

Blackwill, Sarah: NBC News

Blair, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Blanchet, Sharon: BBC

Blandburg, Victor: USA Today Live

Blaszyk, Amy N.: National Public Radio

Blickstein, Adam: Freelance

[[Page 973]]

Block, Deborah: Voice of America

Block, Melissa: National Public Radio

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

Blount, Jeffrey: NBC News

Blumberg, Sarah: Fox News

Bly, Dennis: WUSA-TV

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bodnar, John: CNN

Bohannon, Camille: AP-Broadcast

Bohannon, Joseph: NBC News

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Bohrman, David: CNN

Bojadzievski, Jane: Voice of America

Bolter, Brian: WTTG-Fox Television

Bonzagni, George: SRN News

Bookhultz, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Boothby, Jim: Potomac Television

Borger, Gloria: CBS News

Borniger, Charles: Freelance

Borniger, Herta: German Television/ARD

Borrasso, Jennifer: SRN News

Bosch, Anna: T.V.E./Spanish Public Television

Boskent-Norris, Amanda: Freelance

Bost, Mark: WUSA-TV

Boughton, Bryan: Fox News

Bourar, Hisham: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Bourgeois, Didier: Fox News

Bovim, Megan: Fox News

Bowen, Timothy: WETA-TV

Boyce, Nell: National Public Radio

Boyd, John D.: NBC News

Boyd, Wayne: Freelance

Bradley, Carlotta L.: AP-Broadcast

Bragale, Charles: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Bramson, Robert E.: ABC News

Branche, Glennwood: ABC News

Brandkamp, Jonathan D.: Voice of America

Brandt, John: Fox News

Brannock, Michael: C-SPAN

Bransford, Fletcher: Fox News

Braun, Joshua S.: CNN

Brawner, Donald: WETA-TV

Bream, Shannon D.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Breed, Richard E.: Freelance

Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

Brieger, Annette: Freelance

Brinberg, Claire: CNN

Briski, Natasa: Pro Plus, Slovenia

Brisson, Stephane: CTV-Canadian Television

Britch, Ray: CNN

Britell, Penny: CBS News

Brittain, Rebecca: CNN

Brock, Alan Matthew: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brody, David: CBN News

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Broleman, Michael: Sinclair Broadcasting Group

Bromberger, Mike: Voice of America

Brookes, Adam: BBC

Brooks, Kurt: WUSA-TV

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Brown, Daryl: WTTG-Fox Television

Brown, Jr., Edgar: Fox News

Brown, Henry M.: ABC News

Brown, Jeffrey: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Jennifer: CBC

Brown, Jerome: Voice of America

Brown, Karen E.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brown, Kristi: CBS News

Brown, Malcolm: Feature Story News

Brown, Melissa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Tracy Ann: APTN

Bruce, Andrea: CBS News

Bruchas, John Michael: East Coast Television

Brulle, Ashley Huffman: CNN

Brunetti, Sara: CBC

Bruns, Aaron: Fox News

Bryant, Aubrey: WUSA-TV

Buchanan, Douglas: WUSA-TV

Buck, Melanie: CNN

Buckingham, Joseph: WETA-TV

Buehler, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Buel, Meredith S.: Voice of America

Buhrow, Tom: German Television/ARD

Bull, David John: ABC News

Bullard Harmon, Susan: CBS News

Bullard, Larry: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Bullock, Peter: Reuters Television

Bullock, Tom: National Public Radio

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Bunyan, Maureen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Burch, Jennifer: CNN

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burke, James: C-SPAN

Burketh, Ivan: National Public Radio

Burlij, Terence: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Burns, Alison: Cox Broadcasting

Burton, Daniel: Potomac Television

Buschschluter, Vanessa: BBC

Buschschluter, Siegfried: Deutschland Radio

Butler, Norman: Belo Capital Bureau

Butterworth, David: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Byrne, Jay: Talk Radio News Service

Byrne, Matthew: CNN

Byrne, Michaela T.: Independent Television News (ITN)

Cabral, Juan E.: CNN

Cacas, Max: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Cadoret-Manier, Remi: TF1 French Television

Caldwell, Traci L.: CBS News

Calfat, Marcel: CBC

Callan, Elizabeth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Calo-Christian, Nancy: C-SPAN

Cameron, Carl: Fox News

Cameron, Ian: ABC News

[[Page 974]]

Camp, Joseph: WETA-TV

Campbell, Arch: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Campbell, Barbara: National Public Radio

Campbell, Christopher: Al-Jazeera TV

Candia, Kirsten: German Television/ZDF

Canizales, Cesar A.: NBC Newschannel

Canning, Andrea: ABC News

Canton, Soyini: Hearst-Argyle Television

Canty, James: CBS News

Cao, Huidong: Radio Free Asia

Cao, Yang: C-SPAN

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Capstick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Caravello, David: CBS News

Carden, Elizabeth D.: ABC News

Cardon, John Christophe: WETA-TV

Carey, Julie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Carlson, Brett: Freelance

Carlson, Christopher: ABC News

Carlson, Steve: Fox News

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Television

Carlsson, Lisa: Swedish Television

Carney, Keith: FedNet

Caronello, Sophie R.: Bloomberg Radio (WBBR)

Carpel, Michael: Fox News

Carr, Martin: WETA-TV

Carrillo, Silvio: CNN

Carroll, Theodore: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Carson, Charles: WTTG-Fox Television

Carter, Mone Sha: Fox News

Carter, Jr., Walter: Fox News

Casey, Sean: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Cassidy, David M.: Belo Capital Bureau

Castner, Edward: German Television/ARD

Castrilli, Anthony M.: WUSA-TV

Castro, Carlos: WTTG-Fox Television

Catanza, Damian: CNN

Catrett, David Keith: CNN

Cavaiola, Michael: C-SPAN

Cavin, Anthony: CBS News

Cecil, Brenda: East Coast Television

Centanni, Steve: Fox News

Cesar, Ronald: Voice of America

Cesarano, Ashley J.: NBC News

Cetta, Denise: CBS News

Chaggaris, Steven: CBS News

Chamberlain, Richard: Tribune Broadcasting

Chamberland, Bethany: CNN

Champ, Henry: CBC

Chan, Enoch: Voice of America

Chang, Young Joo: Seoul Broadcasting System

Changuris, Zeke: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg Television

Chappell, Jill: Freelance

Charbonneau, Melissa A.: CBN News

Charner, Flora: APTN

Charpa, Silvia: German Television/ARD

Charters, Nadia: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chase, Marina: CNN

Chase, Melvin: WTOP Radio

Chattman, Tanya: C-SPAN

Chavez, Roby: WTTG-Fox Television

Chavis, Brandi: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Chaytor, David: WUSA-TV

Chen, Joie: CBS News

Chen, Yi Qiu: ETTV

Chenevey, Steve: WTTG-Fox Television

Chernenkoff, Kelly: Fox News

Chicca, Trish: CNN

Chick, Jane S.: CBS News

Childs, Lete M.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Ching, Nike: Broadcasting Corporation of China

Chmura, Christopher: AP-Broadcast

Chophel, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Chow, Lisa: National Public Radio

Chrisinger, Travis Renee: Freelance

Christensen, Jocelyn: CNN

Christian, George: CBS News

Chung, Chen-Fang Tina: Formosa TV

Chung, Hyun Duk: Seoul Broadcasting System

Chung, Linda: Bloomberg Television

Cilberti, David: Freelance

Clark, James: C-SPAN

Clark, Theodore E.: National Public Radio

Clark, Thomas L.: FedNet

Clark, Tom: CTV-Canadian Television

Clarke, Andrea: Reuters Television

Clemann, William: WUSA-TV

Clemons, Bobby: CNN America

Clendenon, Kelly: Metro Teleproductions

Clifford, Megan: CNN

Clogston, Juanita: Freelance

Clugston, Gregory: SRN News

Clune, Sarah: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cochran, John: ABC News

Cockerham, Richard A.: Fox News

Codispoti, Alika: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Coffman, Mary: Medill News Service

Cofske, Harvey: Irish Radio and Television (RTE)

Cohan, Stacey: WUSA-TV

Cohen, Josh: C-SPAN

Cohen, Stuart: BBC

Cohencious, Robert: Native American Television

Cohn, Alan: Washington News Network

Coil, Holley: WTTG-Fox Television

Colby, Alfred: CBS News

Cole, Bryan: Fox News

Cole, Robert: Voice of America

Cole, Vernon: ABC News

Colella, Anthony: WTTG-Fox Television

Coleman, Major: NBC News

[[Page 975]]

Coles, David: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Colgan, Jill: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Colimore, Eric: Fox News

Collender, Howard: Mobile Video Services

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce: C-SPAN

Collins, Maxine: BBC

Collins, Michael J.: Voice of America

Collins, Pat: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Collinson, Luke: Independent Television News (ITN)

Colton, Michael: CBC

Comport, Caroline J.: Tribune Broadcasting

Compton, Woodrow: CNN

Conatser, Cynthia: NBC Newschannel

Conlin, Sheila: NBC Newschannel

Conner, Eric: Fox News

Connolly, Camille: Freelance

Connor, Gail: APTN

Connor, James T.: CNBC

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conrad, Monique: BET Nightly News

Contreras, Felix J.: National Public Radio

Contreras, Jorge: Univision News

Contreras, Lainie: AP-Broadcast

Conway, Abigail: C-SPAN

Cook, James L.: C-SPAN

Cook, Leslie: National Public Radio

Cook, Peter: Bloomberg Television

Cooke, David M.: Freelance

Coolidge, Richard: ABC News

Coomarasamy, James: BBC

Cooper, Caroline: CBS News

Cooper, Jeffrey: FDCH E-Media, Inc.

Cooper, John: Freelance

Cooper, Rebecca J.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Corke, Kevin: NBC News

Cornish, Francine: ABC News

Correa, Pedro: Telemundo Network

Corum, Paul H.: CBS News

Costantini, Bob: Freelance

Costello, Thomas: NBC News

Coudoux, Sylvain: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Coughlin, Thomas: Tribune Broadcasting

Coulter, Pam: ABC News

Courson, Paul S.: CNN

Cowman, Chris: East Coast Television

Cox, Alexis: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Coyte, Benjamin: CNN

Craca, Thomas: Freelance

Craig, John: East Coast Television

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Craven, William C.: National Public Radio

Crawford, James: Channel One News

Crawford, Robert: ABC News

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Crawley, Plummer: CNBC

Crenshaw, Elizabeth: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Cridland, Jeffrey: WUSA-TV

Crites, Jeff: SRN News

Crook, Anthony W.: Freelance

Crosariol, Paul M.: Potomac Television

Crosswhite-Chigbue, Karla: CNN

Crouse, Mary (Bebe): National Public Radio

Crowley, Candy: CNN

Crowley, Dennis: United News and Information

Crum, John: CBS News

Crutchfield, Curtis: Community TV of PG's

Crystal, Lester M.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

Culhane, Max: ABC News

Cullen, Michael: National Public Radio

Cunha, John: CNN

Cuong, Pham Gia: CBS News

Curran, Patrick J.: Freelance

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curtis, Alexander: C-SPAN

Curwen, Lesley: BBC

Cyr, Emily: WUSA-TV

Czzowitz, Greg: C-SPAN

Dahl, Heather: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Dajani, Rula: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

D'Alberto, Emily A.: CNN

Daly, John: CBS News

D'Amico, Daniel: APTN

D'Angelo, Sara: WTOP Radio

Daniels, Brady G.: NBC News

Daniels, Nerissa: National Public Radio

D'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

Danilko, Derek: Tribune Broadcasting

Dao, Thao: Radio Free Asia

Das, Mousumi: CNN

Daschle, Kelly: APTN

Date, Jack: ABC News

Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

Daugherty, Jeffery: Voice of America

Davalos, Anna: Freelance

Davenport, Anne: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Davenport, Deborah: C-SPAN

David, Michael R.M.: CNN

Davidi, Avi: Voice of America

Davidson, Joe: BET.com

Davie, Bianca: Bloomberg Television

Davieaud, Helene: TF1 French Television

Davies, Rhydwyn: Washington Bureau News Service

Davies-Williams, Stephen: WTTG-Fox Television

Davis, Derek: CNN

Davis, Gail: RadioTV

Davis, Gordon: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Davis, Kristin: CNN

Davis, Matthew: BBC

Davis, Mitch: Fox News Radio

Davis, Patrick A.: CNN

Davis, Rebecca: National Public Radio

[[Page 976]]

Davis, Sharia: NBC News

Davis, Stephanie: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Davis, Tiffani M.: ABC News

Davis, V. Allison: CBS News

Davis, William: SRN News

Dawson, Charlie: CBS News

Dawson, Wendy: Fox News

Day, Richard: WTOP Radio

de Guise, Louis: CBC

de Schaetzen, Emilie: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

de Sola, David: CNN

Dean, Antoinette: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Decker, Jonathan P.: USA Radio Network

DeFrank, Debra: Fox News

Deger, Anne H.: Hamilton Productions

Delafield, Alyssa: NBC News

DeMar, Brian: National Public Radio

DeMark, Michael: Freelance

DeMoss, Gary: Freelance

Dennert, Mary Pat: Fox News

Densmore, Steven: ABC News

Dentzer, Susan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Depoortere, Yohan: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

DePuyt, Bruce: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Deroche, Sylvie: TF1 French Television

DeSantis, Dominic: Freelance

DeSimone, Bridget: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Detrow, Jon: AP-Broadcast

DeVito, Andrea: Fox News

Dhue, Stephaniea: Nightly Business Report

Dhuy, Hans-Peter: Finnish Broadcasting/YLE

Diakides, Anastasia: CNN

Diarra, Sofia: BBC

DiBella, Richard: Fox News

DiCarlo, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Dietrich, Geoffrey: CNN

Dignan, Kellyanne E.: USA Today Live

Dillon, H. Estel: NBC Newschannel

DiMassimo, Richard: Native American Television

Dimmler, Erika: CNN

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Dine, Laura: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Dixon-Gumm, Penny: Voice of America

Dixson, Charles H.: CBS News

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dobbins, Colin: Freelance

Dockins, Pamela: AP-Broadcast

Dodson, Richard E.: NBC News

Doebele, Constance: C-SPAN

Doell, Michell: WTTG-Fox Television

Doherty, Brian: Fox News

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Dolce, Stephen: CNN

Dolcimascolo, Carolyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Dolma, Dawa: Radio Free Asia

Dolma, Rigdhen: Radio Free Asia

Donahue, Edward: AP-Broadcast

Donald, William: Viewpoint Communications

Donaldson, Sam: ABC News

Donnelly, Julie: Feature Story News

Donovan, Brian: ABC News

Donovan, Christopher: NBC News

Dore, Maggie: Freelance

Dorf-Dolce, Heather: Irish Radio and Television (RTE)

Dorjee, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Dorn, Jason M.: Tribune Broadcasting

Dorsey, Tony: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Dougherty, Mark: WUSA-TV

Dougherty, Martin: CNN

Douglass, Linda D.: ABC News

Downer, Carlton: CNN

Doyle, Geoffrey C.: NBC News

Drummond, Steven: National Public Radio

Dubroff, Rich: NBC News

Duck, Jennifer: ABC News

Duitch, David: Belo Capital Bureau

Duke, Megan: CNN

Dukehart, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Dumpe, Megan: Fox News

Dunaway, John: CNN

Duncan, Michael J.: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Robert: National Public Radio

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Dunkley, Michael: Native American Television

Dunlavey, Dennis: ABC News

Dunlavey, Thomas: CNN

Dunlop, Melissa: NBC News

Dunlop, William: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Dunn, Lauren: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dunston, Andre: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Broadcasting

Durham, Deborah: Univision News

Durham, Lisa: CNN

Durkin, Edward: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Dyball, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Dyer, Lois: CBS News

Dyson, Kareen Wynter: CNN

Earnest, Jerry R.: Voice of America

Eaton, Hugh M.: National Public Radio

Ebinger, Jonathan: Freelance

Ebitty-Doro, Estelle: AP-Broadcast

Echevarria, Pedro L.: C-SPAN

Echols, Jerry: Fox News

Eck, Christina: Deutsche Press Agency

Eckert, Barton: WTOP Radio

Edmond, Danaj: Fox News

Edmonds, George: BBC

Edwards, Alicia: Freelance

Edwards, Brian: CBN News

Egy Rose, A. Christine: NBC News

Ehrenberg, Richard: ABC News

Eisenbarth, Ronald: C-SPAN

Eisenhuth, Alfred Scott: Freelance

[[Page 977]]

Elbadry, Hanan H.: Egyptian TV

Eldridge, James W.: Fox News

Eldridge, Mercedes: Washington Bureau News Service

Eldridge, Michael: FDCH/E-Media, Inc.

el-Hamalawy, Mahmoud: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

El-Konayyesi, Hany: ABU-DHABI Television

Ellard, Nancy: NBC Newschannel

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Ellis, Neal: National Public Radio

Elnour, Waiel: APTN

Elving, Ronald: National Public Radio

Elvington, D. Glenn: ABC News

Emanuel, Mike: Fox News

Emery, Edie: CNN

Empey, Duane: East Coast Television

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Enqvist, Benita: Finnish Broadcasting/YLE

Epatko, Larisa: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Epstein, Steve: Freelance

Erbe, Bonnie: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Ericson, Ken: AP-Broadcast

Ernst, Charlotte: TV2-Denmark

Ernst, Manuel: German Television/ZDF

Espinoza, Cholene: Talk Radio News Service

Evans, Laura: WTTG-Fox Television

Evans, Sheila Diane: ABC News

Everist, Michael: FDCH/E-Media Inc.

Everly, Thomas: Freelance

Eyasu, Adiam: CNN

Fabian, Tom: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Fabic, Greg: C-SPAN

Faerber, Fritz: AP-Broadcast

Faigen, Glenn: Freelance

Faison, Al: Freelance

Falcone, David: APTN

Fancher, William T.: American Family Radio

Fant, Barbara: NBC News

Fantacone, John L.: CBS News

Farag, Aziz Fahmy: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Farhoodi, Ali B.: Voice of America

Farkas, Danny: Middle East Television Network

Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

Farley, Sabrina Fang: Tribune Broadcasting

Farnum, Douglas: NBC News

Farrell, Kathryn: CNN

Farrell, Molly: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Farzam, Parichehr: Voice of America

Faulkner, Michael: CBS News

Fauntleroy, Julius Dumarr: WETA-TV

Faw, Robert: NBC News

Fay, Mary Elizabeth: Freelance

Federico, Hector: Voice of America

Feeney, Joseph: WTTG-Fox Television

Feeney, Susan: National Public Radio

Feig, Christy: CNN

Feist, Sam: CNN

Feldman, Elizabeth: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

Fendrick, Anne-Marie: Freelance

Ferder, Bruce: Freelance

Fessler, Pamela: National Public Radio

Fetzer, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Fiedler, Stephan: German Television/ARD

Fiegel, Eric James: CNN

Field, Andrew: Freelance

Field, Joan Mazer: BBC

Fields, Matthew: NBC News

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Fierro, Juan Martinez: COPE Radio

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Finch, Mark: Fox News

Fincher, Leta Hong: Voice of America

Fingar, Craig: CNN

Finkel, Benjamin: Viewpoint Communications

Finland, Alexander Y.: Fox News

Finney, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Finnigan, Michael: Freelance

Fiorito, Daniel: Freelance

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fischoff, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Fishel, Justin: Fox News

Fitzgerald, Tom: WTTG-Fox Television

Fitzmaurice, Frank: WETA-TV

Fitzpatrick, Craig: Voice of America

Flanagan, Danielle: WUSA-TV

Fleeson, Richard: C-SPAN

Fleming, Eileen: AP-Broadcast

Fletcher, Robley: CNN

Flood, Randolph: Native American Television

Flores, Cesar: Freelance

Flynn, Michael Francis: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Flynn, Michael W.: WUSA-TV

Flynn, Liz: CNN

Foellmer-Suchorski, Kristin: German 
Television/ZDF

Fogarty, Kevin: Reuters Television

Folkenflik, David B.: National Public Radio

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ford, Sam: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Foreman, Thomas: CNN

Forman, David: NBC News

Forrest, James M.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Forte, B.J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Fortenberry, Tom: C-SPAN

Foster, Carl: C-SPAN

Foster, Jamie L.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Foster, Kurt: Fox News

Foster, Lesli: WUSA-TV

Foster, Scott: NBC News

Foster, Tom: Freelance

Foty, Tom: Freelance

Fouladvand, Hida: Freelance

[[Page 978]]

Foundas, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Fowler, Kathy: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Fowlin, Joy: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Fox, Janet: WUSA-TV

Fox, Michael C.: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peter: Reuters Television

Frado, John E.: CBS News

Frame, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Francis, Elliott: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Franco, Brian: WUSA-TV

Frank, Langfitt: National Public Radio

Frankel, Bruce: TF1 French Television

Franken, Robert: CNN

Fraser, Jr., Wilfred: NBC News

Frayer, Lauren: AP-Broadcast

Frazier, William: C-SPAN

Freeland, Eric: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

French, F. Patrick: Freelance

Freymann-Weyr, Jeffrey K.: National Public Radio

Friar, David J.: AP-Broadcast

Fridrich, George J.: Fox News

Frieden, Terry: CNN

Friedman, David: Freelance

Froseth, Gary: WTOP Radio

Frost, Lovisa: Talk Radio News Service

Fry, Jim: Belo Capital Bureau

Fullwood, Adrian: APTN

Fung, Teddy: Radio Free Asia

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furman, Hal E.: CBS News

Fuss, Brian: CBS News

Fuss, Robert J.: CBS News

Futrowsky, David: Fox News

Gabala, Rick: C-SPAN

Gabriel, Oscar Wells: AP-Broadcast

Gadsden, Ginger: USA Today Live

Gaetano, Lawrence: NBC News

Gaffney, Dennis: Freelance

Gaffney, Matt: WTTG-Fox Television

Gaffney, Suzanne Yee: APTN

Gafner, Randall: Freelance

Gahagan, Kendra: ABC News

Galdabini, Christian: Freelance

Galfetti, Michele: Swiss Broadcasting

Galindo, Michael Travis: Freelance

Gallagher, Joseph: Voice of America

Gallasch, Hillery: Deutsche Welle

Gallo, Dan: Fox News

Gallu, Joshua: Freelance

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Garcia, Gina: NBC News

Garcia, Jon: ABC News

Garcia, Robert: ABC News Radio

Gardella, Richard: NBC News

Gargiulo, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Garlock, John: C-SPAN

Garner, Nicole: Potomac Television

Garraty, Timothy C.: CNN

Garrett, Major: Fox News

Garske, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gassman, Mara: CNN

Gato, Pabloz; Telemundo Network

Gauss, Martina: Freelance

Gauthier, Arthur R.: ABC News

Gavin, Gregory: National Public Radio

Gawad, Atef: APTN

Gebhardt, William A.: NBC News

Geimann, Steve: Bloomberg Television

Geldon, Ben: CNN

Geleschun, Uwe: German Television/ARD

Gentile, Esther M.: Venezuelan Television

Gentilo, Richard: APTN

Gentry, Pamela: CBS/BET Nightly News

Gentry, Robert H.: TV Asahi

Gentzler, Doreen: WRC-TV/NBC-4

George, Maurice: CNN

Gergely, Valer: Voice of America

Germany, Michelle: NBC News

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Getter, John: The Washington Bureau

Geyelin, Philip: Freelance

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbons, Gavin: Fox News

Gibbons, Sarah: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Gibbons, Sean: CNN

Gibson, Jr., Frank L.: NBC News

Gibson, Jake: Fox News

Gibson, Sheri Lynn: NBC Newschannel

Giebel, Edward: Freelance

Gilbert, Benjamin: National Public Radio

Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Gillette, David: WETA-TV

Gillon, Vanessa: ABC News

Gilman, Jeff: WTTG-Fox Television

Gilmour, Karen: CBS News

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Girshman, Peggy: National Public Radio

Githui, Esther: Voice of America

Giusto, Thomas: ABC News

Gjelten, Tom: National Public Radio

Gladstone, Jennifer: Sinclair Broadcasting Group

Glass, Evan: CNN

Glassman, Matt: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Glennon, John: Freelance

Glover-James, Ian: Independent Television News (ITN)

Glynn, William: NBC Newschannel

Gmiter, Bernard: ABC News

Goddard, Lisa: AP-Broadcast

Godsick, Andrew Louis: NBC Newschannel

Golau, Adam R.: East Coast Television

Gold, Lawrence: APTN

Gold, Peter: Fuji Television

[[Page 979]]

Goldberg, Ari: C-SPAN

Goldfein, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Goldman, Jeff Scott: CBS News

Goldman, David: Community TV of PG's

Goldman, Heather: CNN

Goler, Wendell: Fox News

Goltzman, Alison Kosik: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Gomes, Karina: CNN

Gomez, Juan Carlos: National Public Radio

Gonsar, Dhondup Namgyal: Radio Free Asia

Gonyea, Don: National Public Radio

Gonzalez, Carlos Alberto: WTTG-Fox Television

Gonzalez, John: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Gonzalez, Julio: Hispanic Radio Network

Goodknight, Charles A: WRC/NBC-4

Goodman, Jeffrey: Freelance

Goodman, Susan: WAMU-FM

Goodwin, Susan: National Public Radio

Gordon, Chris Herbert: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Gordon, Stuart: ABC News

Gorman, Gregory A.: Talk Radio News Service

Gorman, James W.: APTN

Gorsky, Edward: NBC News

Gottlieb, Brian: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Gould, Robert: C-SPAN

Grace, Stewart: ABC News

Gracey, David: CNN

Granda, Marco: Univision News

Granena, Marc: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Grant, Miles: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Grasso, Neil: CBS News

Graves, Lindsay: Freelance

Graydon, James: CNN

Grayson, Gisele: National Public Radio

Green, Erin: NBC News

Green, Jessie J.: WTOP Radio

Green, Molette: Cox Broadcasting

Greenaway, Walter T.S.: Potomac Television

Greenback, William Henry: Voice of America

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC Newschannel

Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

Greene, David: National Public Radio

Greene, James M.: NBC News

Greene, Thomas: CNN

Greenfield, Heather: AP-Broadcast

Greenspon, Dana: Nightly Business Report

Greenwood, John K.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Greenwood, William: ABC News

Greer, Peter P.: WTTG-Fox Television

Gregory, David: NBC News

Greiner, Nicholas: Freelance

Griffin, Eileen: WETA-TV

Griffitts, William: Mobile Video Services

Groome, Marsha: NBC News

Gross, Andrew F.: NBC News

Gross, David: CBS News

Gross, Jr., Eddie S.: CNN

Gross, Joshua D.: CBS News

Gruber, Ben: Reuters Television

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Guiloff, Stephanie: Azteca America

Guise, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Gunning, Meredith: Hearst-Argyle Television

Gural, Kathleen: East Coast Television

Gursky, Gregg L.: Fox News

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio & Press Service

Gutnikoff, Robert: APTN

Guzman, Armando: Azteca America

Guzman, Roberto: Azteca America

Gwadz, Joel: CBS News

Haan, Mike: CNN

Haberstick, Fred: Fox News

Hackett, Hunter: CNN

Hackett, Stephen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hadi, Abdul Wahar: Voice of America

Hadley, Laura: ABC News

Haefeli, Brian: Fox News

Hafer, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Hager, Mary: CBS News

Hager, Nathaniel: WTOP Radio

Hagerty, Barbara Bradley: National Public Radio

Hagerty, Michael E.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Haggerty, Patrick B.: U.S. Farm Report/WGN Radio

Hahn, Stephen: ABC News

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Halkett, Kimberly: Global Television

Hall Bruner, Caroline: Fox News

Hall, Randy: CNSNews.com

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Hall, Sabrina: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hall, Sean: Freelance

Haller, Sylvia: NBC News

Halton, David: CBC

Hamberg, Steve: Viewpoint Communications

Hamilton, Christopher B.: Middle East Television Network

Hamilton, Jay: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, John: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, John: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hamilton, Jonathan: National Public Radio

Hamlin, Gregg K.: Tribune Broadcasting

Hammer, Michael J.: AP-Broadcast

Hammond, Donald: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Hammons, Cheryl: East Coast Television

Hampton, Cheryl: National Public Radio

Hamrick, Mark A.: AP-Broadcast

Handelsman, Steve: NBC Newschannel

Handleman, Michelle: WUSA-TV

Handly, James: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Hanka, Roland: German Television/ARD

Hanner, Mark: CBS News

Hannon, Thomas: CNN

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hanson, Chris: C-SPAN

[[Page 980]]

Hara, Seiki: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Harb, Moufac: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Harding, Alejandro: Video News Service

Harding, Claus: Freelance

Harding, William: USA Today Live

Hardy, Arthur: CNN

Harkness, Stephen: C-SPAN

Harlan, Jeremy: CNN

Harleston, Robb: C-SPAN

Harmon, Predi-Reko: CBS News

Harper, Ben: Medill News Service

Harper, Elizabeth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Harper, Steven: Freelance

Harrington, Craig J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Harris, Catherine Meade: BBC

Harris, Lanese: CNN

Harris, Leon: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Harris, Richard: National Public Radio

Harris, Roy J.: Freelance

Harter, John R.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hartge, John: Freelance

Hartman, Brian: ABC News

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Hash, James: WUSA-TV

Hass, Thomas: Freelance

Hastings Wotring, Melanie: WJLA-TV/News-
channel 8

Hatcher, William P.: ABC News

Hawke, Anne: National Public Radio

Hawkins, Yvonne P.: East Coast Television

Hayes, Monique: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hayley, Jr., Harold Paul: NBC News

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Hays, Guerin: CNN

Hayward, Jacqueline: WUSA-TV

Haywood, Barry: Freelance

Headen, Greg: Fox News

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heik, Jens: Freelance

Helm, Ronald G.: CNN

Helskog, Gerhard: TV2-Norway

Hempen, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Henderson, Susan: APTN

Hendin, Robert: CBS News

Hendricks, Mark B.: CBN News

Henneberg, Mary Janne: Fox News

Henrehan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Henry, Ed: CNN

Henry, Jonelle P.: C-SPAN

Henry, Patrick: CBN News

Henry, Patrick L.: CBN News

Herman, Emily: NBC News

Herman, Elia: Talk Radio News Service

Hermes, Troy Allen: Freelance

Hernandez, Carlos E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Hernandez, Eugenio: APTN

Herndon, Sarah: Fox News

Herrera, Ruben: German Television/ZDF

Herridge, Catherine: Fox News

Hess, Ione: Freelance

Hester, Deirdre: CBS News

Heyman, Douglas: C-SPAN

Heywood, Harry B.: ABC News

Hickey, Joseph: CNN

Hickman, Stacy: Fox News

Hidaka, Masano: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Hidaka, Yoshiki: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Higgins, Ricardo: NBC News

Hill, Benjamin F.: CNN

Hill, Dallas: C-SPAN

Hillard, Timothy, KOMO-TV

Hindes, Wally: AP-Broadcast

Hinds, Hugh: Freelance

Hino, Katsumi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Hirsh, Stephen: Fox News

Hirzel, Conrad: CNN

Hitchcock, Jennifer: Hearst-Argyle Television

Hix, Leta: C-SPAN

Ho, King Man: Radio Free Asia

Ho, Stephanie J.: Voice of America

Hochman, Jordana: National Public Radio

Hoffman, Brian: AP-Broadcast

Hoffmaster, Robert: C-SPAN

Hofler, Julie: CNN

Hofstad, Elizabeth H.: FDCH E-Media, Inc.

Holden, Michael: C-SPAN

Holland, John F.: NBC News

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul: Freelance

Holly, Derrill: AP-Broadcast

Holman, Kwame: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Holtschneider, Joseph: Mobile Video Services

Holubar, John: Freelance

Hooper, Molly: Fox News

Hooven, Jill Sorenson: WTTG-Fox Television

Hoover, Toni: Freelance

Hopkins, Adrienne Moira: Fox News

Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hopkins, Joseph L.R.: Voice of America

Hopper, David: Freelance

Horan, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Hormuth, Thomas: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Horne, Jeffrey K.: NBC News

Horne, LaTanya E.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hosford, Matthew A.: NBC News

Houston, Chris: WUSA-TV

Houston, Karen Gray: WTTG-Fox Television

Howard, Cory R.: Fox News

Howard, Stephen: WETA-TV

Howell, George: C-SPAN

Howell, Richard: Fox News

Hoye, Matthew: CNN

Hristova, Rozalia: BBC

[[Page 981]]

Hsia, Chia-Lu: CTI-TV (Taiwan)

Hssaini, Nasser: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Huang, Laura: Radio Free Asia

Hudson, Christian: CNN

Hudson, Ira John: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Huebler, Ryan: Freelance

Huff, Dan: APTN

Huff, Priscilla: Feature Story News

Hughes, Ann Compton: ABC News

Hughes, James: Freelance

Hughes, Sarah: WAMU-FM

Huh, In Koo: Seoul Broadcasting System

Hume, Brit: Fox News

Hume, Kim: Fox News

Hung, Shirley: CNN

Hunn, Johney Burke: National Public Radio

Hunter, Kathleen: Stateline.org

Hunter, Roger: C-SPAN

Hunter, Ryan: WUSA-TV

Hurley, Charles: CNN

Hurley, Karina: Hispanic Radio Network

Hurt, James: NBC Newschannel

Hutcherson, Trudy Marie: Freelance

Hwang, Rosa: CBC

Hyater, John: WETA-TV

Hylton, Winston: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ichikawa, Mina: Nippon TV Network

Ide, Charles: WETA-TV

Ifill, Gwen: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Iida, Kaori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Iiyama, Laura: Feature Story News

Imaida, Aya: Nippon TV Network

Imdorf, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Ing, Lance: WTTG-Fox Television

Ingram, Shermaze: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Inoue, Hitoshi: TV Asahi

Inskeep, Steve: National Public Radio

Irving, John: Metro Networks

Ishaq, Salim I.: NBC News

Ishida, Shingo: TV Asahi

Iverson, Matthew: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Jackson, Katherine: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Jackson, Nicole: CNN

Jackson, Roberta: C-SPAN

Jackson, Ryan: Cox Broadcasting

Jackson, Susan: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Jackson, Taryn: C-SPAN

Jackson-Gewirtz, Andrea: National Public Radio

Jacobi, Steven C.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Jacobs, Adia: Freelance

Jacobs, Philip H.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jacobson, Murrey: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Jaconi, Michelle: NBC News

Jacques, Andree-Lyne: TF1 French Television

Jacques, Virg: WTTG-Fox Television

Jaffe, Gary M.: Voice of America

Jafri, Syed: Voice of America

James, Karen L.: CNBC

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Jansen, Lesa: CNN

Japaridze, NuNu: CNN

Jarboe, Brian David: National Public Radio

Jarvis, Julie: NBC Newschannel

Jaskot, Sheila: WTTG-Fox Television

Jeffries, Katherine: C-SPAN

Jenkins, David: CNN

Jenkins, Rhonda J.: Fox News

Jenkins, William G.: Fox News Radio

Jennings, Alicia: NBC News

Jensen, Heidi: ABC News

Jermin, Ede R.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jessup, John: CBN News

Jimenez, Martin: Freelance

Johns, Joseph: CNN

Johnsen, Kyle: CNN

Johnson, Chester Bruce: WUSA-TV

Johnson, Darryl B.: Freelance

Johnson, Douglas: Voice of America

Johnson, Fletcher: ABC News

Johnson, Irene: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Johnson, Jeffrey S.: CNSNews.com

Johnson, Jennifer: Freelance

Johnson, Jennifer L.: Free Speech Radio News

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kevin: Cox Broadcasting

Johnson, Kia: Reuters Television

Johnson, Leroy: NBC News

Johnson, Micahz: Washington News Network

Johnson, Obin: CBS News

Johnson, Rolanda: Freelance

Johnson, Sasha: CNN

Johnson-McNeely, Helena: National Public Radio

Johnston, Derek: Freelance

Johnston, Jeffrey: CBS News

Jones, Alvin: FedNet

Jones, Gwyneth: NBC News

Jones, Kimberly: National Public Radio

Jones, Lyrone Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Morris: Sinclair Broadcasting Group

Jones, Nelson: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Rachel: National Public Radio

Jones, Torrance: Fox News

Jones, Victoria: Talk Radio News Service

Joost, Nathalie: WTTG-Fox Television

Jordan, Rosiland: NBC News

Joseph, Akilah N.: ABC News

Joslyn, James: WUSA-TV

Jouffriault, Pascal: Freelance

Joya, Steve E.: ABC News

Joyce, Christopher: National Public Radio

Joyce, Christopher C.: NBC News

Juenger, Georg: German Television/ZDF

Juergens, Hans P.: NBC News

Juginovic, Jana: CTV-Canadian Television

[[Page 982]]

Kahn, Michael W.: AP-Broadcast

Kaminsky, Allison: NBC News

Kanawati, Balajia: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Kane, James F.: ABC News

Kanehira, Shigenori: Tokyo Broadcasting

Kaplan, William: Freelance

Kara-Murza, Vladimirz: RTVI

Kareem, Khaled Abdel: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Karimi, Nazira: Freelance

Karl, Jonathan: ABC News

Karson, Danielle: WAMU-FM

Kast, Sheilah A.: National Public Radio

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Kato, Atsushi, NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Katz, Amy D.: Voice of America

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Katz, Craig: CBS News

Katz, Nai Chian: Phoenix Satellite Television

Kaubfeld, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Kaye, Matthew: The Berns Bureau

Kazama, Shin: Fuji Television

Kearly, Donald: WTTG-Fox Television

Keator, John C.: National Public Radio

Kehoe, Steven: C-SPAN

Kelemen, Michele: National Public Radio

Kelleher, Colleen: WTOP Radio

Kelleher, Kristine: APTN

Kellerman, Mike: SBS Radio (Australia)

Kelley, Alice: German Television/ZDF

Kelley, Daniela: Fox News

Kelley, Jonathan: C-SPAN

Kelley, Pamela: CNN

Kellogg-Wheeler, Ashley: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Kelly, Mary Louise: National Public Radio

Kendall, Megyn: Fox News

Kennedy, Robert: C-SPAN

Kennedy, Suzanne: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kenny, Christopher: CNN

Kenny, Justin: Reuters Television

Kenyon, Linda: SRN News

Kerchner, Eric: ABC News

Kerley, David: ABC News

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Kersey, Philip: Fox News

Kessler, Jonathan: Freelance

Kestenbaum, David: National Public Radio

Ketcham, Lew: C-SPAN

Kettlewell, Christian: APTN

Keyes, Charley: CNN

Khader, Abdel Kareem: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Khader, Ibrahim: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Khananayev, Grigory: Fox News

Kharel, Ram C.: Sagarmatha Television

Kidd, Sally F.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kidd, Susan M.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Kiernan, Ryan: NBC News

Kiker, Douglas: CBS News

Killion, Nikole: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kim, Caitlyn: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Kim, Sung Joon: Seoul Broadcasting System

Kim, Yonho: Radio Free Asia

Kindestin, Jared: CTV-Canadian Television

King, Gregory: WETA-TV

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kevin G.: WUSA-TV

Kinlaw, Worth: CNN

Kinney, George P.: CNN

Kinney, Laura: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kinney, Michael: Freelance

Kirk, Beverly: National Public Radio

Kirsch Burgess, Elizabeth: ABC News

Kistner, William: Marketplace Radio

Kitanovska, Lilica: Voice of America

Kiyasu, Adilson: CNN

Kizer, James S.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Klayman, Elliot: Freelance

Klein, Christianne: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Klein, Robert: Freelance

Knapp, Timothy: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Knight, Steve: AP-Broadcast

Knight, Terrence: National Public Radio

Knighton, David: C-SPAN

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, James: CNN

Knott, John: ABC News

Knuckles, Georgette: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Koch, Kathleen: CNN

Kojovic, Predrag: Reuters Television

Kokufuda, Kaoru: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Koller, Frank: CBC

Kolodziejczak, Thomas: Tribune Broadcasting

Konrad, Monika: ABC News

Koolhof, Vanessa M.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Korff, Jay: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kornacki, Olga Ramirez: Radio-TV

Kornely, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Kornely, Sharon: Medill News Service

Kos, Martin A.: Freelance

Koslow, Marc: NBC News

Kosnar, Michael J.: NBC News

Kotatori, Beth Anne: CNN

Kotke, Wolfgang: Freelance

Kotuby, Stephanie: CNN

Kovach, Robert S.: CNN

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Krakower, Gary: CNN

Krebs, Joe: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Kreinbihl, Mary: Fox News

Kreindler, Virginia: NBC Newschannel

Kresse, Thaddeus: NBC News

Kretman, Lester A.: NBC News

Kreuz, Greta: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Krupin, David: Freelance

[[Page 983]]

Kruse, Jan Espen: Norwegian Broadcasting

Kube, Courtney: NBC News

Kuczynski, Ronald: CNN

Kuhar, Ivana: Voice of America

Kuhn, Steve: AP-Broadcast

Kuleta, Gene: Metro Networks

Kulkarni, Rohit N.: Voice of America

Kulsziski, Peter: Freelance

Kupper, Carmen: Freelance

Kupperman, Tamara: NBC News

Kur, Robert E.: NBC News

Kurcias, Martin R.: National Public Radio

Kurpershoek, Wouter: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Kwan, Vivian: Radio Free Asia

Kwisnek, Stephanie: Fox News Channel

Kyodo, Atsushi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Kyungwook, Min: Korean Broadcasting System

Laboy, Felix: C-SPAN

Lacey, Donna: Fox News

LaFollette, Marianna: Freelance

Lai, Chun Bon: Radio Free Asia

Lamb, Brian P.: C-SPAN

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

Landay, Woodrow: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landwehr, Arthur: German Public Radio/ARD

Lane, Christopher: WETA-TV

Lane, Grant Kevin: FedNet

Lane, Lisa: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Langley, Kevin D.: National Public Radio

Langmade, Brigette: Cox Broadcasting

Langton, Laurence: Freelance

Lanningham, Kyle: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

Larsen, Gregory: Freelance

Larsen, Joar Hoel: Norwegian Broadcasting

LaSalla, Susan A.: NBC News

Lassen, Kim: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Lau, Hiumei: Radio Free Asia

Laughlin, Ara: Community TV of PG's

Laurent, Arthur: National Public Radio

Lavallee, Michael, Tokyo Broadcasting System

Laville, Molly: C-SPAN

Lawlor, William: WUSA-TV

Lawrence, Mary: WETA-TV

Lazar, Robert: C-SPAN

Lazernik, Ira: WTTG-Fox Television

Leake, Myron A.: CNN

Leamy, Elisabeth: WTTG-Fox Television

LeBlanc, Bertin: CBC

LeCroy, Philip: Fox News

Lee, Daniel N.: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Dong Hyuk: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Edward: WETA-TV

Lee, Jinhee: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Joong Wan: Korean Broadcasting System

Lee, Kwang Chool: Korean Broadcasting System

Lee, Kyu: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Min: Taiwan Television

Lee, Sun Jae: Korean Broadcasting System

Leeds, Larry: Native American Television

Lefebvre, Hilary: CNN

Lehman, Russell: National Public Radio

Lehrer, Jim: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lehrman, Margaret: NBC News

Leidelmeyer, Ronald: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Leiken, Katherine: Freelance

Leissner, Janet: CBS News

Leist, Elizabeth: NBC News

LeMay, Gabriel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lendzian, Kay: German Television/ZDF

Lent, David: Freelance

Lentz, Ruediger: Deutsche Welle Television

Leong, Dexter: Freelance

Leong, H. Ming: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Levine, Adam: CNN

Levine, Michael: Fox News

Levine, Solomon: Freelance

Levinson, Molly: CNN

Lewine, Frances L.: CNN

Lewis, Aaron T.: CNN

Lewis, Edward: Fox News

Lewis, Jerry S.: WETA-TV

Lewis, John B.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lewis, Libby: National Public Radio

Lewnes, Lisa: Reuters Television

Li, Bing: Washington Chinese Television

Li, Denise: CBS News

Li, Yue: Radio Free Asia

Liao, Xiao Qiang: Radio Free Asia

Libretto, John: NBC News

Lien, Arthur: NBC News

Lien, Jonathan: CBS News

Likowski, Alexander: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lilleston, Kristi King: WTOP Radio

Lilling, Dave: Court TV (Metro Teleproductions)

Limbach, Francis J.: AP-Broadcast

Lincoln, Diane: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lindblom, Mark: C-SPAN

Linden, Kim: CNN

Lindesay, Mark A.: Belo Capital Bureau

Linker, Ron: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Lisle, John D.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Liss, Sharon Kehnemui: Fox News

Little, Craig: WTTG-Fox Television

Little, Walter: Bloomberg Television

Littleton, Philip: CNN

Litzenblatt, Seth: KTUU-TV (NBC)

Litzinger, Samuel: WAMU-FM

Liu, Ted: Radio Free Asia

Liu, Wei-Ming: Washington Chinese Television

[[Page 984]]

Liu, Libo: Voice of America

Liushar, Cideng: Radio Free Asia

Lively, Lydia: NBC News

Lodoe, Kalden: Radio Free Asia

Loebach, Joseph W.: NBC News

Loeschke, Paul: C-SPAN

Loew, Raimund: Austrian Radio & TV/ORF

Loftus, Kevin: Freelance

Logan, Charles: C-SPAN

Lomax, Malik: Freelance

Londres, Eduardo: Bloomberg Television

Long, James V.: NBC News

Loomans, Kathryn: AP-Broadcast

Loomis, Joseph: Washington Bureau News Service

Loper, Catherine: Fox News

Lopez, Edwing: Azteca America

Lopez, Myra B.: AP-Broadcast

Lopez, Rene: KTUU-TV (NBC)

Lopez-Isa, Anthony S.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Lora, Willie A.: CNN

Lord, Bill: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lorek, Stanley: ABC News

Lormand, John: SRN News

Loucks, William: CBC

Lowe, Matthew: CBS News

Lowman, Wayne: Fox News

Lu, Lucy: Radio Free Asia

Lucas, Dave: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lucas, Tony: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lucchini, Maria Rosa: Univision News

Luck, David: C-SPAN

Ludwig, Robert: WETA-TV

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Luhn, Laurie: Fox News

Lukas, Jayne: Freelance

Lumpkin, Beverley C: ABC News

Lurch, Jr., David L.: NBC News

Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Television

Lutz, Ellsworth: ABC News

Luzquinos, Julio: Freelance

Ly, Sherri: WTTG-Fox Television

Lyles, Brigitte: Fox News

Lynch, Dotty: CBS News

Lynch, Kathryn: CNN

Lyon, Michael: Fox News

MacDonald, Jim: CTV-Canadian Television

MacDonald, Neil: CBC

MacHamer, Lessandra: NBC News

Machin, Carmelo: T.V.E./Spanish Public Television

Macholz, Wolfgang: German Television/ZDF

MacKay, Elizabeth: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

MacNeil, Lachlan Murdoch: ABC News

MacSpadden, Ian: Reuters Television

Madorma, Tracey: Fox News

Maeder, Rudolf: Swiss Broadcasting

Maer, Peter: CBS News

Maggiolo, Vito: CNN

Mahdawi, Nezam: ABU-DHABI Television

Mahoney, Simon: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Majchrowitz, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

Makori, Vincent: Voice of America

Malakoff, David Aram: National Public Radio

Malbon, Joy: CTV-Canadian Television

Malkie, Paul: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Malloy, Brian: CBC

Malone, Fred: NBC News

Malone, James: Voice of America

Maltas, Michael: CNN

Mancini, Elizabeth: WTTG-Fox Television

Mandelson, Adam: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Mann, Jonathon: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Manning, Jason: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mannos, Sofia: AP-Broadcast

Maranho, Jose: C-SPAN

Marantz, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Marchione, Mark Anthony: CNN

Marchitto, J. Thomas: Freelance

Marks, Simon: Feature Story News

Marlantes, Liz: ABC News

Marno, Michael: Fox News

Marquardt, Ursula: German Television/ZDF

Marques, Antonio: Freelance

Marquez, Laura: ABC News

Marriott, Mai: Freelance

Marriott, Marc: Freelance

Marriott, Michael: CBS News

Marshall, Steven: CBS News

Martin, David: CBS News

Martin Ewing, Samara: WUSA-TV

Martin, Gail: FDCH E-Media, Inc.

Martin, Jr., James: ABC News

Martin, Wisdom: WTTG-Fox Television

Martinez, Luis: ABC News

Martinez, Sandra: CNN

Martinez, Tina Marie: Fox News

Martinez-Bustos, Lilliam: Telemundo Network

Martino, Jeffrey: Freelance

Mason, Cecelia, W.V.: Public Broadcasting

Mathers, Alexandra: CBS News

Mathieu, Joe: CBS Marketwatch

Matkosky, Timothy: WBAL-TV

Matsuyama, Toshiyuki: Fuji Television

Mattesky, Thomas A.: CBS News

Matthews, Claude L.: Freelance

Matthews, Kathleen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Ronald H.: CBS News

Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

Maxwell, Darraine: ABC News

Mayer, Charles: National Public Radio

Mayer, Petra: National Public Radio

Mayes, Michael: WETA-TV

Maylett, Chris: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

[[Page 985]]

Mayr, Sonia, German Television/ARD

Mazariegos, Mark, BET Nightly News

McAllister, Ian: Community TV of PG's

McCaffrey, Frank: Fox News

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean: C-SPAN

McCannon, Patrice: Freelance

McCarren, Andrea: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McCarty, Dennis: Freelance

McCarty, Jay: Freelance

McCarthy, Kate: C-SPAN

McCarthy, Lark: WTTG-Fox Television

McCash, Douglas: Freelance

McCaughan, Timothy: CNN

McClam, Kevin: Fox News

McCleery, Kathleen: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

McClellan, Max: CBS News

McCloskey, George: Fox News

McClure, Tipp K.: Reuters Television

McClurkin, Donald: WETA-TV

McConnell, Dave: WTOP Radio

McCown, Gregory W.: ABC News

McCrae, Angela: Freelance

McCutchen, Yolanda: NBC News

McDermott, Frank: WUSA-TV

McDermott, Richard: NBC Newschannel

McDermott, Todd: WUSA-TV

McDevitt, Rebecca: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McDonald, Mark: CNC/Capitol News Connection

McEachin, Johnny: Freelance

McFadden, Kerith: CNN

McFarland, Patty: Freelance

McGarrity, Gerard: C-SPAN

McGarvy, Sean: WTTG-Fox Television

McGinn, Anne: Fox News

McGinty, Derek G.: WUSA-TV

McGlinchy, James: CBS News

McGrath, Megan: WRC-TV/NBC-4

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGraw, William: CNN

McGreevy, Allen: BBC

McGriff, Kathryn: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McGuire, Bradley: C-SPAN

McGuire, Lorna: WTTG-Fox Television

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McHenry, Bob: Freelance

McIntosh, Denise: CNN

McKelway, Douglas: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McKenna, Patrick T.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

McKinley, Karen: NBC News

McKinley, Robert: CBS News

McKnight, William: WUSA-TV

McLellan, Daniel J.: Freelance

McMahon, Robert: Radio Free Europe

McManamon, Erin T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

McManus, Kevin A.: Freelance

McManus, Michael: CNN

McManus, Nicole: NBC Newschannel

McMartin, Philip: AGDAY

McMichael IV, Samuel J.: CNN

McMinn, Nan Hee: Washington News Network

McMullan, Michael: Freelance

McNamara, Melissa: CNN

McQuay, William: National Public Radio

McQueen Martin, Michel: ABC News

Means, Jeffrey Wendell: Voice of America

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William: CNN

Mebane, Martinez: NBC News

Mebane, William T.: National Public Radio

Meeks, Brock: MSNBC

Meghani, Sagar: AP-Broadcast

Mehrpore, Abdul Rauf: Voice of America

Meier, Christiane: German Television/ARD

Meier, Markus: N-TV News Television

Melendy, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Melhem, Richard Y.: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Melia, Michael K.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mellman, Ira: WTOP Radio

Meltzer, Ari: ABC News

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision News

Mercurio, John: CNN

Merideth, Lila: Fox News

Merobshoev, Seeno: C-SPAN

Merrill, Robert: MSNBC

Merritt II, Marshall D.: The Washington Bureau

Meserve, Jeanne: CNN

Messer, Christopher: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Metil, Adrienne: WTOP Radio

Metzger, Edward: CNN

Meyer, Jill Rosenbaum: CBS News

Meyer, Kerry: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Meyer, Lisa: AP-Broadcast

Meyer, Richard: CBS News

Meyerdirk, Kimberly Ann: FDCH E-Media, Inc.

Meyers, Karen: WTTG-Fox Television

Michael, Buchanan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Michael, Michelle M.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Michaud, Robert: Belo Capital Bureau

Michel, Theresa: C-SPAN

Mie, Ayako: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Mikus, Andrea: SRN News

Milenic, Alexander: Freelance

Miles Jackson, Dayna-Marie: CBN News

Milford, Robert H.: Mobile Video Services

Miliano, Rugiero: CBS RADIO

Miller, Andrew P.: C-SPAN

Miller, Annette L.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Avery: ABC News

Miller, Elizabeth P.: BBC

Miller, Michael: Fox News

Miller, Mitchell: WTOP Radio

Miller, Richard F.: Talk Radio News Service

[[Page 986]]

Miller-Muro, Gil: Freelance

Mills, Jim: Fox News

Mills, Kate: C-SPAN

Mills, Lyle Wayne: Sinclair Broadcasting Group

Mills, Susan L.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Milne, Claudia: BBC

Minard, Nathalie: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Minner, Richard: NBC News

Minor, Rodney Lee: FedNet

Minott, Gloria: WPFW-FM

Mishkin, Jay: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Misol, Hannah: National Public Radio

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitchell, Russell James: Voice of America

Mitnick, Steven E.: Freelance

Miyake, Yuko: TV Tokyo

Mizell, Shannon Scott: NBC News

Mock, Thomas: C-SPAN

Mohen, Peter: CNN

Moire, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Molineaux, Diana: Radio Marti

Mollet, Melissa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Monack, David: C-SPAN

Mong, Bryan: Freelance

Monk, Kathleen: CTV-Canadian Television

Montague, William: Global TV Canada

Monte-Bovi, Paul: WUSA-TV

Montenegro, Lori: Telemundo Network

Montenegro, Norma: Univision News

Mooar, Brian: NBC Newschannel

Moolenaar, Marjan: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Moore, Dennis: Need to Know News

Moore, Garrette: C-SPAN

Moore, Linwood: C-SPAN

Moore, Robert: Independent Television News (ITN)

Moore, Terrence: Metro Networks

Moore, W. Harrison: Middle East Television Network

Moorhead, Jeremy: CNN

Moran, Terence P.: ABC News

Morano, Marc, CNSNews.com

Morgan, Nancy Gerstman: WETA-TV

Morgan, Parris: National Public Radio

Morrell, Geoff: ABC News

Morris, Amy: WTOP Radio

Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

Morris, Peter: CNN

Morrisette, Roland: Bloomberg Television

Morrison, Bridget: C-SPAN

Morrison, Jill: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Morse, Rick: CNN

Morton, Bruce: CNN

Morton, Dan: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: TF1 French Television

Moser, Rebecca: Hearst-Argyle Television

Moses, Lester: NBC News

Mosettig, Michael D.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mosley, Matthew: Fuji Television

Moubray, Virginia A.: Freelance

Mountcastle, Katharine: CBS News

Mueller, John: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News

Muhammad, Seleena M.: Fox News

Muir, Robert: Reuters Television

Munoz, Luis: Middle East Television Network

Muratani, Tateki: Freelance

Murray, Andrew: C-SPAN

Murphy, Frederick R.: Freelance

Murphy, John: CBS News

Murphy, Kathleen: Stateline.org

Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Murray, Mark: NBC News

Murray, Matthew: Tribune Broadcasting

Murphy, Richard D.: WTTG-Fox Television

Murphy, Terence: C-SPAN

Murphy, Thomas: CNN

Murphy, Victor: WUSA-TV

Mursa, Alexander: Freelance

Mursa, Christina Marie: APTN

Murtaugh, Peter: BBC

Muse, Lowell: National Public Radio

Muse, Pat Lawson: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Musha, Masami, NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Muskat, Steven: NBC Newschannel

Muturi, Muthoni: National Public Radio

Myers, Lisa M.: NBC News

Namgyal, Tseten: Radio Free Asia

Napier, Joyce: CBC

Napshin, Jeff: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Narahari, Priya: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Nash, John C.: WETA-TV

Nason, Andrew: C-SPAN

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Neal, Jason W.: NBC News

Neapolitan, Michael: Freelance

Neary, Lynn: National Public Radio

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Nelson, Christopher: National Public Radio

Nelson, Deborah: CNN

Nelson, James: Fox News

Nelson, Jeffrey: NBC News

Nelson, Joseph: Washington Bureau News Service

Nelson, Suzanne: CNN

Neto, Joaquim: Mobile Video Services

Neustadt, James J.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Nevins, Elizabeth: NBC News

Newberry, Tom: NBC Newschannel

Ng, Louise: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, An: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, Anh: Freelance

Nguyen, Bich-Ha: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, Dien M.: Radio Free Asia

Nichols, James R.: WUSA-TV

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

[[Page 987]]

Nieuwendijk, Hans van den: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Niiler, Eric: Freelance

Nikuradze, David: Rustavi-2 Broadcasting Company

Niland, Martin: AP-Broadcast

Nilsson, Marco: Swedish Broadcasting

Ninan, Reena: Fox News

Nishiumi, Setsu: Fuji Television

Nixon, Chuck: WETA-TV

Nocciolo, Ernest G.: CNN

Noce, Julie: Swiss Broadcasting

Nohelty, Russell: The Washington Bureau

Nolen, John: CBS News

Norins, Jamie: Potomac Television

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard: Freelance

Norris, Christopher: Nightly Business Report

Norris, Donna: C-SPAN

Norris, James: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Norris, James F.: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Norris, Michele: National Public Radio

Northam, Jackie: National Public Radio

Novack, Christopher: Tribune Broadcasting

Novy, Michele: Fox News

Nugroho, Irawan: Voice of America

Nurenberg, Gary: Freelance

Nurnberger, Lisa: WAMU-FM

Nwazota, Kristina: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Nyland, Andrew: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Oberti, Ralf: Television Nacional De Chile (TVN)

O'Brien, David: Freelance

Och, P. Andrew: Fox News

O'Connell, Benjamin: C-SPAN

O'Connell, Mike: NBC Newschannel

O'Connor, Thomas W.: Freelance

Odom, Quillie: Fox News

O'Donnell, Barry: East Coast Television

O'Donnell, Norah: NBC News

O'Donnell, Patrick: Freelance

Offermann, Claudia: German Television/ZDF

Ogata, Kerry: CNN

O'Hanlon, Maikel: C-SPAN

O'Hara, Victoria: National Public Radio

Oko, Jennifer Cohen: CBS News

Okpotor, Faith: NBC News

O'Leary, Lizzie: National Public Radio

Olick, Diana, CNBC

Oliger, Brian: WTOP Radio

Oliver, LaFontaine: Radio One

Ong, Linh: German Television/ARD

Ono, Mari, NHK-Japan Broadcasting

O'Regan, Michael: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

Orr, K. Robert: CBS News

Osborne, Kyle: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

O'Shea, Daniel J.: Freelance

O'Shea, Jennifer Lynn: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Osinski, Krystyna: Freelance

Ota, Kazuhiko: TV Asahi

O'Toole, Quinn: National Public Radio

Otsuka, Mika: TV Tokyo

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Overdiek, Tim: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Overgaard, Sidsel: WAMU-FM

Overton, Ivan: ABC News

Owen, Andrea: ABC News

Ozsancak, Hakan: APTN

Padilla-Cirino, Mercy: Hispanic Radio Network

Pagan, Louis: AP-Broadcast

Page, David: CBN News

Palacio, Zulima: Voice of America

Palca, Joe: National Public Radio

Pande, Aru: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Panzer, Chester: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Papadopoulos, Alexander: Mobile Video Services

Pappas, Icarus N. (Ike): Washington News Network

Parenti, Alisa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Parham, Kyneesha: C-SPAN

Park, Sarah Lee: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Parker, Andre: CNN

Parker, Beth: WTTG-Fox Television

Parker, Julie: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Parker, Robert Geoffrey: CNN

Parker, Serena Ravenel: Voice of America

Parshall, Janet: SRN News

Parshall, Sam: SRN News

Pasternak, Douglas S.: NBC News

Pastre, Dominique: Fox News

Patel, Sital S.: CNN

Patricia McDonald, Natashka: Freelance

Patrick, Daniel: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Patruznick, Michael: C-SPAN

Patterson, Jay E.: ABC News

Pauls, Hartmut: Freelance

Paxton, Bradford S.: Fox News

Payne, Aaron C.: CNN

Payne, Nathan: CNN

Payne, Scott: Freelance

Peacock, Grant: Freelance

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Television

Pearlman, Shana: Fox News

Pearson, Alysia: CNN

Pearson, Bryan: CNN

Pearson, Hampton, CNBC

Peck, Lauren: CBS News

Peltier, Yves: CBC

Pena, Celinda: WUSA-TV

Penaloza, Marisa: National Public Radio

Penniman, Judy: ABC News

Pennybacker, Gail: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Pergram, Chad: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Perkins, Douglas: Hearst-Argyle Television

[[Page 988]]

Perkins, Vernon: C-SPAN

Perlmeter, Alan: WETA-TV

Perry, Andrea: C-SPAN

Perry, Michelle: NBC News

Perry, Timothy: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Persky, Anna: Fox News

Peters, Ron: WUSA-TV

Peterson, Gordon: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Peterson, James P.: Freelance

Peterson, Karen: WUSA-TV

Peterson, Kavan: Stateline.org

Peterson, Michael: CBS News

Peterson, Rebecca: CBS News

Peterson, Robert: Freelance

Petras, William: NBC News

Pettigrew, Sharon Rae: WTOP Radio

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Pettit, Susan: CNN

Peyton, Michael: CBS News

Pfotzer, Elizabeth: C-SPAN

Pham, Jacqueline: Fox News

Phillips, Gurvir Dhindsa: WTTG-Fox Television

Phillips, Steven: Reuters Television

Pickett, Paul: C-SPAN

Pickup, Michael: ABC News

Pierce, Maura: C-SPAN

Piette, Didier: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Piltz, Eberhard: German Television/ZDF

Pimble, William H.: CBS Radio

Pinczuk, Murray: Freelance

Pinzon, Wingel, Telemundo Network

Pinzon, Wingel G., Telemundo Network

Pitocco, Nickolas: C-SPAN

Pitra, Katharine: NBC News

Pizarro, Fernando, Univision News

Placie, Jordan: CNN

Plante, Gilles: CBC

Plante, William: CBS News

Plater, Christopher: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Plater, Roz: WTTG-Fox Television

Pless, Stephen: CNN

Pliszak, Richard K.: ABC News

Plotkin, Mark: WTOP Radio

Plummer, Keith: Freelance

Poduch, Shelby: Freelance

Poley, Michael: CNN

Polly, Fabio: Austrian Radio & TV/ORF

Popkin, James K.: NBC News

Popp, Rena: WTTG-Fox Television

Porsella, Claude L.: Radio France Internationale

Porter, Almon: C-SPAN

Porter, Catherine: ABC News

Porter, Christina: C-SPAN

Porter, Taylor: C-SPAN

Posey, Luther: CBS News

Potisk, Steven: AP-Broadcast

Potter, Deidre: C-SPAN

Potts, Tracie: NBC Newschannel

Powell, Dennis: ABC News

Powell, Shannon: WTTG-Fox Television

Pozniak, Stephen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Prakash, Snigdha: National Public Radio

Prasad, William: Freelance

Pratt, James: WUSA-TV

Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

Press, Robert: Bloomberg Radio (WBBR)

Presto, Suzanne: Voice of America

Presutti, Carolyn: Cox Broadcasting

Primmer, Ryan: Potomac Television

Priscilla, Huff: Feature Story News

Pronko, Tony: C-SPAN

Puckett, Richard: Freelance

Pugh, Kari: WUSA-TV

Pugliese, Pat, CNBC

Quijano, Elaine: CNN

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, Jacqueline D.: AP-Broadcast

Quinn, John D.: Voice of America

Quinn, Mary: ABC News

Quinnette, John J.: Freelance

Quinonez, Omar: Freelance

Quiroz, Silvana: Hispanic Radio Network

Rabbage, Mark: BBC

Rabin, Carrie: CBS News

Racki, Jason D.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Rad, Ali: Freelance

Raffaele, Robert: Voice of America

Raffaelli, Jr., Stephen A.: FedNet

Rager, Bryan: Reuters Television

Rahman, Syed Ziaur: Voice of America

Rahmati, Jeff: Bloomberg Television

Ramirez, Edwin, Univision News

Ramirez, Max: Telemundo Network

Ramon, Jr., Fausto: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Ramos, Raul: Univision News

Rampy, R. Grant: Tribune Broadcasting

Randle, Jim: Voice of America

Rarey, Richard Howell: National Public Radio

Rathner, Jeffrey: WETA-TV

Ratliff, Walter: APTN

Ratner, Ellen: Talk Radio News Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Raval, Nikhil: C-SPAN

Raviv, Daniel: CBS News

Ray, Alonzo: NBC News

Ray, Diana: BBC

Ray, Elizabeth: CNN

Ray, James D.: AP-Broadcast

Ray, John Christophe: C-SPAN

Ray, Nicholas J.: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Reagan, Cheryl: Federal News Service

Reals, Gary: WUSA-TV

Reals, Tucker: APTN

[[Page 989]]

Reaume, Gregory: CBC

Reaux, Richard J.: Freelance

Redding, William: ABC News

Reddy, Kankali: C-SPAN

Redisch, Stuart S.: CNN

Redman, Justine: CNN

Reeb, Troy: Global TV Canada

Reed, Josephine: Interfaith Voices

Reese, Orla: AP-Broadcast

Reeve, Richard: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Regan, James: C-SPAN

Reich, Sharon: Freelance

Reid, Brian M.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Reid, Chip: NBC News

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reimann, Fritz: Swiss Broadcasting

Reinsel, Ed: Freelance

Reise, Hans-Peter: German Television/ARD

Remillard, Michele: Fox News

Renken, David: Fox News

Rensberger, Scott: TV2-Denmark

Repke, Amy: WUSA-TV

Reyes, Malissa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Reyes, Victor, Telemundo Network

Reynolds, Andrew: National Public Radio

Reynolds, Judy: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Reynolds, Robert: CNBC

Reynolds, Talesha: ABC News

Rhode, Leslie Cook: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rhodes, Elizabeth: Fox News

Ricciuti, Leah: ABC News

Rice, Alan: NBC News

Richard, Sylvain: CBC

Rickard, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Ridgeway, David: C-SPAN

Rieger, Wendy: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Riess, Steffanie: German Television/ZDF

Riesser, Daniel: Freelance

Riha, Anne Marie: Fox News

Riner, Corbett: Fox News

Rinne, Jessica: Hearst-Argyle Television

Ritchie, Thomas: APTN

Rivero, Raul Jorge: WUSA-TV

Rivers, Jerome: Community TV of PG's

Roach, Amy: C-SPAN

Roane-Skehan, Andrea: WUSA-TV

Robbins, Diana: ARD German Radio NDR/WDR

Robbins, Francisco: CBS News

Robbins, Mark: WETA-TV

Robbins, Michael: Fox News

Robbins, Sarah: BBC

Roberts, Corinne B.: ABC News

Roberts, Diane: Freelance

Roberts, Jean Pierre: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Roberts, Nathan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Roberts, Susan: CBS News

Robertson, Greg: CNN

Robertson, John: CBS News

Robertson, Laura: CBN News

Robinson, Daniel: Voice of America

Robinson, David: CNN

Robinson, Douglas: Austrian Radio & TV/ORF

Robinson, Earle: Freelance

Robinson, Laura: CNN

Robinson, Margaret: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Robinson, Querry: Fox News

Roca, Xavier, TVE/Television of Spain

Rochelle, Carl: Freelance

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rockwell, Kelly: CBS News

Rodriguez, Eduardo: T.V.E./Spanish Public Television

Rodriguez, Janet: CNN

Rodriguez, Martine: C-SPAN

Rogers, Lauren: ABC News

Rohrbeck, Douglas: Fox News

Rojas, Carlos: ABC News

Rokus, Brian: CNN

Roland, Abu Bakr: ABC News

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC Newschannel

Romilly, George: ABC News

Roof, Peter: Freelance

Rooney, Alissa: CNN

Root, Sean L.: WUSA-TV

Rose, Floyd T.: Freelance

Rose, Jeff: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rose, Joseph: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rose, Raymond: NBC News

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosen, Amy: Bloomberg Television

Rosen, James: Fox News

Rosen, Rachel: CNN

Rosenbaum, Peter: Mobile Video Services

Rosenbaum, Thea: German Television/ARD

Rosenberg, Gary: ABC News

Rosenberg, Howard L.: ABC News

Rosenberg, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Rosenfelder, Michael: APTN

Rosewicz, Barbara: Stateline.org

Rosgaard, Jessica: CNN

Ross, Lee: Fox News

Rossetti-Meyer, Misa: Diversified Communications, Inc.

Roston, Aram: NBC News

Rotchford, Karin: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Roth, Johnie F.: NBC News

Rowe, Hildrun: German Television/ZDF

Royce, Lindy: CNN

Roycraft, David: WUSA-TV

Ruby, Tracy: C-SPAN

Rucci, Susan Ruth: CBS News

Rudd, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rudin, Ken: National Public Radio

Rueggeberg, Claudia Anke: German 
Television/ZDF

[[Page 990]]

Ruff, David W.: CNN

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Rugman, Jonathan A.: Independent Television News (ITN)

Rupert, Jr., Gerald: House Radio-TV Gallery

Rushfield, Stuart: National Public Radio

Rushing, Ian: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Russell, Angela: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Russell, David A.: CNN

Russell, Roxanne: CBS News

Russert, Timothy: NBC News

Russo, Jay R.: ABC News

Rust, Emily: CNN

Rutherford, John H.: NBC News

Ryan, Jason: ABC News

Ryan, Jennifer: WUSA-TV

Ryan, Marty: Fox News

Ryan, Mike: Potomac Television

Rynn, Kathleen R.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rysak, F. David: WTTG-Fox Television

Saad, Layelle: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Sabo, Lara: Belo Capital Bureau

Sacks, Howard: NBC News

Saffelle, Jeffrey Lynn: Global TV Canada

Sagalyn, Daniel: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Saint-Rossy, Karen: CBS News

Sakota, Alija: WUSA-TV

Sala, Salvador: Catalunya TV/TV3 **

Sala, Salvador: Catalan Television

Sales, Leigh: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Salih, Sharief: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Salkoff, Brooke Hart: NBC Newschannel

Sallette, Joseph: BBC

Saltz, Michael: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Salzman, Eric: CBS News

Samaniego, Stephen: CNN

Sampaio, Frederico: C-SPAN

Sampy, David: Independent Television News (ITN)

Samuel, Maia T.: NBC News

Sanchez, Claudio: National Public Radio

Sanchez, George D.: ABC News

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision News

Sandell, Clayton D.: ABC News

Sanders, Molly: C-SPAN

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sandiford, Michele: C-SPAN

Sanfuentes, Jose A.: NBC News

Santer, Sarah: Fox News

Santos, Jeff: Hispanic Radio Network

Santos, Jose G.: CNN

Saray-Yim, Chanlee: Diversified Communications, Inc.. (DCI)

Sargent, Mark: WTTG-Fox Television

Sarkisian, Vatche: Middle East Television Network (Alhurra)

Sarvamaa, Petri: Finnish Broadcasting/YLE

Sasek, Robert J.: Freelance

Sasson, Aaron: NBC News

Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

Sato, Keiichi: Nippon TV Network

Sato, Setsuko: National Public Radio

Savage, Craig: Fox News

Sawka, Andrew: Nippon TV Network

Scanlon, Jason: Fox News

Scanlon, Mary: C-SPAN

Scanlan, William: C-SPAN

Scarrah, Kathie: Freelance

Schaff, Michael: CBN News

Schalch, Kathleen: National Public Radio

Schall, Fred: Freelance

Schantz, Douglas N.: CNN

Schantz, Kristine: CNN

Scharf, Jason: APTN

Scherer, David: CNN

Scheschkewitz, Daniel: Deutsche Welle Television

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Scheuer, Stefan: German Television/ARD

Schieffer, Bob: CBS News

Schindler, Max: NBC News

Schlachter, Terese: Freelance

Schlegel, Barry C.: CNN

Schleicher, Anne: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Schloemer, Hans-Peter: Freelance

Schlosberg, Andrew: TV Tokyo

Schmidt-Massey, Emily: WUSA-TV

Schmiester, Carsten: ARD German Radio 
NDR/WDR

Schoenholtz, Howard: ABC News

Schoenmann, Donald: Freelance

Scholl, Christopher: NBC News

Schonche, Didrik: National Public Radio

Schott, Soniaz: Radio Valera Venezuela

Schuiten, Jeroen: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Schule, James R.: Fox News

Schulken, Sonja Deaner: Tribune Broadcasting

Schultz, Teri: Fox News

Schultz-Burkel, Gunnar: German Broadcasting Systems/ARD

Schultze, F. Kevin: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Schumaker-Shokraei, Carrie: AP-Broadcast

Schur, Paul: Fox News

Schwarte, Georg: ARD German Radio NDR/WDR

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Schweitzer, Murray H.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Schweppe, Michael: National Public Radio

Scicchitano, Carmine: NBC News

Scott, Graham: Austrian Radio & TV/ORF

Scott, Harry Lee: Radio Free Asia

Scott, Ivan: Freelance

Scott, Ivan, KGO RADIO

Scott, Linda J.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Scott, Sarah: Freelance

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Seabrook, Willliam: WETA-TV

[[Page 991]]

Seabrook, Andrea: National Public Radio

Seaby, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Sears, Carl V.: NBC News

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Segraves, Mark: WTOP Radio

Seidman, Joel: NBC News

Seium, Michael, Washington News Network

Seldin, Jeffrey: WTOP Radio

Selma, Reginald G.: CNN

Sera, Frederick: ABC News

Serensits, Joseph: ABC News

Sergueev, Vladimir: RTVI

Sermeus, Erin: CNN

Settele, Hanno: Austrian Radio & TV/ORF

Sewell, Leslie: Freelance

Seymour, Allison: WTTG-Fox Television

Shaffir, Gregory: CBS News

Shaffir, Kimberlee: CBS News

Shah, Sayed S.: Voice of America

Shah, Sima: C-SPAN

Shalhoup, Joseph: NBC News

Shand, Susan: Freelance

Shand, Christina: Fox News

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Shannon, Holly: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Shapiro, Joseph: National Public Radio

Sharon, Adam: Talk Radio News Service

Shaughnessy, Lawrence: CNN

Shaw, Benjamin H.: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Shaw, Cathy: National Public Radio

Shaw, Larry: ABC News

Shedrick, Daniel: APTN

Shelton, Steve: Fox News

Shenk, Samantha: CBS News

Sheppard, Holly B.: WUSA-TV

Shepherd, Sarah: CNN

Shepherd, Shawna: CNN

Sheridan, Chris: CBS News

Sherwood, Tom: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Shifflet, Mandi: Fox News

Shih, Che-Wei: TVBS

Shikaki, Muna: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Shimada, Masaaki: TV Tokyo

Shine, Thomas Andrew: ABC News

Shipman, Claire: ABC News

Shire, Robert: Viewpoint Communications

Shively, Caroline: Fox News

Shlemon, Chris: Independent Television News (ITN)

Shockley, Milton T.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Shoffner, Harry: Freelance

Shogren, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Shon, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

Shortt, Robert: Irish Radio and Television (RTE)

Shott, David: Fox News

Shovelan, John: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Showalter, Misty: WTTG-Fox Television

Showell, Andre, BET Nightly News

Shukhin, Daniel: National Public Radio

Shull, Roger: Reuters Television

Sides, James E.: C-SPAN

Siegel, Robert C.: National Public Radio

Siegfriedt, Anita: Fox News

Sierra, Joann: CNN

Silberbrandt, Allan: TV2-Denmark

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Sileo, Thomas: Tribune Broadcasting

Sills, Cecil John: NBC Newschannel

Silman, Jimmie: WUSA-TV

Silva-Pinto, Lauren: Austrian Radio & TV/ORF

Silver, Darwin: WETA-TV

Silver, David: Freelance

Silver, Diane: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Silver, Tiffany: C-SPAN

Silver, Torri: Community TV of PG's

Silverberg, Hank: WTOP Radio

Silverman, Ari: National Public Radio

Silverstein, Matthew J.: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Simeone, Nick: Fox News

Simeone, Ronald: Freelance

Simkins, Chris: Voice of America

Simkin, Mark: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Simmons, Y. Sean: Freelance

Simms, Jeffery: CNN

Simpson, Gary: C-SPAN

Simpson, Shelley A.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Sirgany, Aleen: CBS News

Sisco, Paul: Freelance

Sisco, Paul: Voice of America

Sit, David C.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Skeans, Ronald M.: BBC

Skomal, Paul: Freelance

Slafka, Kristi: C-SPAN

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg Television

Slawinska, Katarzyna: TVN Poland

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slie, Charles: Freelance

Sloane, Ward C.: CBS News

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Slone, James: C-SPAN

Small, Matt: AP-Broadcast

Small, William: Bloomberg Radio (WBBR)

Smith, Ashley: Fox News

Smith, Cindy: ABC News

Smith, Cynthia: ABC News

Smith, Graham: National Public Radio

Smith, Heather: Fox News

Smith, Hedrick: Freelance

Smith, James E.: ABC News

Smith, Jason H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Michael J.: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Smith, Phillip: Belo Capital Bureau

[[Page 992]]

Smith, Scott D.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Smith, Shirley O'Bryan: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Terence: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Smith, William B.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snow, Robbie B.: Washington Bureau News Service

Snow, Tony: Fox News

Sockowitz, Ira: Washington News Network

Soh, June: Voice of America

Solorzano, Gilbert: Freelance

Sonderegger, Evan: SRN News

Sorenson, Randall: Freelance

Soucy, Peggy: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

Southern, Joel L.: Alaska Public Radio Network

Southworth, Cal R.: National Public Radio

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Spector, Teresa: Fox News

Speer, John C.: National Public Radio

Speights, Eric: ABC News

Speiser, Matthew: CNN

Spektor, Eleanor: CNN

Spellman, Jim: CNN

Spence, Patrick: WTOP Radio

Spence, Robert: C-SPAN

Spencer, Darcy: Freelance

Spevak, Joe: WTTG-Fox Television

Spicer, Rebecca Miller: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Spire, Richard H.: CBS News

Spoerry, Philip Scott: CNN

Sponder, Myron: Talk Radio News Service

Sproesser, James M.: East Coast Television

St. James, Gregory: C-SPAN

St. John, Jonathan: CNN

St. Pierre, Christine: CBC

Stadsing, Hans: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Stafford, Ronald: SRN News

Stafford-Walter, Michael: WUSA-TV

Stamberg, Susan L.: National Public Radio

Stanford, David E.: CBS News

Stanford, Kenneth: CNN

Stang, Tim: Bloomberg Television

Stanke, Donald E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Stanley, Randal: WUSA-TV

Stapleton, Marjorie: AP-Broadcast

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Starke, Angela B.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Starks, Bill: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Starling, Alison: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Staton, Thomas: Freelance

Statter, Louis David: WUSA-TV

Staude, Linda: ARD German Radio NDR/WDR

Stavisky, Sandra Bechan: Voice of America

Stay, Daniel J.: Fox News

Stefany, Steve: ABC News

Steinhauser, Paul: CNN

Steo, Austin: Viewpoint Communications

Stepney, Eric: C-SPAN

Stevenson, James: Voice of America

Stevenson, Louis: WTTG-Fox Television

Steverson, Simone: National Public Radio

Stewart, Andrew: SRN News

Stewart, James D.: CBS News

Stewart, Norman: C-SPAN

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stoddard, Rick: C-SPAN

Stone, Evie: National Public Radio

Stone, Jamie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Stoner, Matthew: C-SPAN

Storper, David: C-SPAN

Stout, Matthew: Fox News

Strand, Paul L.: CBN News

Strass, Nina X.: AP-Broadcast

Straub, Terry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Strickler, Laura: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Stringer, Ashley: CNBC

Strong, Jennifer: WAMU-FM

Stubblefield, Abraham: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Stumpo, Donald: WRC-TV

Styles, Julian: CNN

Suarez, Fernando J.: CBS News

Suarez, Rafael A.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Suddeth, Rick: Freelance

Sulasma, Olli-Pekka: Finnish Broadcasting/YLE

Sullivan, Virginia L.: National Public Radio

Summers, Elizabeth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Summers, Patrick: Fox News

Sumrell, John M.: Belo Capital Bureau

Surbey, Jason: C-SPAN

Sussman, Brian: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Sutherland, Leigh: NBC News

Suto, Ena: TV Asahi

Sutton, Todd: NBC Newschannel

Svolopoulos, Christina: Fox News

Swain, Susan M.: C-SPAN

Swain, Todd M.: Mobile Video Services

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Michael: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sweeney, David: National Public Radio

Sweeney, Robert: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sweetapple, Dan: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Sylvester, Lisa: CNN

Syrjanen, Janne: Belo Capital Bureau

Szechenyi, Nicholas: Fuji Television

Szucs, George: Fox News

Tabata, Tadashi: TV Asahi

Tagliaferri, Kelly: C-SPAN

Tait, Ted: BBC

Takahashi, Yusuke: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Tamboli, Jay: Talk Radio News Service

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Television

Tapper, Jake: ABC News

Tasillo, Mary Ellen: Fox News

[[Page 993]]

Tate, Deborah: Voice of America

Tate, Tiffany: BET Nightly News

Tatton, Abbi: CNN

Tavcar, Erik: CNN

Taylor, Allyson Ross: CBS News

Taylor, Brian: C-SPAN

Teboe, Mark E.: Freelance

Taylor, Kenneth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

Tejerina, Pilar: CNN

Tendencia, Editha: Freelance

Tennent, Gerald W.: National Public Radio

Teranishi, Kenji: Nippon TV Network

Terry, Janet: WUSA-TV

Teshima, Harue, NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Teshima, Ryuichi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Tevault, Neil David: National Public Radio

Thai, Xuan: CNBC

Theall, David J.: CNN

Thery, Samara: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Thibault, David, CNSNews.com

Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

Thomas, Amy Jo: ABC News

Thomas, Andrew: Freelance

Thomas, Bert: Fox News

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas III, James B.: CNN

Thomas, Pierre G.: ABC News

Thomas, Renu: The Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Thomas, Sharahn: National Public Radio

Thomas, Will: WTTG-Fox Television

Thompson, Charles: National Public Radio

Thompson, James: C-SPAN

Thompson, Jerry: CNN

Thompson, Jr., Joseph: Freelance

Thompson, Lisa: CNN

Thompson, Melissa A.: The Washington Bureau

Thompson, Nick: NBC Newschannel

Thompson, Ron: Radio One

Thorne, C. Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Thornton, Ronald: NBC News

Till, Morgan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Tiller, Arthur: C-SPAN

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Ai: Nippon TV Network

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Timmons, Kyria: SRN News

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tinnefeld, Norbert: German Television/ARD

Tipper, William: CNN

Toai, Ngo: Radio Free Asia

Tobias, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Todd, Brian: CNN

Todd, Deborah J.: Freelance

Tofani, Jeffrey T.: Voice of America

Tolliver, Terri: WTTG-Fox Television

Toman, George: Freelance

Tomko, Stephen: Video News Service

Tong, Scott: Marketplace Radio

Torgerson, Ande: Fox News

Torpey, Robert: Fox News

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Touhey, Emmanuel: C-SPAN

Toulouse, Anne: Radio France Internationale

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Tremblay, Stephanie: CBC

Trengrove, James: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

Tschida, Stephen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Tso, Chakmo: Radio Free Asia

Tuan, Shih Yuan: TVBS

Tucker, Elke: German Television/ZDF

Tully, Andrew: Radio Free Europe

Tureck, Matthew: NBC Newschannel

Turner, Martin G.: Bloomberg Television

Turner, Al Douglas: ABC News

Turner, Patricia: Fox News

Turner, Renee: NBC News

Turnham, Steve: CNN

Turrell, Elizabeth Ann: ABC News

Tuss, Adam: WTOP Radio

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Tutt, Corey: C-SPAN

Tyler, Brett: CNN

Ubeda, Anna: T.V.E./Spanish Public Television

Uchimiya, Ellen: Fox News

Udenans, Vija: ABC News

Uhl, Kim: CNN

Ulery, Brad: Freelance

Uliano, Richard J.: CNN

Ulloa, Victor: CBS News

Ulmer, Kenya S.: CNN

Ulzby, Neda: National Public Radio

Umeh, Maureen: WTTG-Fox Television

Umrani, Anthony R.: CNN

Urbina, Adrienne: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Urbina, Luis: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Ure, Laurie: CNN

Usaeva, Nadia: Radio Free Asia

Vakili, Mohammad R.: Voice of America

Valcarrel, Gus: APTN

Vallese, Juliette: CNN

Van der Bellen, Erin: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Van Horn, Allan: NBC News

Van Susteren, Greta: Fox News

VanArsdale, Vicki: Bloomberg Radio (WBBR)

Vance, Denise: APTN

Vance, Jim: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Vance, Lauren: WUSA-TV

Vasa, Sampath: WETA-TV

Vassil, Christopher D.: Freelance

Vaughan, Scott: Reuters Television

[[Page 994]]

Vaughan, Vincent: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Vaughn, Michael R.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Vega, Fernando: CNN

Velkovska, Julija: Voice of America

Vennell, Vicki: ABC News

Veronelli, Alessio: Swiss Broadcasting

Vicario, Virginia A.: ABC News

Vicary, Lauren H.: AP-Broadcast

Vigran, Anna: National Public Radio

Villone Garcia, Patricia: Community TV of PG's

Vinson, Bryce: Fox News

Viqueira, Michael J.: NBC News

Visioli, Todd: Fox News

Visley, Andrew G.: AP-Broadcast

Vitorovich, Susan: NBC News

Vizcarra, Mario, Univision News

Vlahos, Kelley Beaucar: Fox News

Vohar, Den: AP-Broadcast

Voth, Charles: WETA-TV

Vu, Tu H.: CNN

Vukmer, David: NBC News

Vyas, Amit: Fox News

Wack, Valerie: CBN News

Wagfi, Wajd: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Wagner, Martin: German Public Radio/ARD

Wagner, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Wahl, Tracy: National Public Radio

Wait, Kevin: National Public Radio

Walde, Thomas: German Television/ZDF

Walker, Brian: APTN

Walker, Darius: CNN

Walker, James William: WJLA-TV/News
channel 8

Walker, Tom: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Walker, William: CBS News

Wallace, Chris: Fox News

Wallace, John L.: Fox News

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Deirdre: CNN

Walsh, Mary E.: CBS News

Walter, Charles: Freelance

Walter, Mike: WUSA-TV

Wang, Yau: Radio Free Asia

Waqfi, Wajd: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Warehime, Keith: C-SPAN

Warner, Craig: CBS News

Warner, Margaret: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Warner, Tarik: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Erick: CBS News

Washington, Ervin: Nightly Business Report

Waters, Hunter: CNN

Watkins, Duane: WTTG-Fox Television

Watrel, Jane: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Watrud, Don: WTTG-Fox Television

Watson, Walter Ray: National Public Radio

Watts, Andrew M.: National Public Radio

Watts, Michael: CNN

Waxler, Gary: Freelance

Weakly, David: NBC News

Webb, David Allen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Webb, Justin: BBC

Webster, Aaron S.: Freelance

Wehinger, Amy: Fox News

Wei, Jing: Phoenix Satellite Television

Weidenbosch, Glenn E.: ABC News

Weilhammer, Francoise: Swiss Broadcasting

Weiner, Eric: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Weinfeld, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Weinstein, Richard: C-SPAN

Weisskopf, Arlene: Freelance

Weldon, Jody: Sinclair Broadcasting Group

Wells Shott, Courtney: Fox News

Welna, David: National Public Radio

Wendy, Carla: Fox News

Werdel, Paul: BBC

Wertheimer, Linda C.: National Public Radio

Wesson, Michael: WTOP Radio

West, Megan: Hearst-Argyle Television

Westervelt, Eric: National Public Radio

Westley, Brian: APTN

White, Edward: Tribune Broadcasting

White, Douglas: ABC News

White, Jason: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Whiteman, Doug: AP-Broadcast

Whiteside, John: Freelance

Whiteside, John P.: Freelance

Whitley, John H.: CBS News

Whitley, Walter: Fox News

Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

Whittington, Christopher: NBC News

Wicai, Hillary: Marketplace Radio

Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

Wiedenbauer, Heidi: Cox Broadcasting

Wiesen, Stefan: Freelance

Wiggins, Christopher: NBC Newschannel

Wik, Snorre: NBC Newschannel

Wilcox, Yuni: Voice of America

Wilk, Sherry: C-SPAN

Wilk, Wendy: Hearst-Argyle Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkins, Tracee: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Williams, Candace A.: Voice of America

Williams, Colleen: Fox News

Williams, David E.: CNN

Williams, Derek: WTOP Radio

Williams, Jeffrey L.: Cox Broadcasting

Williams, John Flawn: National Public Radio

Williams, John A.: Freelance

Williams, Juan: National Public Radio

Williams, Keith: WUSA-TV

Williams, Kenneth E.: CBS News

Williams, Louis A.: NBC News

Williams, Robert T: NBC News

[[Page 995]]

Williams, Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

Williams, Wendell, Metro Networks

Willingham, Dave: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Willis, Judith: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Wilmeth, Mary Dorman: NBC News

Wilner, Elizabeth: NBC News

Wilp, Christian, N-TV News Television

Wilson, Brian: Fox News

Wilson, G. Edwin: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wilson, George: Radio One

Wilson, John: AP-Broadcast

Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

Wilson, Toni: ABC News

Wilson, Traci: Sinclair Broadcasting Group

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Winslow, David: AP-Broadcast

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Winters, Ronald: NBC News

Winthrop, Tony: Freelance

Witte, Joel: WTTG-Fox Television

Witten, Robert: NBC News

Wittstock, Melinda: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Wixted, Kathleen: C-SPAN

Wolf, Zachary B.: ABC News

Wolfe, Lisa: WTOP Radio

Wolfe, Randy: NBC Newschannel

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Paula: Voice of America

Wolfson, Scott: WTTG-Fox Television

Wood, A. Robin: CBS News

Wood, Christopher: C-SPAN

Woodhouse, Edward: C-SPAN

Woodley, Thomas: Fox News

Woodruff, Judy: CNN

Woodward, Thom J.: National Public Radio

Wordock, Colleen: Bloomberg Television

Wordock, John: CBS Marketwatch

Wright, Dale: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wright, Kelly: Fox News

Wright, Tracey Marie: Global TV Canada

Wygal, Scott: NBC News

Xiao, Yanz; Phoenix Satellite Television

Xie, Yanmei: CNC/Capitol News Connection

Yaklyvich, Brian: CNN

Yam, Raymond: Voice of America

Yamada, Nancy M.: WUSA-TV

Yancy, Shawn: WTTG-Fox Television

Yang, Carter: CBS News

Yang, John: ABC News

Yang, Sungwon: Radio Free Asia

Yarmuth, Floyd: CNN

Yates, H. William: CBS News

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio

Ye, Mary: Radio Free Asia

Yeshi, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Yoon, Robert: CNN

Young, Jeffrey A.: National Public Radio/Living on Earth

Young, Jerome: CBN News

Young, Melissa: ABC News

Young, Paul: Freelance

Young, Rick: Freelance

Young, Robert Latimer: C-SPAN

Young, Saundra: CNN

Yu, Tae Kyu: Korean Broadcasting System

Yui, Hideki: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Zaidi, Huma: NBC News

Zajko, Robert T.: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

Zalatimo, Dima: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcasting)

Zang, Guohua: CTI-TV

Zavarce, Pedro: CNN Newsource

Zechar, David: ABC News

Zerehi, Mariam: Fox News

Zervos, Stratis: Freelance

Zhou, Zhou: Phoenix Satellite Television

Zibel, Eve: Fox News

Ziegler, Julia: WTOP Radio

Zilberstein, Shirley: CNN

Zmidzinski, Andrew: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Zongker, Brett M.: AP-Broadcast

Zosso, Elizabeth: Middle East Television Network

Zumwalt, Maya: Fox News

Zwerdling, Daniel: National Public Radio


