

Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), September 2006. - 


Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), September 2006.
[Pages 1009-1023]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--Robert M. Zatkowski.
Assistant Directors: Laura L. Eckart, Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Director.--Edward V. Pesce.
Assistant Directors: Kristyn K. Socknat, Justin Wilson.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Lorraine Woellert, Business 
                                                Week, Chairman
                                            Heidi Glenn, Tax Notes, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Richard E. Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Tim Curran, Roll Call
                                            Douglas Waller, Time 
                                                Magazine
                                            Terence Samuel, U.S. News & 
                                                World Report
                                            Fawn Johnson, BNA News

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch. House organs are not eligible.

[[Page 1010]]

    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1011]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Abramson, Julie L.: National Journal

Ackerman, Spencer: New Republic

Ackley, Kate: Roll Call

Acord, David: Food Chemical News

Adde, Nicholas L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Addison, Eric: Career Communications Group

Adhicary, Dave: Tax Notes

Akers, Mary Ann: Roll Call

Albright, Nicole Gaudiano: Army Times Publishing Co.

Aldrich, Nancy: Business Publishers

Alexis, Alexei: BNA News

Allen, LaQuesha: Tax Notes

Allen, Tonya: CD Publications

Allizon, Marie B.: Internewsletter

Almeras, Jon S.: Tax Notes

Aluise, Beth: National News Syndicate

Aluise, Susan J.: National News Syndicate

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Ament, Lucy: Food Chemical News

Analore, Andrew: Inside Mortgage Finance

Anand, Vineeta: Crain Communications

Anselmo, Joseph: Aviation Week

Antonides, David Scott: Tax Notes

Aplin, Donald G.: BNA News

Archer, Jeffrey Robert: Education Week

Arnold, Andrew: Business Publishers

Arnone, Michael: Federal Computer Week

Arnoult, Sandra: Penton Media Inc.

Arora, Vasantha K.: News India Times

Ashworth, Jerry: Thompson Publishing Group

Asker, James R.: Aviation Week

Assam, Cecelia: BNA News

Atkins, Pamela S.: BNA News

Atwood, John Filar: CCH Inc.

August, Lissa: Time Magazine

Ayayo, Herman P.: Tax Notes

Ayers, Carl Albert: UCG

Ayoub, Nina Cary: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bacon, Lance M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bacon, Jr., Perry: Time Magazine

Baghdadi, Ramsey: FDC Reports

Bailey, Holly: Newsweek

Bailey, Laura: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ballard, Tanya N.: Government Executive

Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

Banervee, Bidisha: Slate

Barak, Sarah: Thompson Publishing Group

Barber, Jeffrey: McGraw-Hill Co.

Barnes, Fred: Weekly Standard

Barnes, James A.: National Journal

Barnes, Julian E.: U.S. News & World Report

Barnett, Megan L.: U.S. News & World Report

Barnett, Pamela: Business Publishers

Barone, Michael: U.S. News & World Report

Barreto, Eric: Washington Business Information

Barry, John A.: Newsweek

Bartlett, Thomas: Chronicle of Higher Education

Barton, Robert: Washington Business Information

Bashaw, Savannah: Thompson Publishing Group

Basu, Sandra: U.S. Medicine

Baughman, Natalie: Inside Washington Publishers

Baumann, David: National Journal

Baumann, Jeannie: BNA News

Beaman, William P.: Reader's Digest

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bedard, Paul: U.S. News & World Report

Behling, Bridget: FDC Reports

Beinart, Peter: New Republic

Beizer, Douglas: Washington Technology

Bell, Kevin A.: Tax Notes

Bell, Peter: National Journal

Belton, Beth: Business Week

Bender, Lisa J.: Tax Notes

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Bennett, Brian: Time Magazine

Bennett, Heather: Tax Notes

Bennett, John T.: Inside Washington Publishers

Benjamin, Mark: Salon

Benjamin, Matthew: U.S. News & World Report

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

Berger, Brian: Space News

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

Berkowitz, Lois: Title I Report

Berlin, Joshua L.: FDC Reports

Berman, Dan: Environment & Energy Publishing

Bernstein, Aaron: Business Week

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Best, Frank M.: U.S. Medicine

Beswick, Ellen: Natural Gas Intelligence

Bhambhani, Dipka: McGraw-Hill Co.

Bigman-Galimore, Cabral: FDC Reports

Billings, Deborah: BNA News

Billings, Erin P.: Roll Call

Blake, Elizabeth: Thompson Publishing Group

Blalock, Cecelia: Periodicals News Service

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Bluey, Robert B.: Human Events

Blum, Vanessa: American Lawyer Media

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

[[Page 1012]]

Bolen, Cheryl: BNA News

Boles, Margaret: Telecommunications Reports

Bollag, Burton: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bolton, Alexander: The Hill

Bolton, Elizabeth: Thompson Publishing Group

Bond, David: Aviation Week

Booker, Simeon S.: Jet/Ebony

Borchersen-Keto, Sarah A.: CCH Inc.

Borger, Gloria: U.S. News & World Report

Borja, Rhea R.: Education Week

Borrus, Amy: Business Week

Bowling, C. Jane: BNA News

Bowman, Darcia Harris: Education Week

Boyle, Christina: UCG

Boyles, Katharine K.: Health Market Survey

Boyles, William R.: Health Market Survey

Bracken, Leonard: BNA News

Bradley, Ann B.: Education Week

Brady, Jessica: National Journal

Brady, Matthew: National Underwriter

Brainard, Jeffrey H.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Brandolph, David Barry: BNA News

Brandon, George E.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Brandon, Priscilla Thayer: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Brant, Martha: Newsweek

Braun, Kevin D.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Bresnahan, John: Roll Call

Brevetti, Rossella: BNA News

Brion, Theresa Markley: Research Institute of America Group

Briscoe, Daren: Newsweek

Bristow, Melissa Star: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Broderick, Brian J.: BNA News

Broida, Bethany: American Lawyer Media

Bronson, Richard James: BNA News

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brooks, Kelly: IMAS Publishing

Brostoff, Steven: Liability & Insurance Week

Brown, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Brown, David L.: American Lawyer Media

Brown, Janet M.: Press Associates

Brown, Jill: Atlantic Information Services

Brownstein, Andrew: Thompson Publishing Group

Bruce, R. Christian: BNA News

Brumfiel, Geoff: Nature

Bruninga, Susan: BNA News

Bruno, Debra: American Lawyer Media

Bruno, Michael: Aviation Week

Brunori, David E.: Tax Notes

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Buchta, Cheryl: McGraw-Hill Co.

Buntin, John: Governing

Burd, Stephen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Burger, Timothy: Time Magazine

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Burnham, Michael P.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Buschman, Thomas: Thompson Publishing Group

Bushell, Brian Andrew: Rolling Stone

Bushweller, Kevin: Education Week

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Butler, Amy: Aviation Week

Butts, Thomas: IMAS Publishing

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Byrne, James: CD Publications

Cabrera, Raul: BNA News

Cahlink, George: Government Executive

Cain, Derrick: BNA News

Calabresi, Massimo: Time Magazine

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

Cannon, Carl M.: National Journal

Cano, Craig: McGraw-Hill Co.

Canonica, Rocco: Natural Gas Intelligence

Carey, John A.: Business Week

Carhart, Susan: BNA News

Carlile, Amy: Roll Call

Carlson, Caron: Eweek

Carlson, Jeffrey E.: CCH Inc.

Carnahan, Ira: Forbes

Carnevale, Dan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal

Carney, James F.: Time Magazine

Carpenter, Alison: BNA News

Carr, Jennifer: Tax Notes

Carter, Cynthia: Washington Business Infromation

Caruso, Lisa: National Journal

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Cassidy, William B.: Traffic World

Castelli, Chistopher: Inside Washington Publishers

Cauthen, Carey: Thompson Publishing Group

Cavallaro, Gina: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cavanagh, Sean: Education Week

Cavas, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Chadwick, Melissa: UCG

Chait, Jonathan: New Republic

Chappell, Kevin: Jet/Ebony

Check, Erika: Nature

Chen, Shawn: Nationaljournal.com

Cherkasky, Mara: Thompson Publishing Group

Cherry, Sheila: BNA News

Chibbaro Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childress, Rasheeda Crayton: Business Publishers

Chineson, Joel: American Lawyer Media

Chronister, Gregory: Education Week

Ciampoli, Paul: Natural Gas Intelligence

Cillizza, Chris: Roll Call

Clapp, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Clark, Colin: Space News

Clark, Kim: U.S. News & World Report

Clark, Paul Coe: Telecommunications Reports

Clark, Timothy: Government Executive

Clarke, David Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

[[Page 1013]]

Clarke-Gomez, Irene: BNA News

Clemmitt, Marcia: CQ Researcher

Click, Jennifer S.: BNA News

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Cline, Regina P.: BNA News

Cloakley, Emily: CD Publications

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal

Cohn, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

Colarusso, Laura: Army Times Publishing Co.

Coleman, Janet: FDC Reports

Colenso, Robert: Army Times Publishing Co.

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Eve: Atlantic Information Services

Collins Jr., Donald: Time Magazine

Collogan, David L.: Aviation Week

Combemale, Martine: Milan Presse

Combs, Jennifer: BNA News

Comer, Matt: Environment & Energy Publishing

Compart, Andrew: Travel Weekly

Conant, Eve: Newsweek

Conconi, Charles N.: Washingtonian

Connors, Kathleen: FDC Reports

Conroy, Declan: Setanta Publishing

Continetti, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Cook, Steven: BNA News

Cook, Jr., Charles E.: Cook Political Report

Cooper, Matthew: Time Magazine

Cooper, Stephen K.: CCH Inc.

Corbett, Warren: Set-Aside Alert

Cordes, Craig: Inside Washington Publishers

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Corn, David: Nation

Costa, Keith J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Cottle, Michelle: New Republic

Coughlin, Brett: UCG

Couillard, Lauren: BNA News

Cowden, Richard H.: BNA News

Cox, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Coyle, Marcia: National Law Journal

Coyne, Martin: McGraw-Hill Co.

Craig, David Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Crain, Chris: Washington Blade

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawley, Vince: Army Times Publishing Co.

Crea, Joseph Ross: Washington Blade

Crider, Richard: Thompson Publishing Group

Crock, Stan: Business Week

Crowley, Michael: New Republic

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Curran, John: Telecommunications Reports

Curran, Timothy: Roll Call

Currie, Duncan: Weekly Standard

Curry, Leonard: Washington Crime News Services

Curthoys, Kathleen A.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cusack, Robert: The Hill

Cusick, Daniel: Environment & Energy Publishing

Dagostino, Emily: Tax Notes

Dalecki, Kenneth B: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Darcey, Sue: BNA News

Davenport, Melissa: Governing

Davidson, Daniel: Army Times Publishing Co.

Davidson, Mark: McGraw-Hill Co.

Davies, Stephen: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Brett: Aviation Week

Davis, Emily: Tax Notes

Davis, Lauren: IMAS Publishing

Davis, Michelle R: Education Week

Davis, Paris D.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Davis, Shannon: Inside Washington Publishers

Davis, Steve: Atlantic Information Services

Day, Jeff: BNA News

Degen, Colin: Business Publishers

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

Delamaide, Darrell: UCG

DeLeon, Carrie: Telecommunications Reports

Dembicki, Matthew: Kiplinger Washington Editors

DeMott, Kathryn: International Medical News Group

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

DiCarlo, Rachel: Weekly Standard

Dickerson, John F.: Time Magazine

Dickey, Beth: Government Executive

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

DiMascio, Jennifer: Inside Washington Publishers

Dinnage, Russell: Food Chemical News

DiPasquale, Cynthia: Inside Washington Publishers

DiSciullo, Joseph: Tax Notes

Dizard, Wilson: Government Computer News

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Dolley, Steven: McGraw-Hill Co.

Doman, Kimberlee Smith: BNA News

Donefer, Charles: Environment & Energy Publishing

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Donnelly, Sally: Time Magazine

Donoghue, James A.: Penton Media Inc.

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill Co.

Dorobek, Christopher: Federal Computer Week

Dorrian, Patrick: BNA News

Dove, Andrew: FDC Reports

Doyle, John M.: Aviation Week

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Drew, Elizabeth: New York Review of Books

Duffy, Jennifer: Cook Political Report

Duffy, Michael: Time Magazine

Duffy, Thomas Patrick: Inside Washington Publishers

Dufour, Jeff: The Hill

duMond, Marge: National Journal

Dunham, Richard S.: Business Week

Dunn, William: Research Institute of America Group

[[Page 1014]]

Dupont, Daniel G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Duran, Nicole: Roll Call

Earle, Geoff: The Hill

Easterbrook, Gregg: New Republic

Eastland, Terry: Weekly Standard

Eby, Deborah: Business Publishers

Edmondson, Thomas: BNA News

Edmonson, Robert G.: Traffic World

Edney, Hazel Trice: Afro American Newspapers

Edwards, Charles J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Edwards, Thomas J.: CD Publications

Ege, Konrad: Blatter

Eggerton, John S.: Broadcasting & Cable

Egna, Martin: CCH Inc.

Ehrenhalt, Alan: Governing

Eichenseher, Tasha: Environment & Energy Publishing

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eiserer, Leonard A. C.: Business Publishers

Eisler, Kim: Washingtonian

Eldridge II, Scott A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Elfin, Dana: BNA News

Ellis, Isobel: National Journal

Elmore, Wesley: Tax Notes

Emeigh Jr., Geoffrey: BNA News

Engdahl, Elizabeth: American Lawyer Media

Ericksen, Charles: Hispanic Link News Service

Esquivel, J. Jesus: Proceso

Evangelauf, Jean: Chronicle of Higher Education

Evans, Jeffrey: International Medical News Group

Evelyn, Jamilah: Chronicle of Higher Education

Ezzard, Catherine Sullivan: BNA News

Fallows, James: Atlantic Monthly

Falvella-Garraty, Susan: Irish Echo

Fang, Bay: U.S. News & World Report

Fanshel, Fran: UCG

Faram, Mark: Army Times Publishing Co.

Farrar, Loren S.: Penton Media Inc.

Farrell, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fehrs, Peter: FDC Reports

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Ferguson, Andrew: Weekly Standard

Ferguson, Brett: BNA News

Fernandez, Lourdes: Inside Washington Publishers

Ferraro: National Journal

Ferullo, Michael: BNA News

Field, Christopher: Human Events

Field, David: Airline Business

Field, Kelly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Filmore, David: FDC Reports

Finan, Colin: Inside Washington Publishers

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

Finkling, Amy: McGraw-Hill Co.

Fiorino, Frances: Aviation Week

Fischer, Craig: Letter Publications

Fischer, Karin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fisher, Elizabeth: National Review

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Capitol City Publishers

Flanagan, John David: CCH Inc.

Fleet, Leslie G.: BNA News

Fleming, Christopher T.: Healthcare Information

Flint, Perry: Penton Media Inc.

Flynn, Joan Marie: Thompson Publishing Group

Flynn, Lauren: Atlantic Information Services

Foer, Franklin: New Republic

Fogg, E. Piper: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fong, Tony: Crain Communications

Foster, Andrea: Chronicle of Higher Education

Foster, Cassandra P.: Roll Call

Foster, Lawrence D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Fourney, Susan: Government Executive

Francis, David: Inside Washington Publishers

Francis, Eileen: FDC Reports

Francis, Laura: BNA News

Franklin, Mary Beth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fraser, Katharine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Fredo, Diane: BNA News

Freddoso, David: Evans-Novak Political Report

Frederick, Melissa: CD Publications

Freedberg, Jr., Sydney J.: National Journal

Freedman, Andrew: Environment & Energy Publishing

Freeman, Allison: Environment & Energy Publishing

Freeman III, William A.: Penton Media Inc.

Frieden, Joyce: International Medical News Group

Friel, Brian: National Journal

Fulghum, David: Aviation Week

Fullerton, Jane: Farm Journal

Funk, Deborah M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Funk, Kathryn: Pace Publications

Gable, Eryn: Environment & Energy Publishing

Gallagher, John: Traffic World

Gannon, John: BNA News

Garamfalui, Alexia: Inside Washington Publishers

Garcia, Rodney D.: Thompson Publishing Group

Garfield, Bob: Crain Communications

Garner, Lynn: BNA News

Gasparello, Linda A.: King Publishing Group

Gatty, Mary Ann: Periodicals News Service

Gehring, John: Education Week

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geman, Ben: Environment & Energy Publishing

Gerecht, Michael: CD Publications

Gerin, Roseanne: Washington Technology

Gersemann, Olaf: Wirtschaftswoche

Getter, Lisa: UCG

Gettinger, Steve: National Journal

Gettlin, Robert: National Journal

Gewertz, Catherine: Education Week

Gibb, Steven K.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gilbert, Lorraine S.: BNA News

Gilgoff, Daniel: U.S. News & World Report

Gillies, Andrew: Forbes

Gillis, Christopher: American Shipper

Gizzi, John: Human Events

[[Page 1015]]

Glass, Andrew J.: The Hill

Glazer, Gwen: Nationaljournal.com

Gleckman, Howard: Business Week

Glenn, David G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Glenn, Heidi: Tax Notes

Glenzer, Michael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Gloger, Katja: Stern

Gnaedinger, Chuck: Tax Notes

Goindi, Geeta: Express India

Goldberg, Kirsten: Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Paul: Cancer Letter

Goldman, Ted: American Lawyer Media

Goldstein, Peter: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldstein, Sid: Pace Publications

Goldwasser, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldwyn, Brant: CCH Inc.

Goodman, Glenn W.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Goodwine, Velma: Research Institute of America Group

Gordon, Kelly J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gorman, S. Siobhan: National Journal

Gotsch, Ted: Telecommunications Reports

Gould, Dawn: Washington Information Source

Goulder, Robert: Tax Notes

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Grabow, Colin: Defense Focus

Graham, Neil: BNA News

Grass, Michael: Roll Call

Green, Charles A.: National Journal

Green, Joshua: Atlantic Monthly

Greenblatt, Alan: Governing

Greenhalgh, Keiron: McGraw-Hill Co.

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

Gregorits, Angela: BNA News

Griffith, Cara: Tax Notes

Grimes, Bradley: Government Computer News

Gross, Grant: IDG News Service

Grossman, Elaine M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gruber, Amelia: Government Executive

Gruber, Peter: Focus

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Gruss, Jean: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Gsell, James: Federal Employees News Digest

Guay, Thomas: Progressive Business Publications

Guerra, John: Billing World Magazine

Gunter, Chris: Nature

Gurdon, Hugo: The Hill

Guterman, Lila: Chronicle of Higher Education

Haas, Joseph: CD Publications

Hadley, Richard D.: UCG

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal

Hall, Holly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Halloran, Elizabeth: U.S. News & World Report

Hamaker, Christian: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Hammond, Brian: Telecommunications Reports

Hammond, Sarah Spencer: Business Publishers

Haniffa, Aziz: India Abroad

Hansard, Sara: Crain Communications

Hansen, Brian: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hansen, David: CCH Inc.

Hanson, Melinda: BNA News

Harbert, Tam: Electronic Business

Harbrecht, Douglas: Business Week

Hardin, Angela Y.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hardy, Michael: Federal Computer Week

Harkness, Peter A.: Governing

Harman, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Harris, Donna L.: Crain Communications

Harris, Joann Christine: Tax Notes

Harris, Lona C.: Time Magazine

Harris, Louise: Business Publishers

Harris, Shane: Government Executive

Harrison, David: BNA News

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hasson, Judith B.: Federal Computer Week

Hawkins, Andrew: FDC Reports

Hayes, Lisa L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hayes, Peter S.: BNA News

Hayes, Stephen: Weekly Standard

Healey, Daniel: FDC Reports

Hearn, Edward T.: Multichannel News

Hearn, Josephine: The Hill

Hebel, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Heckathorn, Mark: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hedges, Joyce: BNA News

Heflin, Jay: UCG

Hegland, Corine: National Journal

Henary, Laura Beth: Weekly Standard

Henderson, Kristina: Inside Washington Publishers

Hendrie, Caroline: Education Week

Henneberger, Melinda: Newsweek

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Henning, Jonathan: Defense Focus

Henning, Lily: American Lawyer Media

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Hess, Glenn H.: Chemical Market Reporter

Hess, Ryan E.: MII Publications

Hettinger, Christian: Thompson Publishing Group

Heyd, Cindy Ann: Tax Notes

Hicks, Travis: Thompson Publishing Group

Higgins, John: Business Publishers

Hilburn, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hill, Richard: BNA News

Hill, Tichakorn: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hirsh, Michael: Newsweek

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hobbs, Susan: BNA News

Hocking, Bryanna: Roll Call

Hodierne, Robert: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Donald B.: Thompson Publishing Group

[[Page 1016]]

Hoffman, Rebecca: BNA News

Hoffman, William: Traffic World

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Holahan, Elizabeth: Government Contractor

Holder, Christina: Evans-Novak Political Report

Holland, Bill: Billboard Magazine

Holland, William: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hollingsworth, Catherine: BNA News

Holmes, Gwendolyn: BNA News

Holmes, Natalie C.: Capitol City Publishers

Honawar, Vaishali: Education Week

Hoover, Eric: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hoover, Kent: Washington Business Journal

Horner, Daniel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Horowitz, Jay: BNA News

Horwood, Rachel Jane: Economist

Hosenball, Mark: Newsweek

Hosten, Allissa: Food Chemical News

Houghton, Mary: FDC Reports

Hoversten, Paul: Aviation Week

Howard, Joe: Radio & Records

Hsu, Susan: Business Publishers

Hubbard, Catherine A.: CCH Inc.

Hughes, Jr., John D.: Aviation Week

Hurst, Marianne Delinda: Education Week

Hutnyan, Joseph D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Hyland, Terence: BNA News

Ichniowski, Thomas F.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iekel, John F.: Thompson Publishing Group

Irvin, Helen: BNA News

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Iyengar, Sunil: FDC Reports

Jackman, Frank: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jackson, Anthony: Time Magazine

Jackson, Joab: Government Computer News

Jackson, Rochelle D.: BNA News

Jackson, Valarie: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jackson, William K.: Government Computer News

Jacobson, Jennifer: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jacobson, Ken: Manufacturing & Technology News

Jacobson, Louis: Roll Call

Jadadeesan, Gomati: Inside Washington Publishers

James, Betty: Interpreter Releases

Javers, Eamon: Business Week

Jeffrey, Terence P.: Human Events

Jenkins, Scott: FDC Reports

Jensen, Brennen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jeong, Hye: Environment & Energy Publishing

Johnson, Alisa: BNA News

Johnson, Angela: CCH Inc.

Johnson, Fawn: BNA News

Johnson, Greg: Inside Mortgage Finance

Johnson, Kimberly E.: Aviation Week

Johnson, Lyrica: Government Contractor

Johnson, Regina: McGraw-Hill Co.

Johnson, Wendy: UCG

Johnston, Robert C.: Education Week

Jones, George: CCH Inc.

Jones, Helen: BNA News

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, Mary Lynn: The Hill

Jonson, Nick: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jordan, Anne: Governing

Jordan, Brian D.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Jordan, Bryant: Army Times Publishing Co.

Joslyn, Heather: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Joyce, Stephen: BNA News

Judis, John B.: New Republic

June, Audrey Williams: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kahn, Jeremy: New Republic

Kalb, Deborah: The Hill

Kalowski, Lee: FDC Reports

Kane, Paul: Roll Call

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

Kaplan, Jonathan: The Hill

Kaplun, Alex: Environment & Energy Publishing

Karp, Aaron: Traffic World

Kash, William: Government Computer News

Kasper, Andrew: FDC Reports

Kasperowicz, Peter: Inside Washington Publishers

Kass, Marcia: BNA News

Kassabian, Gloria B.: Business Week

Katel, Peter: CQ Researcher

Katz, Marissa: New Republic

Kauffman, Tim: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kavanagh, Susan: Washington Service Bureau

Kavruck, Deborah A.: Washington Counseletter

Kavruck, Samuel: Washington Counseletter

Keane, Angela Greiling: Traffic World

Keller, Amy M.: Roll Call

Keller, Bess: Education Week

Keller, Gail S.: BNA News

Kelley, Jaimie: FDC Reports

Kelly, Cathy: FDC Reports

Kelly, Patrice Wingert: Newsweek

Kelly, Spencer: UCG

Kennedy, Hugh: UCG

Kenney, Allen: Tax Notes

Kersten, Denise: Government Executive

Khan, Altaf U.: BNA News

Kiernan, Vincent: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kim, Angela: Aviation Week

Kime, Patricia: Army Times Publishing Co.

King, Maureen: Telecommunications Reports

Kinnard, Meg: Nationaljournal.com

Kirby, Paul: Telecommunications Reports

Kirkland, Joel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kirkland, John Robert: BNA News

Kitfield, James: National Journal

Kittross, David: CD Publications

[[Page 1017]]

Klaidman, Daniel: Newsweek

Kleine-Brockhoff, Thomas: Die Zeit

Kleiner, Henry E.: Business Publishers

Klimko, Frank: CD Publications

Kline, Jerry Lee: Thompson Publishing Group

Klumpp, Helena: Tax Notes

Knapik, Michael: McGraw-Hill Co.

Knight, Danielle: U.S. News & World Report

Koch, Kathy: CQ Researcher

Kondracke, Morton M.: Roll Call

Koons, Jennifer: Nationaljournal.com

Kornacki, John: The Hill

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Koss, Geoffrey: Inside Washington Publishers

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal

Kraft, Scott: UCG

Kramer, David: Science & Government Report

Kramer, Linda: People Magazine

Kraus, Mary Jo: BNA News

Kraushaar, Josh: National Journal

Kriz, Margaret E.: National Journal

Krughoff, Alexander: Federal Employees News Digest

Kubetin, W. Randy: BNA News

Kucher, Liane: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kucinich, Jacqueline: The Hill

Kuckro, Rod: McGraw-Hill Co.

Kuhn, Mark: CD Publications

Kukis, Mark: National Journal

Kuli, Alexander: Inside Washington Publishers

Kulman, Linda: U.S. News & World Report

Kurtz, Josh: Roll Call

Kushner, Adam: New Republic

Laas, Molly: FDC Reports

Labash, Matt: Weekly Standard

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

Lacey, Anthony: Inside Washington Publishers

Laffler, Mary Jo: FDC Reports

Lake, Jessica: FDC Reports

Lally, Rosemarie: Thompson Publishing Group

Lamoreaux, Denise: Thompson Publishing Group

Landrigan, Dan: Atlantic Information Services

Langel, Stephen: Inside Washington Publishers

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Larsen, Kathy Caroline: McGraw-Hill Co.

Lash, Jennifer: Roll Call

Lassman, Teresa: International Medical News Group

Last, Jonathan: Weekly Standard

Laurent, Anne: Government Executive

Lavelle, Marianne: U.S. News & World Report

Lawrence, Richard: Traffic World

Learner, Neal: Washington Business Information

Leavitt, David I.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lee, Robin: BNA News

Leeuwenburgh, Todd: UCG

Legard, Lauren: Washington Business Information

Leheny, Claire: UCG

Leibowitz, Wendy: BNA News

Lekus, Eric: BNA News

Lemov, Penelope: Governing

Leopold, George: CMP Media Inc.

Leshnoff, Jessica: Research USA

Leske, Gisela: Der Spiegel

LeSueur, Steve: Washington Technology

Levin, Joshua: Slate

Levin-Epstein, Marcy: Business Publishers

Levin-Epstein, Michael: Business Publishers

Lewis, Nicole: Chronicle of Higher Education

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Limpert, Charles: Washingtonian

Lindeman, Ralph: BNA News

Lindsay, Drew: Washingtonian

Linger, Kristyn: BNA News

Linnehan, Janet: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Lipka, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lipman, Harvy: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lipowicz, Alice: Washington Technology

Lipper, Tamara: Newsweek

Lithwick, Dahlia Hannah: Slate

Lizza, Ryan: New Republic

Lockett, Brian A.: BNA News

Logue, Wayne: Research Institute of America Group

Loos, David: Environment & Energy Publishing

Loos, Ralph: Crain Communications

Lopes, Gregory: Inside Washington Publishers

Lorenzetti, Maureen Shields: Oil & Gas Journal

Losey, Stephen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lott, Steven: Aviation Week

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Lowe, Christian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lowe, Paul: Aviation International News

Lowther, William: Mail on Sunday

Lubold, Gordon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lumb, Jacquelyn: Washington Service Bureau

Lundgren, Kari: The Hill

Lunney, Kellie: National Journal

Lustig, Joe: Thompson Publishing Group

Lynch, Kerry: Aviation Week

Ma, Jason: Inside Washington Publishers

MacDonald, Neil: Technology Commercialization

Macilwain, Colin: Nature

MacKeil, Brain: Army Times Publishing Co.

Madigan, Erin: Nationaljournal.com

Maffei, Glenn: Inside Washington Publishers

Maggs, John J.: National Journal

Magill, Barbara: Thompson Publishing Group

Magnusson, Paul: Business Week

Mahoney, Fabia H.: BNA News

Mahtesian, Charles: National Journal

Maine, Amanda: CCH Inc.

Maixner, Edward: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Mangu-Ward, Katherine: Weekly Standard

Manley, Mary Ann G.: BNA News

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Marcoux, Michel: FDC Reports

[[Page 1018]]

Marcucci, Carl: Radio Business Report

Marois, Denise: Aviation Week

Marre, Klaus: The Hill

Marron, Jessica: McGraw-Hill Co.

Marson, Brian: FDC Reports

Maschas, Andrew Jason: CCH Inc.

Mascolo, Georg Ranier: Der Spiegel

Matishak, Martin: Inside Washington Publishers

Matthews, Martha A.: BNA News

Matthews, Sidney William: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mauro, Antony: American Lawyer Media

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mazumdar, Anandashankar: BNA News

McAdams, Deborah: IMAS Publishing

McAllister, William: Linn's Stamp News

McArdle, John: Roll Call

McBeth Laping, Karen: McGraw-Hill Co.

McCaffery, Gregory: BNA News

McCaney, Kevin: Government Computer News

McCaughan, Michael: FDC Reports

McClements, Amanda: Roll Call

McClenahen, John: Penton Media Inc.

McConnell, William: Broadcasting & Cable

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing & Technology News

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McDermott, Kevin: Research Institute of America Group

McGeehon, Dale: Thompson Publishing Group

McGlinchey, David: Government Executive

McGoffin, Michael J.: Research Institute of America Group

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McHugh, Jane Claire: Army Times Publishing Co.

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McKenna, Edward: Traffic World

McKenna, Edward: Washington Business Information

McLane, Paul J.: IMAS Publishing

McLaughlin, Matthew J.: Government Computer News

McLure, Jason: American Lawyer Media

McMurtrie, Beth: Chronicle of Higher Education

McNamee, Michael D.: Business Week

McTague, James: Barron's

McTague, Rachel: BNA News

McVicker, William: Recall

Mechcatie, Elizabeth: International Medical News Group

Meehan, Chris: Atlantic Information Services

Melendez, Sonia: Hispanic Link News Service

Melillo, Wendy: Adweek Magazine

Melzer, Eartha: Washington Blade

Menon, Veena: Inside Washington Publishers

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Metzger, Andrew: American Lawyer Media

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call

Micco, Linda: BNA News

Miller, Jason: Government Computer News

Miller, John J.: National Review

Miller, Julie A.: Title I Report

Miller, Karla L.: Tax Notes

Miller, Reed J.: FDC Reports

Miller, Richard: Business Week

Miller, W. Kent: Army Times Publishing Co.

Miller, William H.: Penton Media Inc.

Milligan, Michael: Travel Weekly

Minikon, Patricia: Interpreter Releases

Minton-Beddoes, Zanny: Economist

Mitchell, John: Reader's Digest

Mitchell, Robert W.: Thompson Publishing Group

Miyashita, Shigeki: Hispanic Link News Service

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Mola, Roger Andrew: Aviation International News

Monastersky, Richard: Chronicle of Higher Education

Monroe, John: Federal Computer Week

Montgomery, Erin: Weekly Standard

Montwieler, Nancy H.: BNA News

Moore, James Gerry: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Moore, Jennifer Lynn: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moore, Michael: BNA News

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moore, Nancy J.: BNA News

Moore, Pamela Susan: Capitol Publications

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morales, Cecilio: MII Publications

Morehouse, Macon: People Magazine

Morello, Lauren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Morin, Christopher Scott: Thompson Publishing Group

Morring, Jr., Frank: Aviation Week

Morris, Emma: Nature

Morris, Jefferson F.: Aviation Week

Morris, Jodie: National Journal

Morris, Joe: Inside Washington Publishers

Morrison, David Carlisle: Credit Union Times

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morton, Peter: Financial Post

Mosquera, Mary: Government Computer News

Mullen, Thomas: Healthcare Information

Mullen II, Theophite: McGraw-Hill Co.

Mulrine, Anna: U.S. News & World Report

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munro, Neil P.: National Journal

Munsey, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Muolo, Paul: National Mortgage News

Muradian, Vago: Army Times Publishing Co.

Murdoch, Joyce M.: National Journal

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Najor, Pamela: BNA News

Nartker, Michael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Nash, James L.: Penton Media Inc.

[[Page 1019]]

Nations, Deborah L. Acomb: National Journal

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Neill, Alex: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nelson, Ryan: FDC Reports

Nelson, Suzanne: Roll Call

Netram, Christopher M.: Tax Notes

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Newman, Richard J.: U.S. News & World Report

Newmyer, Arthur: Roll Call

Nichols, Hans: The Hill

Nicholson, Jonathan: BNA News

Nir, Ori: The Forward

Noah, Timothy Robert: Slate

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Novak, Viveca: Time Magazine

Nutt, Audrey: Tax Notes

O'Beirne, Kate Walsh: National Review

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Oberle, Sean F.: Oberle Communications

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

O'Brien, Erin: Thompson Publishing Group

O'Connor, Patrick: The Hill

O'Driscoll, Mary: Environment & Energy Publishing

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Olaya, Phillip: BNA News

Oliphant, James: American Lawyer Media

Olsen, Florence: Federal Computer Week

Olson, Lynn: Education Week

Omestad, Thomas E.: U.S. News & World Report

O'Neill, Sean F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Onley, Dawn S.: Government Computer News

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Oram, Mark Alexander: McGraw-Hill Co.

Orleans, Anne: Washington News Observer

Orrick, Sarah: Congressional Digest

Orth, Maureen: Vanity Fair

Ostroff, Jim: Kiplinger Washington Editors

O'Toole, Thomas: BNA News

Page, Paul: Traffic World

Pak, Janne Kum Cha: USA Journal

Palmer, Anna: American Lawyer Media

Palmer, Avery: Inside Washington Publishers

Palmer, Kimberly: Government Executive

Pannell, Susan J.: BNA News

Pappalardo, Denise: IDG Communications

Parisi, Gretchen: FDC Reports

Parker, Andrew: Professional Pilot Magazine

Parker, John: Economist

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parrish, Molly R.: Pace Publications

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Patrick, Steven: BNA News

Patton, Oliver B.: Heavy Duty Trucking

Patton, Zachary L.: Governing

Paulson, William Clifford: FDC Reports

Pazanowski, Bernard J.: BNA News

Peed, Michael F.: National Journal

Pekow, Charles: LP/Gas

Peniston, Brad: Army Times Publishing Co.

Perera, David: Federal Computer Week

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Perry, Joellen: U.S. News & World Report

Pershing, Benjamin: Roll Call

Peters, Katherine M.: Government Executive

Petersen, Tina: McGraw-Hill Co.

Pexton, Patrick: National Journal

Pfeiffer, Eric: National Review

Phibbs, Pat: BNA News

Phillips, Cathleen M.: Tax Notes

Phillips, Lyda: BNA News

Phinney, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Piemonte, Philip M.: Federal Employees News Digest

Pierce, Emily: Roll Call

Pimley, Ward: BNA News

Plank, Kendra Casey: BNA News

Plotz, David: Slate

Podesta, Jane: People Magazine

Poe, Sheryll: Inside Washington Publishers

Polster, Nathaniel: Adolescent Medicine

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Postal, Arthur D.: National Underwriter

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Powers, William: National Journal

Prah, Pamela: CQ Researcher

Precht, Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Preston, Mark: Roll Call

Preston, Meredith: BNA News

Pringle, Rodney: Aviation Week

Prochoroff, Alan: UCG

Pryde, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Pueschel, Matt: U.S. Medicine

Pulley, John L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Pulliam, Daniel: Government Executive

Quay, Christopher: Tax Notes

Quenqua, Douglas: PR Week

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Ragavan, Chitra: U.S. News & World Report

Raju, Manu: Inside Washington Publishers

Rancourt, Jr., John: FDC Reports

Rankin, Ken: Lebhar-Friedman Publications

Ranson, Lori: Aviation Week

Ratnam, Gopal: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rawson, Kathleen: FDC Reports

Rees, Elizabeth: Inside Washington Publishers

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Reeves, Dawn: Inside Washington Publishers

Rehring, Emily: Traffic World

Reid, Karla S.: Education Week

Reistrup, John: CD Publications

Rhein, Jr., Reginald W.: Scrip World Pharmaceutical News

Richard, Alan: Education Week

Richardson, Jenn: Army Times Publishing Co.

Richardson, Nathaline: BNA News

[[Page 1020]]

Richert, Catharine: Inside Washington Publishers

Rickman, Johnathan: Tax Notes

Ridgeway, James: Village Voice

Riley, Karen: Clinica

Ripley, Amanda: Time Magazine

Ritterpusch, Kurt: BNA News

Robelen, Erik: Education Week

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Roberts, Sharon: Time Magazine

Roberts, Vanessa Jo: Government Computer News

Roberts, Victoria: BNA News

Robertson, Jack W.: CMP Media Inc.

Robinson, Linda: U.S. News & World Report

Robinson, Thomas Steven: Mass Transit Lawyer

Rockwell, L. Mark: Wireless Week

Rodeffer, Mark H.: The Hill

Rodriguez, Eva: American Lawyer Media

Roeder, Linda: BNA News

Rogers, Amy: CMP Media Inc.

Rogers, Robert: American Lawyer Media

Rogers, Warren: Associated Features

Roha, Ronaleen: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rohde, Peter: Inside Washington Publishers

Rohrer, S. Scott: National Journal

Rojas, Warren A.: Tax Notes

Rolfsen, Bruce: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rollow, Jake: Hispanic Link News Service

Roos, John: Army Times Publishing Co.

Roque, Ashley: Inside Washington Publishers

Rose, Lois: BNA News

Rose, Phil: Professional Pilot Magazine

Rosen, Anne: Construction Contracts Law Report

Rosen, Jeffrey: New Republic

Rosenberg, Debra: Newsweek

Rosenkranz, Rolf: Inside Washington Publishers

Roston, Eric: Time Magazine

Roth, Nancy: Business Publishers

Rothenberg, Stuart: Rothenberg Political Report

Rothman, Heather M.: BNA News

Rothstein, Betsy: The Hill

Rowings, Kathy: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Rudd, Terence: International Medical News Group

Rugaber, Chris: BNA News

Rummell, Nicholas: UCG

Rushford, Greg: Rushford Report

Ryan, Margaret: McGraw-Hill Co.

Sack, Joetta: Education Week

Sain Jr., Kenneth: Washington Blade

Sala, Susan: BNA News

Saletan, William: Slate

Saloom, Elizabeth: Federal Employees News Digest

Salt, Matthew: Washington Business Information

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Sammon, Richard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Samuel, Terence: U.S. News & World Report

Samuels, Christina: Education Week

Samuelsohn, Darren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Samuelson, Robert: Newsweek

Sanders, Anthony T.: Billboard Magazine

Sangillo, Gregg Thomas: National Journal

Santiago, Annette R.: Aviation Week

Sarkar, Dibya: Federal Computer Week

Sartipzadeh, Saied Ali: BNA News

Savodnik, Peter: The Hill

Savoie, Andy: Aviation Week

Scales, Sirena J.: Tax Notes

Scarlett, Thomas: Inside Mortgage Finance

Scheiber, Noam: New Republic

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schieken, William: Government Contractor

Schmidt, Peter: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schmidt, Mike: McGraw-Hill Co.

Schmitt, Shawn: UCG

Schneider, Andrew C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schneider, Martin A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Schneider, Mary Ellen: International Medical News Group

Schoenberg, Tom: American Lawyer Media

Schofield, Adrian: Aviation Week

Schofield, Lorraine: Inside Washington Publishers

Schomisch, Jeffrey: Thompson Publishing Group

Schorr, Burt: UCG

Schoultz, Cathleen O.: BNA News

Schuff, Sally: Farm Progress News

Schwartz, Emma: American Lawyer Media

Schwartz, Lauren: FDC Reports

Scoblic, J. Peter: New Republic

Scorza, John Forrest: CCH Inc.

Scott, Cordia: Tax Notes

Scott, Dean T.: BNA News

Scott, Judith: BNA News

Scully, Megan: The Hill

Scutro, Andrew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Sedlak, Teresa: People Magazine

Selinger, Marc: Aviation Week

Selingo, Jeffrey: Chronicle of Higher Education

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal

Setze, Karen Jeanne: Tax Notes

Seyler, David P.: Radio Business Report

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shafer, Jack: Slate

Shah, Aarti A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Shannon, Elaine: Time Magazine

Sharpe, Kieran: Thompson Publishing Group

Sharpe, Stephanie: McGraw-Hill Co.

Shartel, J. Stratton: BNA News

Shea, Richard L.: Construction Contracts Law Report

Sheets, Andy: Tax Notes

Shelton, Andrew: FDC Reports

Sheppard, Doug: Tax Notes

[[Page 1021]]

Sherman, Jason: Inside Washington Publishers

Sherman, Mark W.: Business Publishers

Sherrod, Lawrence: CD Publications

Shields, Todd: Adweek Magazine

Shipman, William Matthew: Inside Washington Publishers

Shoop, Thomas J.: Government Executive

Shute, Nancy: U.S. News & World Report

Sidey, Hugh S.: Time Magazine

Silva, Chris: Washington Business Information

Silva, Jeffrey S.: Crain Communications

Silverman, Jennifer: International Medical News Group

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal

Simmonds, Susan Jeane: Tax Notes

Simmons, Jessica: BNA News

Simmons, Nancy: BNA News

Simon, Roger: U.S. News & World Report

Singer, Jeremy: Space News

Singer, Paul: National Journal

Singleton, Joe: Inside Washington Publishers

Sinnex, Cecil: CD Publications

Skinner, David: Weekly Standard

Skovron, James W.: BNA News

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Smaglik, Paul: Nature

Small, John R.: BNA News

Smallen, Jill: National Journal

Smallwood, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

Smith, Anne Kates: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Smith, Douglas: Tax Notes

Smith, John Allen: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, Joseph: CD Publications

Smith, Marcus: UCG

Smith, Michael: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Smith, Noah J.: BNA News

Smith, Rhonda M.: Washington Blade

Snider, Adam: BNA News

Snyder, Jim: The Hill

Sobieraj, Sandra: People Magazine

Socha, Evamarie: Washington Technology

Solheim, Mark: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Southern, E. Richard: Government Contractor

Spangler, DianaLouise: U.S. Medicine

Spangler, Donna Kemp: Exchange Monitor Publications

Spangler, Matthew: McGraw-Hill Co.

Spence, Charles F.: General Aviation News

Spencer, Duncan: The Hill

Spencer, Patricia: BNA News

Splete, Heidi: International Medical News Group

Spotswood, Stephen: U.S. Medicine

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

Sprenger, Sebastian: Inside Washington Publishers

Stam, John: BNA News

Stamper, Dustin: Tax Notes

Stanton, Lynn: Telecommunications Reports

Starobin, Paul: National Journal

Starr, Beth: BNA News

Stavros, Richard: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Steele, Zaira: Steele Communications

Stein, Keith: King Publishing Group

Stein, Lisa: U.S. News & World Report

Steinberg, Julie A.: BNA News

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Steis, Alexander Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Stempeck, Brian: Environment & Energy Publishing

Sternstein, Aliya: Federal Computer Week

Stewart, William H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stimson, Leslie: IMAS Publishing

Stoffer, Harry: Crain Communications

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stokes, Bruce: National Journal

Stoler, Judith: Time Magazine

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal

Stratton, Sheryl: Tax Notes

Strohm, Chris: Government Executive

Strout, Erin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sturges, Peyton Mackay: BNA News

Sugarman, Carole: Food Chemical News

Suggs, Welch: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sullivan, Colin: Environment & Energy Publishing

Sullivan, Eileen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Sullivan, John H.: BNA News

Sullivan, Monica C.: National Journal

Sultan, Michael: Natural Gas Week

Sutter, Susan M.: FDC Reports

Swanson, Ian: Inside Washington Publishers

Sweeney, Jeanne: Title I Report

Sweeting, Paul: Reed Business Information

Swibel, Matthew: Forbes

Swisher, Larry: BNA News

Swope, Christopher: Governing

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Tandon, Crystal: Tax Notes

Tatum, Melanie: McGraw-Hill Co.

Taube, Herman: Jewish Forward--Yiddish

Taulbee, Pamela D.: Atlantic Information Services

Taylor, Ronald: BNA News

Taylor, Vincent: UCG

Taylor II, B.J.: Atlantic Information Services

Taylor Jr., Stuart: National Journal

Teinowitz, Ira: Crain Communications

Tell, David: Weekly Standard

Temin, Thomas R.: Government Computer News

Templin, Kate: CQ Researcher

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thibodeau, Patrick: IDG Communications

Thomas, Katherine: FDC Reports

Thomas, R. Griffith: Congressional Digest

Thomas, Richard K.: Newsweek

Thomas, Steele: FDC Reports

Thompson, Jason: Nationaljournal.com

Thompson, Mark J.: Time Magazine

[[Page 1022]]

Thormeyer, Robert J.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Thorn, Judith: BNA News

Thorndike, Joseph: Tax Notes

Thurneysen-Lukow, Rachel: Newsweek

Tiboni, Frank: Federal Computer Week

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tiernan, Tom: McGraw-Hill Co.

Tinkelman, Joseph: BNA News

Todaro, Jane: Business Week

Toloken, Steve: Crain Communications

Tonn, Jessica: Education Week

Tosh, Dennis A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Triplett, Michael R.: BNA News

Trompeter, Erin: Research Institute of America Group

Troshinsky, Lisa: Aviation Week

Trotter, Andrew: Education Week

Trowbridge, Gordon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tsui, Amy: BNA News

Tucker, Miriam E.: International Medical News Group

Tumulty, Karen: Time Magazine

Tuttle, Steve: Newsweek

Tyson, Daniel: Business Publishers

Uhlendorf, Karl: FDC Reports

Urdan, Rachel: Inside Washington Publishers

Vaida, Bara: National Journal

Vample, Gwendolyn: Thompson Publishing Group

Vandegrift, Beth: Thompson Publishing Group

Verton, Daniel: IDG Communications

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Victor, Kirk: National Journal

Villemez, Jennifer T.: Washington Business Information

Vinch, Charles: Army Times Publishing Co.

Vissiere, Helene: Le Point

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Wachter, Kerri: International Medical News Group

Wait, Patience: Government Computer News

Wakeman, Nick: Washington Technology

Walczak, Lee: Business Week

Walker, Christopher: FDC Reports

Walker, Elizabeth: FDC Reports

Walker, Karen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Walker, Richard: Government Computer News

Wallace, Nicole: Chronicle of Higher Education

Waller, Douglas C.: Time Magazine

Wallison, Ethan: Roll Call

Walsh, Gertrude: Government Computer News

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U.S. News & World Report

Walsh, Mark: Education Week

Walter, Amy: Cook Political Report

Ware, Patricia: BNA News

Warnecke, Michael: BNA News

Warner, Veronica Lynn: Tax Notes

Watkins, Steve: Army Times Publishing Co.

Weaver, Heather Forsgren: Crain Communications

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Webster, Susan: BNA News

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Weil, Jenny: McGraw-Hill Co.

Weinstein, Gary A.: BNA News

Weisskopf, Michael: Time Magazine

Welch, Jake: National Journal

Wells, Robert J.: Tax Notes

Welsh, William E.: Washington Technology

Werner, Karen Leigh: BNA News

Westbrook, Roberto: American Lawyer Media

Whalen, John M.: BNA News

Whalley-Hill, Jayne: UCG

Wheeler, David L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Whieldon, Esther: McGraw-Hill Co.

White, Elizabeth A.: BNA News

White, Rodney A.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Whitelaw, Kevin: U.S. News & World Report

Whitten, Daniel: McGraw-Hill Co.

Whittington, Lauren: Roll Call

Wieser, Eric: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wilczek, Michael J.: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wilczek, Yin: BNA News

Wildavsky, Ben: U.S. News & World Report

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: Business Week

Wilhelm, Ian: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wilkerson, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Willen, Mark: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Eileen J.: BNA News

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeffrey: Satellite Business News

Williams, Risa: Tax Notes

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Winston, Sherie: McGraw-Hill Co.

Winter, Thomas S.: Human Events

Wisniowski, Charles: CD Publications

Witkin, Gordon: U.S. News & World Report

Witt, Elder: Governing

Wittman, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Woellert, Lorraine: Business Week

Wolffe, Richard: Newsweek

Wolverton, Bradley: Chronicle of Higher Education

Woo, Steve: CD Publications

Wooldridge, Adrian: Economist

Wright, Charlotte: McGraw-Hill Co.

Wyand, Michael W.: BNA News

Yachnin, Jennifer: Roll Call

Yaksick Jr., George L.: CCH Inc.

Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

Yang, Catherine T.: Business Week

Yarborough, Mary Helen: Thompson Publishing Group

Yasin, Rutrell: Federal Computer Week

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yingling, Jennifer: The Hill

Yochelson, Mindy: BNA News

Yohannan, Suzanne: Inside Washington Publishers

[[Page 1023]]

York, Byron: National Review

Young, Jeffrey: The Hill

Young, Jeffrey R.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zagorin, Adam: Time Magazine

Zaneski, Cyril (Cy): Environment & Energy Publishing

Zehr, Mary Ann: Education Week

Zeller, Shawn: Government Executive

Zengerle, Jason: New Republic

Zhu, Jing: Inside Washington Publishers

Ziegler, Mollie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Zimmerman, Sacha: Reader's Digest

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News

Zurcher, Anthony W.: Congressional Digest

