

Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), July 2005. - 


Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), July 2005.
[Pages 957-964]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

                     www.senate.gov/galleries/photo

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
      Assistant Director.--Sonya Hebert.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Tim Dillon, Chairman
                                            Dennis Brack, Secretary-
                                                Treasurer
                                            Scott Applewhite
                                            Khue Bui
                                            Stephen Crowley
                                            Robert Pearson
                                 ________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (c) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads of Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.

[[Page 958]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 959]]



                                     

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Alleruzzo, Maya: Washington Times

Alswang, Ralph: Freelance

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arias, Juana L.: Washington Post

Arrossi, Eddie: Freelance

Ashe, James F.: Freelance

Ashley, Douglas G.: Suburban Communications Corp.

Atlan, Jean-Louis: Paris-Match

Attlee, Tracey A.: Freelance

Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

Ballard, Karen: Freelance

Bandeira, Pedro: The Hill

Barouh, Stan: Freelance

Barrett, Steve E.: Freelance

Baughman, J. Ross: Washington Times

Baylen, Liz: Washington Times

Beals, Herman: Reuters News Pictures

Beiser, H. Darr: USA/Today

Bengiveno, Nicole: The New York Times

Benic, Patrick T.: United Press International

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Biber, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Biddle, Susan: Washington Post

Bigwood, Jeremy: Freelance

Bingham, Mary (Molly): Freelance

Binks, Porter L.: Sports Illustrated

Blass, Eileen M.: USA/Today

Bloom, Richard: National Journal

Bochatey, Terry F.: Reuters News Pictures

Bogert, Jr., Jeremiah M.: The New York Times

Boitano, Stephen J.: Freelance

Boston, Bernard N.: Bryce Mountain Courier

Bouchard, Renee M.: Freelance

Bourg, Jim: Reuters News Pictures

Bowe, Christy: ImageCatcher News

Brack, William D.: Black Star

Brantley, James: Washington Times

Bridges, George S.: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Brooks, Dudley: Washington Post

Brown, Robert A.: Richmond Times Dispatch

Brown, Stephen R.: Freelance

Bui, Khue: Newsweek

Burke, Lauren V.: Freelance

Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

Burns, David S.: Photo Trends, Inc.

Calvert, Mary F.: Washington Times

Cameron, Gary A.: Reuters News Pictures

Carioti, Richard A.: Washington Post

Carrier, Jason M.: Freelance

Cavanaugh, Matthew T.: Freelance

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Ceneta, Manuel B.: Associated Press Photos

Chikwendiu, Jahi: Washington Post

Chung, Andre F.: Baltimore Sun

Clark, Bill: Gannett

Clark, Kevin: Washington Post

Clement, Richard: Reuters News Pictures

Clendenin, Jay L.: Freelance

Cohen, Marshall H.: Bigmarsh News Photos

Colburn, James E.: Lincoln Journal-Star

Connor, Michael: Washington Times

Conway, Stuart: Daily Telegraph (London)

Cook, Dennis: Associated Press Photos

Cooke, John: Credit Union Times

Coppage, Gary R.: Photo Press International

Corcoran, Thomas Michael: Freelance

Crandall, Bill: Freelance

Crandall, Rob: Freelance

Crowley, Stephen: The New York Times

Curtis, Rob: Army Times Publishing

Cutts, Peter J.: Freelance

D'Angelo, Rebecca: Freelance

DeArmas, Adrienne: Freelance

Devorah, Carrie: Freelance

Dharapak, Charles: Associated Press Photos

DiBari, Jr., Michael: Freelance

Dillon, Timothy P.: USA/Today

Douliery, Olivier: ABACA Press

Downing, Lawrence: Reuters News Pictures

Doyle, Kevin W.: Freelance

Du Cille, Michel: Washington Post

Dukehart, Coburn: USAToday.com

Eddins, Jr., Joseph M.: Washington Times

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Elfers, Steve: Army Times Publishing

Ellis, Richard: Getty Images

Ellsworth, Katie: Time Magazine

Emanuel, Hector: Freelance

Ericsson, Hans: Freelance

Ernst, Jonathan: Freelance

Fabiano, Gary: Sipa Press

Falk, Steven M.: The Philadelphia Daily News

Falls, Jr., John W.: Freelance

Fenster, J. Adam: The Gazette

Ferraro, Beth: Newsweek

Ferrell, Scott: CQ Weekly

Ficara, John F.: Freelance

Fitz-Patrick, Bill: Freelance

Fiume, Gregory C: Freelance

[[Page 960]]

Foster, Jacqueline Mia: Freelance

Francis, Lloyd: Army Times Publishing

Franko, Jeff: Gannett

Frazza, Luke: Agence France Presse

Fremson, Ruth: The New York Times

Frischling, Steven E: World Picture News

Gainer, Denny: USAToday.com

Gamarra, Ruben F.: Notimex

Gandhi, Pareshkumar A.: Rediff.com/India Abroad Pub.

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

Gatty, Michael Robert: Periodical News Service

Geissinger, Michael A.: Freelance

Gifford, Porter: Freelance

Gilbert, Patrice J.: Freelance

Glenn, Larry S.: Freelance

Golden, Rachael: The Gazette

Goulait, Bert V.: Washington Times

Graham, Douglas: Roll Call

Graves, Thomas A: Freelance

Gripas, Yuri: Sipa Press

Gunther, Brendan: European Press Photo

Guzy, Carol: Washington Post

Hairston, Kim: Baltimore Sun

Hall, John: Associated Press Photos

Halstead, Dirck: The Digital Journalist

Hamburg, Harry: New York Daily News

Harnik, Andrew: The Journal Newspapers

Harrington, John H.: Black Star

Harris, Steven J.: Polaris Images

Hartmann, Paul: Freelance

Heasley, Shaun: Freelance

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Herbert, Gerald: Associated Press Photos

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Hittle, David E.: Freelance

Hobby, David C.: Baltimore Sun

Holloway, David S.: Freelance

Hosefros, Paul: The New York Times

Jackson, Lawrence: Associated Press Photos

Jacobs, Vance: Freelance

Jennings, Stan: Jennings Publications

Johnson, Richard D.: Freelance

Jones, Peter: Reuters News Pictures

Joseph, Marvin: Washington Post

Juarez, Miguel: Reforma

Kahn, Nikki: Washington Post

Kang, Hyungwon: Reuters News Pictures

Katz, Martin I.: Chesapeake News Service

Kemper, Gary: European Press Photo

Kennedy, Chuck: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Kennerly, David H.: Newsweek

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleinfeld, Michael: United Press International

Kleponis, Chris: Freelance

Kon, Toshiyuki: The Yomiuri Shimbun

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Kozak, Richard: Army Times Publishing

Kraft, Brooks: Time Magazine

Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters News Pictures

Lamkey, Jr., Rod A.: Washington Times

LaVor, Martin L.: Freelance

Lee, Chang W.: The New York Times

Lee, David Y.: Freelance

Lee, James J.: Army Times Publishing

Lessig, Alan: Army Times Publishing

Lewis, Roy: Washington Informer

Lewter, Lani R.: Global News Photos

Lipski, Richard A.: Washington Post

Liss, Steve: Time Magazine

Lopossay, Monica: Baltimore Sun

LoScalzo, Jim: U.S. News & World Report

Lu, Mingxiang: Xinhua News Agency

Lutzky, Micheal: Washington Post

Lynaugh, Michael: Freelance

Lynch, Liz: National Journal

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey G.: U.S. News & World Report

Maddaloni, Chris: Roll Call

Madrid, Michael: USA/Today

Mahaskey, Michael Scott: Army Times Publishing

Makely, John: Baltimore Sun

Mallin, Jay: Freelance

Mallory, Tyler: Freelance

Malonson, Jacqueline: Freelance

Mara, Melina: Washington Post

Markel, Brad: Capri

Marks, Donovan: Freelance

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Martinez Monsivais, Pablo: Associated Press Photos

Mathieson, Greg E.: MAI Photo Agency

McDermid, Brendan: European Press Photo

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McKay, Richard D.: Cox Newspapers

McNamee, Win: Getty Images

Meyers, Keith: The New York Times

Mills, Douglas: The New York Times

Mohin, Andrea: The New York Times

Morris, Christopher: Time Magazine

Morris, Larry E.: Washington Post

Morris, Ryan: Fauquier Times Democrat

Mosley, Leigh H: The Washington Blade

Murphy, Timothy A.: Freelance

Musi, Vincent J.: Time Magazine

Nelson, Andrew P.: Christian Science Monitor

Newton, Gregg: Reuters News Pictures

Newton, Jonathan: Washington Post

Nipp, Lisa: Freelance

Nisnevitch, Lev: The Weekly Standard

O'Leary, William P: Washington Post

Ommanney, Charles: Newsweek

Ono, Akira: Asahi Shimbun

Otfinowski, Danuta: Freelance

Pajic, Kamenko: Freelance

[[Page 961]]

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

Parcell, James A.: Washington Post

Parker, Howard (Hank) H: Freelance

Parsons, Nate: Washington Post

Pastor, Nancy: Washington Times

Patterson, Kathryn B.: USA/Today

Pearson, Robert L: Agence France Presse

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Perry, William: Freelance

Petros, Bill: Freelance

Philpott, William: Freelance

Poggi, Jennifer: U.S. News & World Report

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Carol T: Freelance

Price, Brian: Times Community Newspapers

Prichard, James W: Education Week

Pryke, John Donald: Reuters News Pictures

Purcell, Steven: Freelance

Raab, Susana A: Freelance

Raimondo, Lois: Washington Post

Rasmussen, Randy L.: Oregonian

Reed, Jason: Reuters News Pictures

Reeder, Robert A: Washington Post

Reinhard, Rick: Impact Digitals

Remsberg, Edwin H: Freelance

Ricardel, Vincent J.: Freelance

Richards, Paul J.: Agence France Presse

Richardson, Joel M.: Washington Post

Riecken, Astrid: Washington Times

Riley, Molly: Reuters News Pictures

Roberts, Nicholas: Freelance

Robinson, Scott: Freelance

Robinson-Chavez, Michael: Washington Post

Ronay, Vivian: Freelance

Rose, Jamie: Freelance

Rosenbaum, Daniel: Washington Times

Ryan, Patrick: The Hill

Sachs, Arnold: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Ronald M.: Consolidated News Pictures

Salisbury, Barbara L.: The Gazette

Samperton, Kyle: Freelance

Savoia, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Schaeffer, Sandra L.: MAI Photo Agency

Schumacher, Karl H.: Freelance

Schwartz, David S.: Freelance

Scull, David: Freelance

Shell, Mary: Time Magazine

Shelley, Allison: Education Week

Silverman, Joseph A.: Washington Times

Simon, Martin: Corbis

Sloan, Timothy: Agence France Presse

Smialowski, Brendan: Freelance

Smith, Dayna: Washington Post

Sommer, Emilie: Freelance

Somodevilla, Kenneth: Freelance

Souza, Peter J.: Chicago Tribune

Spillers, Linda J.: Freelance

Spoden, Leonard: Freelance

Springer, Mike: Zuma Press

Starr, Adele: Freelance

Steele, Rick: Post-Newsweek Media

Stephenson, Al: Freelance

Sudyatmiko, Karina: Saura Pembaruan

Sykes, Jack W.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Sypher, Mark F.: Fauquier Times Democrat

Takeda, Yasushi: Shukan Shincho, Shinchosha Co.

Talbott, Jay: Freelance

Temchine, Michael: Freelance

Theiler, Michael: Freelance

Thew, Shawn: European Press Photo

Thiessen, Mark: National Geographic

Thomas, Margaret: Washington Post

Thomas, Ronald W.: Freelance

Thresher, James M.: Washington Post

Tines, Charles V.: The Detroit News

Trippett, Robert: Freelance

Turner, Tyrone: Freelance

Usher, Chris: Freelance

Van Riper, Frank A.: WashingtonPost.com

Varias, Stelios A.: Reuters News Pictures

Visser, Robert: Photopress Washington

Voisin, Sarah L.: Washington Post

Votaw, Jr., Charles W.: Freelance

Vucci, Evan: Associated Press Photos

Wagreich, Ian: Freelance

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walker, Harry E.: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

Walter, Micah: Freelance

Wang, Ting-Li: The New York Times

Watkins, Jr., Frederick L.: Johnson Publishing Co.

Watson, James H.: Agence France Presse

Watson, Ricardo A.: Freelance

Westbrook, Roberto: Legal Times

Westcott, Jay: Freelance

Whitney-Wilkerson, Susan: The Gazette

Williams, Tom: Roll Call

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Jamal A.: Freelance

Wilson, Jim: The New York Times

Wilson, Mark L.: Getty Images

Wines, Heather: Gannett

Wolf, Kevin: Freelance

Wolf, Lloyd: Freelance

Wollenberg, Roger L.: United Press International

Wong, Alex: Getty Images

Woodall, Andrea Bruce: Washington Post

Woodward, Tracy A.: Washington Post

Wright, Donald A.: Freelance

Yim, Heesoon: Hana

Yohai, Roey: Washington Times

Zachmanoglou, Nike: Freelance

Zaklin, Stefan: Freelance

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

[[Page 962]]

                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

       (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of 
                             representative)

ABACA PRESS--(212) 244-8460; 28 West 36th Street, Suite 703, New York, NY 
10018: Douliery, Olivier.

AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE--(202) 414-0551; 1015 15th Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Frazza, Luke; Pearson, Robert; Richards, Paul; Sloan, 
Timothy; Watson, James.

ARMY TIMES PUBLISHING--(703) 750-8170; 6883 Commercial Drive, Springfield, 
VA 22159: Curtis, Rob; Elfers, Steve; Kozak, Richard; Lee, James; Lessig, 
Alan; Francis, Lloyd; Mahaskey, Michael.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, 529 14th 
Street, NW., Washington, DC 20045: Ono, Akira.

ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS--(202) 776-9510; 2021 K Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Applewhite, J. Scott; Ceneta, Manuel; Cook, Dennis; Dharapak, 
Charles; Edmonds, Ronald; Hall, John; Helber, Stephen; Herbert, Gerald; 
Jackson, Lawrence; Martinez Monsivais, Pablo; Savoia, Stephen; Vucci, Evan; 
Walsh, Susan.

BALTIMORE SUN--(410) 332-6941; 501 North Calvert Street, Baltimore, MD 
21278: Chung, Andre; Hairston, Kim; Hobby, David; Lopossay, Monica; Makely, 
John.

BIGMARSH NEWS PHOTOS--(202) 364-8332; 5131 52nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Cohen, Marshall.

BLACK STAR--(703) 547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Rd, Alexandria, VA 22308: Brack, 
William; Harrington, John.

BRYCE MOUNTAIN COURIER--(540) 856-3255; P.O. Box 247, 68 Polk Street, 
Basye, VA 22810: Boston, Bernard.

CAPRI--(717) 757-2962; 485 Sundale Drive, York, PA 17402: Markel, Brad.

CHESAPEAKE NEWS SERVICE--(410) 484-3500; P.O. Box 141, Brooklandville, MD 
21022: Katz, Martin.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8200; 1325 G Street, NW., Suite 200, Washington, 
DC 20005: Souza, Peter.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(617) 450-2000; 1 Norway Street, Boston, MA 
02115: Nelson, Andrew.

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--(202) 543-3203; 10305 Leslie Street, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902-4857: Sachs, Arnold; Sachs, Ronald.

CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--(212) 695-7750; 341 West 38th Street, 7th Floor, New 
York, NY 10018: Burnett, David.

CORBIS-902--Broadway, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010: Simon, Martin.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 331-0900; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: McKay, Richard.

CQ WEEKLY--(202) 822-1431; 1414 22nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 20037: 
Ferrell, Scott.

CREDIT UNION TIMES--(301) 845-7820; 8507 Inspiration Avenue, Walkersville, 
MD 21793: Cooke, John.

DAILY TELEGRAPH (LONDON)--(202) 393-5195; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20005: Conway, Stuart.

EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-3100; 6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100, Bethesda, 
MD 20814: Prichard, James; Shelley, Allison.

EUROPEAN PRESS PHOTO--(202) 347-4694; 1252 National Press Building, 529 
14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20045: Gunther, Brendan ``CJ''; Kemper, 
Gary; McDermid, Brendan; Thew, Shawn.

FAUQUIER TIMES DEMOCRAT--39 Culpeper Street, Warrenton, VA 20186: Morris, 
Ryan; Sypher, Mark.

FRONTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--(301) 229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 20812: 
Lynch, M., Patricia.

GANNETT--(703) 854-5800; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22107: Clark, 
Bill; Franko, Jeff; Wines, Heather.

GETTY IMAGES--(646) 613-3703; One Hudson Place, 75 Varick Street, New York, 
NY 10013: Ellis, Richard; McNamee, Win; Wilson, Mark; Wong, Alex.

GLOBAL NEWS PHOTOS--P.O Box 0082 Homecrest, Brooklyn, NY 11229: Lewter, 
Lani.

GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 332-2727; 107 Frederick Avenue, Babylon, 
NY 11702: Panagos, Dimitrios.

HANA--(202) 262-4541; 11311 Park Drive, Fairfax, VA 22030: Yim, Heesoon.

HURRIYET--(703) 978-8073; 8910 Moreland Lane, Annandale, VA 22003: Biber, 
Mehmet.

[[Page 963]]

IMAGECATCHER NEWS--4911 Hampden Lane, Apt #3, Bethesda, MD 20814: Bowe, 
Christy.

IMPACT DIGITALS--(212) 614 8406; 171 Thompson Stret, #9, New York, NY 
10012: Reinhard, Rick.

JENNINGS PUBLICATIONS--(301) 946-5538; 2600 Plyers Mill Road, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902: Jennings, Stan.

JOHNSON PUBLISHING CO.--(202) 393-5860; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20006: Watkins, Jr., Frederick.

KNIGHT RIDDER TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-6142; 700 12th Street, NW., 
Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20005: Bridges, George; Kennedy, Chuck; Walker, 
Harry.

 LEGAL TIMES--(202) 457-0686; 1730 M Street, NW., Suite 802, Washington, DC 
20036: Westbrook, Roberto.

LINCOLN JOURNAL-STAR--(402) 473-7482; 926 P Street, Lincoln, NE. 68508: 
Colburn, James.

MAI PHOTO AGENCY--(703) 968-0030; 6601 Ashmere Lane, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Mathieson, Greg; Schaeffer, Sandra.

NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC--(202) 857-7000; 1145 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Thiessen, Mark.

NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, NW., Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20005: Bloom, Richard; Lynch, Liz.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6670; 1215 17th Street, NW., 3rd Floor, 
Washington, DC 20036: Hamburg, Harry.

NEWSWEEK--(202) 626-2085; 1750 Pennsylvania Ave., NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Bui, Khue; Ferraro, Beth; Kennerly, David; Ommanney, Charles.

NOTIMEX--(202) 347-5227; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 425, Washington, DC 
20045-1401: Gamarra, Ruben.

PARIS-MATCH--2225 49th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20007: Atlan, Jean-
Louis.

PERIODICAL NEWS SERVICE--9206 Vollmerhausen Road, Jessup, MD 20794: Gatty, 
Michael.

PHOTO PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(703) 548-7172: Coppage, Gary.

PHOTO TRENDS, INC.--548 8th Avenue, suite 401, New York, NY 10018: Burns, 
David.

PHOTOPRESS WASHINGTON--(202) 234-8787; National Press Building, Suite 2105, 
Washington, DC 20045: Visser, Robert.

POLARIS IMAGES--259 W. 30th Street, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10001: Harris, 
Steven.

POST-NEWSWEEK MEDIA--(301) 948-3120; 1200 Quince Orchard Blvd, 
Gaithersburg, MD 20878: Steele, Rick.

PROFESSIONAL PILOT MAGAZINE--3014 Colvin Street, Alexandria, VA 22314: 
Sykes, Jack.

REDIFF.COM / INDIA ABROAD PUB.--(646) 432-6054; 43 West 24th Street, 2nd 
Floor, New York, NY 10010: Gandhi, Pareshkumar.

REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1126 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Juarez, Miguel.

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--(202) 898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW., Suite 410, 
Washington, DC 20005: Beals, Herman; Bochatey, Terry; Bourg, Jim; Cameron, 
Gary; Clement, Richard; Downing, Lawrence; Hershorn, Gary; Jones, Peter; 
Kang, Hyungwon; Lamarque, Kevin; Newton, Gregg; Pryke, John; Reed, Jason; 
Riley, Molly; Varias, Stelios.

ROLL CALL--(202) 824-6800; 50 F Street, NW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 
20001: Graham, Douglas; Maddaloni, Chris; Williams, Tom.

SAURA PEMBARUAN--(703) 534-6014; 1908 Armand Court, Falls Church, VA 22043: 
Sudyatmiko, Karina.

SHUKAN SHINCHO, SHINCHOSHA CO.--(703) 243-1569; 2001 North Adams Street, 
#715, Arlington, VA 22201: Takeda, Yasushi.

SIPA PRESS--(212) 463-0150; 30 West 21st Street, New York, NY 10010: 
Fabiano, Gary.

SPORTS ILLUSTRATED--(212) 522-3325; 1271 Avenue of the Americas, Room 1970, 
New York, NY 10020: Binks, Porter.

SUBURBAN COMMUNICATIONS CORP.--(810) 645-5164; 872 Dursley Road, Bloomfield 
Hills, ME 48304: Ashley, Douglas.

THE DETROIT NEWS--(312) 222-2030; 615 West Lafayette Avenue, Photo Dept, 
Detroit, MI 48226: Tines, Charles.

THE DIGITAL JOURNALIST--Center for American History, University of Texas at 
Austin, Austin, TX 78712: Halstead, Dirck.

THE GAZETTE--(301) 948-3120; 1200 Quince Orchard Boulevard, Gaithersburg, 
MD 20878: Fenster, J. Adam; Golden, Rachael; Salisbury, Barbara; Whitney-
Wilkerson, Susan.

THE HILL--(202) 628-8525; 733 15th Street, Washington, DC 20005: Bandeira, 
Pedro; Ryan, Patrick.

THE JOURNAL NEWSPAPERS--6408 Edsall Road, Alexandria, VA 22312: Harnik, 
Andrew.

THE NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 Eye Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Bengiveno, Nicole; Bogert, Jr., Jeremiah; Crowley, Stephen; Fremson, 
Ruth; Hosefros, Paul; Lee, Chang; Meyers, Keith; Mills, Douglas; Mohin, 
Andrea; Wang, Ting-Li; Wilson, Jim.

THE OREGONIAN--(503) 221-8370; 1320 SW Broadway, Portland, OR 97201: 
Rasmussen, Randy.

THE PHILADELPHIA DAILY NEWS--400 N. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19130: 
Falk, Steven.

[[Page 964]]

THE RICHMOND TIMES DISPATCH--(804) 649-6486; 300 E Franklin Street, 
Richmond, VA 23219: Brown, Robert.

THE WASHINGTON BLADE--1408 U Street, NW., 2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20009: 
Mosley, Leigh.

THE WASHINGTON INFORMER--(202) 561-4100; 3117 Martin L. King Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20032: Lewis, Roy.

THE WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7380; 1150 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20071: Arias, Juana; Biddle, Susan; Brooks, Dudley; Carioti, Richard; 
Chikwendiu, Jahi; Clark, Kevin; Du Cille, Michel; Guzy, Carol; Joseph, 
Marvin; Kahn, Nikki; Lipski, Richard; Lutzky, Micheal; Mara, Melina; 
Martineau, Gerald; McDonnell, John; Morris, Larry; Newton, Jonathan; 
O'Leary, William; Parcell, James; Parsons, Nate; Perkins, Lucien; Raimondo, 
Lois; Reeder, Robert; Richardson, Joel; Robinson-Chavez, Michael; Smith, 
Dayna; Thomas, Margaret; Thresher, James; Voisin, Sarah; Williamson, 
Michael; Woodall, Andrea; Woodward, Tracy.

THE WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Ave., NE., Washington, 
DC 20002: Alleruzzo, Maya; Baughman, J. Ross; Baylen, Liz; Brantley, James; 
Calvert, Mary; Connor, Michael; Eddins, Jr., Joseph; Goulait, Bert; Lamkey, 
Jr., Rod; Pastor, Nancy; Riecken, Astrid; Rosenbaum, Daniel; Silverman, 
Joseph; Yohai, Roey.

THE WEEKLY STANDARD--1150 17th Street, NW., Suite 505, Washington, DC 
20036: Nisnevitch, Lev.

THE YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(212) 582-5827; 50 Rockefeller Plaza, #903, New York, 
NY 10020: Kon, Toshiyuki.

TIME MAGAZINE--(202) 861-4062; 555 12th Street, NW., Suite 600, Washington, 
DC 20004: Ellsworth, Katie; Kraft, Brooks; Liss, Steve; Morris, 
Christopher; Musi, Vincent; Shell, Mary; Walker, Diana;

TIMES COMMUNITY NEWSPAPERS--1760 Reston Parkway, Suite 411, Reston, VA 
20190: Price, Brian.

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2210; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, 
NW., Washington, DC 20007: Archambault, Charles; LoScalzo, Jim; MacMillan, 
Jeffrey; Poggi, Jennifer.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 387-7965; 1510 H Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20005: Benic, Patrick; Kleinfeld, Michael; Wollenberg, Roger.

USA / TODAY--(703) 854-5216; 7950 Jones Branch Road, McLean, VA 22107: 
Beiser, H. Darr; Blass, Eileen; Dillon, Timothy; Madrid, Michael; 
Patterson, Kathryn.

USATODAY.COM--(703) 854-7651; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22108: 
Dukehart, Coburn; Gainer, Denny.

WASHINGTONPOST.COM--3502 Quesada Street, NW., Washington, DC 20025: Van 
Riper, Frank.

WORLD PICTURE NEWS--(212) 871-1207; 62 White Street, Suite 3 East, New 
York, NY 10013: Frischling, Steven.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0086; 1740N 14th Street, Arlington, VA 22209: 
Lu, Mingxiang.

                                FREELANCE

Freelance--Alswang, Ralph; Arrossi, Eddie; Ashe, James; Attlee, Tracey; 
Augustino, Jocelyn; Ballard, Karen; Barouh, Stan; Barrett, Steve; Berg, 
Lisa; Bigwood, Jeremy; Bingham, Mary (Molly); Boitano, Stephen; Bouchard, 
Renee; Brown, Stephen; Burke, Lauren; Carrier, Jason; Cavanaugh, Matthew; 
Cedeno, Ken; Clendenin, Jay; Corcoran, Thomas; Crandall, Rob; Crandall, 
Bill; Cutts, Peter; D'Angelo, Rebecca; DeArmas, Adrienne; Devorah, Carrie; 
DiBari, Jr., Michael; Doyle, Kevin; Emanuel, Hector; Ericsson, Hans; Ernst, 
Jonathan; Falls, Jr., John; Ficara, John; Fitz-Patrick, Bill; Fiume, 
Gregory; Foster, Jacqueline Mia; Garcia, Mannie; Geissinger, Michael; 
Gifford, Porter; Gilbert, Patrice; Glenn, Larry; Graves, Thomas; Gripas, 
Yuri; Hartmann, Paul; Heasley, Shaun; Hittle, David; Holloway, David; 
Jacobs, Vance; Johnson, Richard; Kittner, Sam; Kleponis, Chris; Kossoff, 
Leslie; LaVor, Martin; Lee, David; Lynaugh, Michael; Mallin, Jay; Mallory, 
Tyler; Malonson, Jacqueline; Marks, Donovan; Murphy, Timothy; Nipp, Lisa; 
Otfinowski, Danuta; Pajic, Kamenko; Parker, Howard (Hank); Perry, William; 
Petros, Bill; Philpott, William; Poleski, David; Powers, Carol; Purcell, 
Steven; Raab, Susana; Remsberg, Edwin; Ricardel, Vincent; Roberts, 
Nicholas; Robinson, Scott; Ronay, Vivian; Rose, Jamie; Samperton, Kyle; 
Schumacher, Karl; Schwartz, David; Scull, David; Smialowski, Brendan; 
Sommer, Emilie; Somodevilla, Kenneth; Spillers, Linda; Spoden, Leonard; 
Springer, Mike; Starr, Adele; Stephenson, Al; Talbott, Jay; Temchine, 
Michael; Theiler, Michael; Thomas, Ronald; Trippett, Robert; Turner, 
Tyrone; Usher, Chris; Votaw, Jr., Charles; Wagreich, Ian; Walter, Micah; 
Watson, Ricardo; Westcott, Jay; Wilson, Jamal; Wolf, Kevin; Wolf, Lloyd; 
Wright, Donald; Zachmanoglou, Nike; Zaklin, Stefan; Ziffer, Steve.


