

Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), July 2005. - 


Congressional Directory for the 109th Congress (2005-2006), July 2005.
[Pages 929-955]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES*

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
    Deputy Director.--Joan McKinney
            Media Coordinators:
  Amy H. Gross
  Wendy A. Oscarson
  James D. Saris

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945

Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
    Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
        Assistant Superintendents:
Laura Reed
Ric Andersen
Drew Cannon
Molly Cain

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Julie Hirschfeld Davis, The 
                                                Baltimore Sun, Chairman
                                            Chuck McCutcheon, Newhouse 
                                                News Service, Secretary
                                            Bart Jansen, Portland Press 
                                                Herald/Maine Sunday 
                                                Telegraph
                                            Susan Milligan, Boston Globe
                                            Bill Walsh, The Times 
                                                Picayune
                                 ________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule VI of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bone fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.

[[Page 930]]

    4. An applicant for press credentials through the Daily Press 
Galleries must establish to the satisfaction of the Standing Committee 
of Correspondents that he or she is a full-time, paid correspondent who 
requires on-site access to congressional members and staff. 
Correspondents must be employed by a news organization:
    (a) with General Publication periodicals mailing privileges under 
U.S. Postal Service rules, and which publishes daily; or
    (b) whose principal business is the daily dissemination of original 
news and opinion of interest to a broad segment of the public, and which 
has published continuously for 18 months.
    The applicant must reside in the Washington, D.C. area, and must not 
be engaged in any lobbying or paid advocacy, advertising, publicity or 
promotion work for any individual, political party, corporation, 
organization, or agency of the U.S. government, or in prosecuting any 
claim before Congress or any federal government department, and will not 
do so while a member of the Daily Press Galleries.
    Applicants' publications must be editorially independent of any 
institution, foundation or interest group that lobbies the federal 
government, or that is not principally a general news organization.
    Failure to provide information to the Standing Committee for this 
determination, or misrepresenting information, can result in the denial 
or revocation of credentials.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no changes 
in the these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not less 
than 100 accredited members of the galleries.Dennis Hastert, Speaker of 
the House of Representatives.Trent Lott, Chairman, Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration.The above rules have been approved by the 
Committee on Rules and Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 931]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abbott, Charles: Reuters

Abell, John: Reuters

Abrahms, Douglas: Gannett News Service

Abrams, James: Associated Press

Abruzzese, Leo: Bloomberg News

Achenbach, Joel: Washington Post

Ackerman, Liza: Congressional Quarterly

Adair, William: St. Petersburg Times

Adams, Rebecca: Congressional Quarterly

Adcock, Beryl: Knight Ridder

Agres, Theodore: Washington Times

Ahearn, David: Defense Today

Aida, Hirotsugu: Kyodo News

Akita, Hiroyuki: Nikkei

Albanesius, Chloe: National Journal's Technology Daily

Alberts, Sheldon: Canwest News Service

Alconada, Hugo: La Nacion

Alday, Ricardo: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Alden, Edward: Financial Times

Aldinger, Charles: Reuters

Alexander, Charles: Reuters

Alexander, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Ali, Syed: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Michael: Washington Post

Allen, Ross: Argus Media

Allen, JoAnne: Reuters

Allen, Victoria: Reuters

Allen, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Allison, Wes: St. Petersburg Times

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Los Angeles Times

Alpert, Bruce: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Anason, Dean: American Banker

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Andrews, Caesar: Gannett News Service

Andrews, Edmund: New York Times

Angle, Martha: Congressional Quarterly

Anklam, Jr., Fred: USA Today

Aoki, Tadaoki: Nishi-Nippon Shimbun

Appleby, Julie: USA Today

Archibald, George: Washington Times

Arkell, Robert: Washington Examiner

Arnold, Laurence: Bloomberg News

Arthur, William: Bloomberg News

Arundel, Kara: LRP Publications

Asher, Julie: Catholic News Service

Asher, James: Knight Ridder

Ashizuka, Tomoko: Nikkei

Asseo, Laurie: Bloomberg News

Aukofer, Frank: Artists & Writers Syndicate

Aulston, Von: New York Times

Auster, Elizabeth: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Aversa, Jeannine: Associated Press

Azpiazu, Maria: EFE News Services

Babcock, Charles: Washington Post

Babington, Charles: Washington Post

Bachelet, Pablo: Knight Ridder/Miami Herald

Baer, Susan: Baltimore Sun

Bai, Matt: New York Times Magazine

Bailey, Anna: Washington Examiner

Bailey, Ruby: Knight Ridder/Detroit Free Press

Baker, Chris: Washington Times

Baker, Peter: Washington Post

Baker, Frank: Associated Press

Baldor, Lolita: Associated Press

Ball, Michael: Argus Media

Balls, Andrew: Financial Times

Baltimore, Chris: Reuters

Balz, Daniel: Washington Post

Banales, Jorge: EFE News Services

Banks, Adelle: Religion News Service

Barfield Berry, Deborah: Newsday

Barker, Jeffrey: Baltimore Sun

Barnett, James: Oregonian

Barollier, Pascal: Agence France-Presse

Barr, Gary: Washington Post

Barrera, Ruben: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Barrett, Randy: Communications Daily

Barrett, Devlin: Associated Press

Barrett, Randy: National Journal's Technology Daily

Barringer, Felicity: New York Times

Barry, Theresa: Bloomberg News

Barshay, Jill: Congressional Quarterly

Bartash, Jeffry: MarketWatch

Bashir, Mustafa: Saudi Press Agency

Basken, Paul: Bloomberg News

Bater, Jeffrey: Dow Jones Newswires

Batrawy, Aya: Kuwait News Agency

Batt, Tony: Stephens Media Group

Battaile, Janet: New York Times

Bauerlein, Valerie: Raleigh News & Observer

Baygents, Ronald: Kuwait News Agency

Bayot, James: Congressional Quarterly

Bazinet, Kenneth: New York Daily News

Beattie, Jeff: Energy Daily

Beck, Ellen: United Press International

Beck, Tobin: United Press International

Becker, Elizabeth: New York Times

Beckner, Steven: Market News International

Beddall, Katherine: Agence France-Presse

[[Page 932]]

Beech, Eric: Reuters

Behn, Sharon: Washington Times

Bellantoni, Christina: Washington Times

Belopotosky, Danielle: National Journal's Technology Daily

Bendavid, Naftali: Chicago Tribune

Bender, Bryan: Boston Globe

Benedetto, Richard: USA Today

Benenson, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Benincasa, Robert: Gannett News Service

Benkelman, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Bennet, James: New York Times

Benson, Miles: Newhouse News Service

Berardelli, Phil: United Press International

Berger, Matthew: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Bergman, Hannah: American Banker

Berley, Max: Bloomberg News

Bernard, Jerome: Agence France-Presse

Berry, John: Bloomberg News

Bethel, Alison: Detroit News

Bettelheim, Adriel: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, John: Congressional Quarterly

Bilodeau, Otis: Bloomberg News

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Birnbaum, Jeffrey: Washington Post

Bishop, Sam: Fairbanks Daily News Miner

Biskupic, Joan: USA Today

Bivins, Larry: Gannett News Service

Bjerga, Alan: Wichita Eagle

Blackstone, Brian: Dow Jones Newswires

Blackwell, Rob: American Banker

Blakely, Andrei: Washington Examiner

Bland, Melissa: Reuters

Blazar, Laurie: Associated Press

Bliss, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

Block, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Block, Donna: Daily Deal

Blum, Justin: Washington Post

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Bohan, Caren: Reuters

Bold, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Boliek, Brooks: Hollywood Reporter

Bonilla, Laura: Agence France-Presse

Bono, Agostino: Catholic News Service

Borak, Donna: United Press International

Borenstein, Seth: Knight Ridder

Borkowski, Monica: New York Times

Bosman, Julie: New York Times

Bostick, Romaine: Bloomberg News

Bosworth, Geoffrey: Congressional Quarterly

Botjer, Jordan: Asahi Shimbun

Boudreau, Wendy: Congressional Quarterly

Bourge, Christian: United Press International

Bouza, Teresa: EFE News Services

Bovee, Timothy: Associated Press

Bowers, Faye: Christian Science Monitor

Bowman, Tom: Baltimore Sun

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Boyd, Robert: Knight Ridder

Brady, Erik: USA Today

Branch-Brioso, Karen: St. Louis Post Dispatch

Branson, Louise: USA Today

Brasher, Philip: Des Moines Register

Braun, Stephen: Los Angeles Times

Bravin, Jess: Wall Street Journal

Bredemeier, Kenneth: Chicago Tribune

Bremner, Faith: Gannett News Service

Bridis, Ted: Associated Press

Brinkley, Joel: New York Times

Bristol, Nellie: Health News Daily

Brock, Gregory: New York Times

Broder, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Broder, David: Washington Post

Brodmann, Ronald: Congressional Quarterly

Brogan, Pamela: Gannett News Service

Brooks, Jennifer: Gannett News Service

Brooks, David: La Jornada

Brooks, David: New York Times

Brosnan, James: Scripps Howard News Service

Brown, Steve: LRP Publications

Brown, David: Washington Post

Brownstein, Ronald: Los Angeles Times

Brune, Thomas: Newsday

Bumiller, Elisabeth: New York Times

Bunis, Dena: Orange County Register

Burke, Alecia: Congressional Quarterly

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones Newswires

Burns, Susan: Cox Newspapers

Burns, Robert: Associated Press

Burt, Andy: Bloomberg News

Bush, Rudolph: Chicago Tribune

Buskirk, Howard: Communications Daily

Bustos, Sergio: Gannett News Service

Butler, Steven: Knight Ridder

Calamur, Krishnadev: United Press International

Calmes, Jackie: Wall Street Journal

Camia, Catalina: Gannett News Service

Camire, Dennis: Gannett News Service

Canas, Rafael: EFE News Services

Canellos, Peter: Boston Globe

Cantaloube, Thomas: Le Parisien

Cantlupe, Joe: Copley News Service

Capaccio, Anthony: Bloomberg News

Caplan, Abby: Argus Media

Cardman, Michael: LRP Publications

Caretto, Ennio: Il Corriere Della Sera

Carey, Mary Agnes: Congressional Quarterly

Carlson, Peter: Washington Post

Carmichael, Kevin: Bloomberg News

Carnevale, Mary: Wall Street Journal

Carney, Dan: USA Today

Carney, David: Tech Law Journal

Carr, Rebecca: Cox Newspapers

Carreno, Jose: El Universal

Carroll, James: Louisville Courier Journal

[[Page 933]]

Carroll, James: Congressional Quarterly

Carter, Charlene: Congressional Quarterly

Carter, Thomas: Washington Times

Cartwright, Linda: Congressional Quarterly

Casey, Winter: National Journal's Technology Daily

Cason, James: La Jornada

Caspar, Lucian: Basler Zeitung

Cass O'Connell, Connie: Associated Press

Cassata, Donna: Associated Press

Casteel, Chris: Daily Oklahoman

Ch. Savage, Luiza: New York Sun

Chaddock, Gail: Christian Science Monitor

Chang, Tsung-Chih: United Daily News

Charles, Deborah: Reuters

Chase, Katharine: LRP Publications

Chebium, Raju: Gannett News Service

Chen, Zhigang: Singtao Daily

Chen, Edwin: Los Angeles Times

Chen, Sammie: Gannett News Service

Chi, Wennie: Central News Agency

Chiacu, Doina: Reuters

Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: Il Giornale

Chipman, Kimberly: Bloomberg News

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christie, Rebecca: Dow Jones Newswires

Chwallek, Gabriele: German Press Agency/DPA

Ciccone, Risa Akiyama: Nishi-Nippon Shimbun

Cindemir, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Clark, Drew: National Journal's Technology Daily

Clarke, David: Congressional Quarterly

Clemetson, Lynette: New York Times

Cloud, David: Wall Street Journal

Coache, Wendy: Associated Press

Cobb, Jr., Charles: AllAfrica.com

Cochran, John: Congressional Quarterly

Codrea, George: Congressional Quarterly

Cohen, Stephanie: MarketWatch

Cohen, Robert: Newark Star-Ledger

Cohn, Peter: CongressDaily

Cohn, D'Vera: Washington Post

Coile, Zachary: San Francisco Chronicle

Cole, Justin: Agence France-Presse

Collie, Kristen: Hearst Newspapers

Collins, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Condon, Jr., George: Copley News Service

Conkey, Christopher: Wall Street Journal

Conlon, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Conners, Maureen: Congressional Quarterly

Connolly, Ceci: Washington Post

Connor, John: Dow Jones Newswires

Constantine, Gus: Washington Times

Cook, David: Christian Science Monitor

Cooper, Christopher: Wall Street Journal

Cooper, Catherine: Congressional Quarterly

Cooper, Patrick: USA Today

Cooper, Sonya: Bloomberg News

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Cooper, Helene: New York Times

Cooper, Kent: Political Money Line

Cooperman, Alan: Washington Post

Copeland, Libby: Washington Post

Copeland, Peter: Scripps Howard News Service

Copp, Tara: Scripps Howard News Service

Corbett, Rebecca: New York Times

Corbett Dooren, Jennifer: Dow Jones Newswires

Corchado, Alfredo: Dallas Morning News

Cornwell, Susan Jean: Reuters

Cornwell, Rupert: London Independent

Cowan, Richard: Reuters

Cox, James: USA Today

Crabtree, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Crane, Mark: USA Today

Cranford, John: Congressional Quarterly

Crawford, Craig: Congressional Quarterly

Crawley, John: Reuters

Crawley, James: Media General News Service

Crenshaw, Albert: Washington Post

Crewdson, John: Chicago Tribune

Crites, Alice: Washington Post

Crittenden, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Crutsinger, Martin: Associated Press

Cubbison, Christopher: USA Today

Cummings, Jeanne: Wall Street Journal

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Curtius, Mary: Los Angeles Times

Cushman, Jr., John: New York Times

Czarniak, Chet: USA Today

DaCosta, Mario Navarro: ABIM News Agency

Dahne, Hans: German Press Agency/DPA

Dalglish, Arthur: Cox Newspapers

Dalrymple, Mary: Associated Press

Daly, Matthew: Associated Press

Daly, Dr. John: United Press International

Dangond, Silvia: El Columbiano

Daniel, Douglass: Associated Press

Dannheisser, Ralph: Congressional Quarterly

Dao, James: New York Times

Dart, Robert: Cox Newspapers

Davenport, Todd: American Banker

Davidson, Julie: LRP Publications

Davidson, Paul: USA Today

Davies, Frank: Miami Herald

Davila, Juan: Associated Press

Davis, Susan: CongressDaily

Davis, Tamainia: Denver Post

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Davis, David: Congressional Quarterly

Davis, Crystal: Knight Ridder

Davis, Julie: Baltimore Sun

Davis, Robert: USA Today

Day, Kathleen: Washington Post

de Borchgrave, Arnaud: United Press International

De LaCruz, Donna: Associated Press

de Toledano, Ralph: National News Research Syndicate

[[Page 934]]

Deans, Jr., Robert: Cox Newspapers

DeBose, Brian: Washington Times

Decker, Susan: Bloomberg News

DeFrank, Thomas: New York Daily News

Deibel, Mary: Scripps Howard News Service

Del Giudice, Vincent: Bloomberg News

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Delgado, Jose': El Nuevo Dia

Delollis, Barbara: USA Today

Delporte, Christopher: Medical Device Daily

DeMarco, Edward: Bloomberg News

Deogun, Nikhil: Wall Street Journal

Dermody, William: USA Today

Dermota, Kenneth: Agence France-Presse

DeSenne, Michael: SmartMoney.com

Deutsch, Jack: CongressDaily

DeWitt, Karen: Washington Examiner

Diamond, John: USA Today

Diaz, Kevin: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Dick, Jason: CongressDaily

Dillin, Jr., John: Christian Science Monitor

Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

Dine, Philip: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Dineen, John: Congressional Quarterly

Dinmore, Guy: Financial Times

Divis, Dee Ann: United Press International

Dlouhy, Jennifer: Hearst Newspapers

Dobbyn, Timothy: Reuters

Dodge, Robert: Dallas Morning News

Dodge, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Doering, Christopher: Reuters

Doggett, Tom: Reuters

Doherty, Robert: Reuters

Dolan, Michael: Reuters

Donmoyer, Ryan: Bloomberg News

Donnelly, John: Congressional Quarterly

Dono, Linda: Gannett News Service

Dooley-Young, Kerry: Bloomberg News

Dorell, Oren: USA Today

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Doublet, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Doughty, Stuart: Reuters

Douglas, William: Knight Ridder

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Doyle, Timothy: Bloomberg News

Drajem, Mark: Bloomberg News

Drawbaugh, Kevin: Reuters

Dreazen, Yochi: Wall Street Journal

Drees, Caroline: Reuters

Drinkard, Jim: USA Today

Drogin, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Drummond, Bob: Bloomberg News

Duggan, Loren: Congressional Quarterly

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Duke, Lynne: Washington Post

Duncan, Leslie: Congressional Quarterly

Dung, Duc Dong: Vietnam News Agency

Dunham, Will: Reuters

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Duriez, Isabelle: Ouest/France

Eastham, Todd: Reuters

Easton, Nina: Boston Globe

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Eckert, Paul: Reuters

Eckert, Toby: Copley News Service

Eckstrom, Kevin: Religion News Service

Edmonds, Sarah: Reuters

Edmonds, Jr., Ronald: Associated Press

Edsall, Thomas: Washington Post

Efron, Sonni: Los Angeles Times

Efstathiou, James: Bloomberg News

Eggen, Daniel: Washington Post

Eisler, Peter: USA Today

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Hamti, Maribel: EFE News Services

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

Elgood, Giles: Reuters

Ellicott, Val: Gannett News Service

Ellis, Kristi: Fairchild News Service

Elsner, Alan: Reuters

Enoch, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Epstein, Victor: Bloomberg News

Epstein, Keith: Tampa Tribune

Epstein, Edward: San Francisco Chronicle

Espo, David: Associated Press

Estevez, Dolia: El Financiero

Estill, Jerry: Associated Press

Evans, Ben: Congressional Quarterly

Eversley, Melanie: USA Today

Fabi, Randy: Reuters

Fagan, Amy: Washington Times

Faler, Brian: Washington Post

Fan, Maureen: Washington Post

Farah, Joseph: WorldNetDaily.com

Farrell, John: Denver Post

Farrell, Greg: USA Today

Fatsis, Stefan: Wall Street Journal

Fazzino, Elysa: Il Secolo XIX

Fears, Darryl: Washington Post

Fein, Geoff: Defense Daily

Feld, Karen: Capital Connections

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Feldmann, Linda: Christian Science Monitor

Feller, Ben: Associated Press

Felsenthal, Mark: Reuters

Fendrich, Howard: Associated Press

Ferguson, Alexander: Reuters

Ferguson, Ellyn: Gannett News Service

Fernandez, Manny: Washington Post

Ferrari, Francisco: Agence France-Presse

Ferraro, Thomas: Reuters

Ferrechio, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Ferris, Craig: Bond Buyer

[[Page 935]]

Fetterman, Mindy: USA Today

Fialka, John: Wall Street Journal

Fibich, Linda: Newhouse News Service

Fields, Gary: Wall Street Journal

Files, John: New York Times

Filipczyk, Kathleen: LRP Publications

Filteau, Jerome: Catholic News Service

Finkel, David: Washington Post

Fiore, Faye: Los Angeles Times

Fireman, Kenneth: Newsday

Fischer, Leonard: Gannett News Service

Fitzgerald, Alison: Bloomberg News

Flamini, Roland: United Press International

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Flippen, Charlie: Argus Media

Forrest, Bonnie: Congressional Quarterly

Forsythe, Michael: Bloomberg News

Foss, Brad: Associated Press

Foster-Simeon, Ed: USA Today

Fowle, Andrew: Associated Press

Fox, Margaret: Reuters

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frank, Thomas: USA Today

Fraze, Barbara: Catholic News Service

Frederick, Don: Los Angeles Times

Freedman, Jacob: Congressional Quarterly

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freking, Kevin: Associated Press

Friedman, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Friedman, Lisa: Los Angeles Daily News

Friedman, Jeffrey: Congressional Quarterly

Friesner, Margery: ANSA Italian News Agency

Frommer, Frederick: Associated Press

Fu, Norman: China Times

Fuhrig, Frank: German Press Agency/DPA

Funk, Timothy: Charlotte Observer

Furlow, Robert: Associated Press

Galianese, Joseph: Associated Press

Gallagher, Brian: USA Today

Gallen, Claire: Agence France-Presse

Galloway, Joseph: Knight Ridder

Gamboa, Suzanne: Associated Press

Gambrell, Kathy: CongressDaily

Gamerman, Ellen: Baltimore Sun

Gaouette, K. Nicole: Los Angeles Times

Gardiner, Andrew: USA Today

Gay, Lance: Scripps Howard News Service

Gearan, Anne: Associated Press

Gedda, George: Associated Press

Geewax, Marilyn: Cox Newspapers

Gehrke, Robert: Salt Lake Tribune

Gelie, Philippe: Le Figaro

Gentry, Caroline: Argus Media

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

Gerber, Michael: Washington Examiner

Gerdts, Jennifer: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Gerhart, Ann: Washington Post

Gerstenzang, James: Los Angeles Times

Gerth, Jeff: New York Times

Gertz, William: Washington Times

Giacomo, Carol: Reuters

Gibson, Andreas: Associated Press

Gibson, William: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Gienger, Viola: Bloomberg News

Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Gillman, Todd: Dallas Morning News

Giroux, Gregory: Congressional Quarterly

Givens, David: Argus Media

Glanz, William: Washington Times

Glass, Robert: Associated Press

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glasser, Susan: Washington Post

Glover, K. Daniel: National Journal's Technology Daily

Godfrey, John: Dow Jones Newswires

Goffe, Shelia: Congressional Quarterly

Goldbacher, Raymond: USA Today

Golden, Jim: Gannett News Service

Goldman, Seth: Congressional Quarterly

Goldstein, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Goldstein, Jacobo: La Tribuna Newspaper

Goldstein, Steven: Knight Ridder/Philadelphia Inquirer

Golle, Vince: Bloomberg News

Gomez, Sergio: El Tiempo

Goode, Darren: CongressDaily

Goodman, Adrianne: New York Times

Gordon, D. Craig: Newsday

Gordon, Greg: McClatchy Newspapers

Gordon, Marcy: Associated Press

Gorham, Elizabeth: Canadian Press

Gosselin, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Goto, Shihoko: United Press International

Govindarajan, Shweta: Congressional Quarterly

Gowen, Annie: Washington Post

Graham, Bradley: Washington Post

Graham, Jed: Investor's Business Daily

Gramaglia, Giampiero: ANSA Italian News Agency

Grant, Paul: Reuters

Green, Mark: Daily Oklahoman

Greenberg, Brigitte: Bloomberg News

Greenburg, Jan: Chicago Tribune

Greene, Robert: Bloomberg News

Greenhouse, Linda: New York Times

Greenlee, Steven: Restructuring Today

Grenz-Marcuse, Gabrielle: Agence France-Presse

Greve, Frank: Knight Ridder

Gribben, Kristin: Argus Media

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

Griffith, Stephanie: Agence France-Presse

Groppe, Maureen: Gannett News Service

Grove, Ben: Las Vegas Sun

[[Page 936]]

Gruenwald, Juliana: CongressDaily

Guan, Jinyong: China Economic Daily

Guest, Justin: Houston Chronicle

Guggenheim, Ken: Associated Press

Gugliotta, Guy: Washington Post

Gulino, Denny: Market News International

Gundersen, Heather: Associated Press

Gunther, Markus: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Guroian, Rafi: Cox Newspapers

Hackett, Laurel: Scripps Howard News Service

Haddix, Dar: United Press International

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: USA Today

Hager, George: USA Today

Haggerty, Maryann: Washington Post

Hall, Kevin: Knight Ridder

Hall, Mimi: USA Today

Hall, John: Media General News Service

Hallam, Kristen: Bloomberg News

Hallock, Kimberly: Congressional Quarterly

Halloran, Liz: Hartford Courant

Hallow, Ralph: Washington Times

Hamalainen, Aloysia: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamann, Carlos: Agence France-Presse

Hamatani, Koji: Akahata

Hamburger, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

Hananel, Sam: Associated Press

Hand, Mark: Washington Examiner

Harden, Patrick: LRP Publications

Hardin, Peter: Richmond Times-Dispatch

Hargrove, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Harland, Janis: New York Times

Harper, Tim: Toronto Star

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harrington, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Harris, Hamil: Washington Post

Harris, Francis: London Daily Telegraph

Harris, Gardiner: New York Times

Harris, John: Washington Post

Hart, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Hartman, Carl: Associated Press

Hartnagel, Nancy: Catholic News Service

Hartson, Merrill: Associated Press

Harwood, John: Wall Street Journal

Hatch, David: National Journal's Technology Daily

Havemann, Joel: Los Angeles Times

Hawkings, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hayakawa, Toshiyuki: Sekai Nippo

Hazar, Hasan: Turkiye Daily

Healy, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Healy, Melissa: Los Angeles Times

Heavey, Susan: Reuters

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hedges, Stephen: Chicago Tribune

Hedges, Michael: Houston Chronicle

Heiber, Jordan: Asahi Shimbun

Heil, Emily: CongressDaily

Heilprin, John: Associated Press

Heller, Michele: American Banker

Heller, Marc: Watertown Daily Times

Hendel, John: United Press International

Hendel, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Henderson, Joan: Restructuring Today

Henderson, Diedtra: Boston Globe

Henderson, Stephen: Knight Ridder

Hendren, John: Los Angeles Times

Hendrie, Paul: Congressional Quarterly

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Heo, Yongbom: Chosun Ilbo

Herman, Ken: Cox Newspapers

Herman, Edith: Communications Daily

Hernandez, Raymond: New York Times

Hess, David: CongressDaily

Hiebert, Murray: Wall Street Journal

Higgins, Sean: Investor's Business Daily

Higgins, Marguerite: Washington Times

Hill, Patrice: Washington Times

Hille, Karl: Washington Examiner

Hillman, G. Robert: Dallas Morning News

Hines, Cragg: Houston Chronicle

Hines, Elizabeth: New York Times

Hinton, Earl: Associated Press

Hirose, Eiji: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hirsch, Claudia: Market News International

Hisadome, Shinichi: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Hishinuma, Takao: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hitt, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Hodge, Nathan: Defense Today

Hoffecker, Leslie: Los Angeles Times

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Holland, Jesse: Associated Press

Holland, Judy: Hearst Newspapers

Holland, Gina: Associated Press

Holly, Christopher: Energy Daily

Holmes, Charles: Cox Newspapers

Holzer, Linda: USA Today

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hopkins, Andrea: Reuters

Hopkins, Cheyenne: Reuters

Horrigan, Caroline: United Press International

Horrock, Nicholas: Washington Examiner

Horwich, Lee: USA Today

Horwitz, Sari: Washington Post

Hoskinson, Jr., Charles: Agence France-Presse

Hotakainen, Rob: Minneapolis Star Tribune

House, Billy: Arizona Republic

Howell, Deborah: Newhouse News Service

Hoy, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Hoyt, Clark: Knight Ridder

Hsu, Spencer: Washington Post

Hubler, David: LRP Publications

Hudson, Audrey: Washington Times

Hudson, Saul: Reuters

Hughes, Siobhan: Dow Jones Newswires

Hughes, John: Bloomberg News

[[Page 937]]

Hughey, Ann: Bloomberg News

Hujer, Marc: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Hulse, Carl: New York Times

Hultman, Tamela: AllAfrica.com

Hume, Lynn: Bond Buyer

Hunley, Johnathan: Fredericksburg Freelance-Star

Hunt, Albert: Bloomberg News

Hunt, Terence: Associated Press

Hurlburt, Sid: USA Today

Hurley, Liam: Saudi Press Agency

Hurt, Charles: Washington Times

Hutcheson, Ron: Knight Ridder

Hyde, Justin: Reuters

Ikeda, Nestor: Associated Press

Ip, Gregory: Wall Street Journal

Iqbal, Anwar: United Press International

Ishiai, Tsutomu: Asahi Shimbun

Ito, Toshiyuki: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ivanovich, David: Houston Chronicle

Ives-Halperin, Benton: Congressional Quarterly

Jackler, Rosalind: USA Today

Jackson, David: Dallas Morning News

Jackson, Frankie: Los Angeles Times

Jaffe, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Jahn, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

Jalonick, Mary Clare: Congressional Quarterly

Janofsky, Michael: New York Times

Jansen, Bart: Portland Press Herald

Jarlenski, Marian: Congressional Quarterly

Jaspin, Elliot: Cox Newspapers

Jean-Robert, Alain: Agence France-Presse

Jehl, Douglas: New York Times

Jelinek, Pauline: Associated Press

Jensen, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Jing, Hui: Epoch Times

Jitsu, Tetsuya: Nikkei

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Sandy: Associated Press

Johnson, Toni: Congressional Quarterly

Johnson, Carrie: Washington Post

Johnson, Glen: Associated Press

Johnston, Nicholas: Bloomberg News

Johnston, Margret: German Press Agency/DPA

Johnston, David: New York Times

Jones, Kerry: Congressional Quarterly

Jones, David: Washington Times

Jordan, Charles: CongressDaily

Jordan, Lara Jakes: Associated Press

Joshi, Jitendra: Agence France-Presse

Joy, Patricia: Congressional Quarterly

Joyce, Amy: Washington Post

Joyce, Stacey: Reuters

Justice, Glen: New York Times

Justsen, Klaus: Jyllands-Posten

Kady II, Martin: Congressional Quarterly

Kagawa, Aya: Asahi Shimbun

Kamalick, Joseph: Chemical News & Intelligence

Kamen, Al: Washington Post

Kammer, Jerry: Copley News Service

Kampeas, Ron: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Kang, Insun: Chosun Ilbo

Kaplan, Peter: Reuters

Kapochunas, Rachel: Congressional Quarterly

Karey, Gerald: Platts News Service

Karube, Kensuke: Jiji Press

Kashiyama, Yukio: Sankei Shimbun

Kastner, Kevin: Market News International

Kato, Hidenaka: Nikkei

Katz, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Keating, Dan: Washington Post

Keefe, Stephen: Nikkei

Keen, Judith: USA Today

Keil, Richard: Bloomberg News

Keller, Susan: New York Times

Kelley, Matthew: Associated Press

Kellogg, Sarah: Newhouse News Service

Kelly, Sarah: Washington Examiner

Kelly, Nancy: American Metal Market

Kelly, Dennis: USA Today

Kelly, Erin: Gannett News Service

Kemper, Bob: Cox Newspapers

Kendall, Brent: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Kendall, Jr., Charles: National News Research Syndicate

Kenen, Joanne: Reuters

Kercheval, Nancy: Bloomberg News

Kertes, Noella: Congressional Quarterly

Kertesz, Kata: Associated Press

Kesen, Hideo: Sankei Shimbun

Kessler, Glenn: Washington Post

Kesten, Lou: Associated Press

Keto, Alex: Dow Jones Newswires

Kiefer, Francine: Christian Science Monitor

Kiely, Kathy: USA Today

Kilian, Michael: Chicago Tribune

Kilian, Martin: Tages Anzeiger

Kim, Dae Young: Yonhap News Agency

Kimura, Jun: Mainichi Shimbun

King, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Ledyard: Gannett News Service

King, Jr., Neil: Wall Street Journal

Kinoshita, Hideomi: Kyodo News

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchgaessner, Stephanie: Financial Times

Kirchhoff, Suzanne: USA Today

Kirkland, Michael: United Press International

Kirsanov, Dmitry: Itar-Tass News Agency

Kishida, Yoshida: Jiji Press

Kiss, Veroaique: Agence France-Presse

Kivlan, Terence: Newhouse News Service

Klamper, Amy: CongressDaily

Klein, Richard: Boston Globe

Klein, Alyson: CongressDaily

Klein, Alec: Washington Post

[[Page 938]]

Klein Jr., Gilbert: Media General News Service

Klisz, Theresa: Gannett News Service

Kniazkov, Maxim: Agence France-Presse

Knowlton, Brian: International Herald Tribune

Knox, Olivier: Agence France-Presse

Koar, Juergen: Stuttgarter Zeitung

Koff, Stephen: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Koffler, Keith: CongressDaily

Kohn, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Kohrs, Cecile: Daily Deal

Kojin, Yuichi: Asahi Shimbun

Kolawole, Emi: Congressional Quarterly

Komarow, Steven: USA Today

Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

Kondo, Toyokazu: Sankei Shimbun

Kopecki, Dawn: Dow Jones Newswires

Kornblut, Anne: New York Times

Kosseff, Jeffrey: Oregonian

Koszczuk, Jaculine: Congressional Quarterly

Kotake, Hiroyuki: Nikkei

Kralev, Nicholas: Washington Times

Kramer, Reed: AllAfrica.com

Kranish, Michael: Boston Globe

Krawzak, Paul: Copley News Service

Krebs, Brian: WashingtonPost.com

Kreisher, Otto: Copley News Service

Krim, Jonathan: Washington Post

Krishnaswami, Sridhar: Hindu

Kroepsch, Adrianne: Communications Daily

Kronholz, June: Wall Street Journal

Kuhn, Mary Ann: Washington Examiner

Kuhnhenn, James: Knight Ridder

Kuk, Kiyon: Segye Times

Kumar, Anita: St. Petersburg Times

Kumar, Dinesh: Communications Daily

Kwon, Soon-Taek: Dong-A Ilbo

La Franchi, Howard: Christian Science Monitor

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lagomarsino, Deborah: Dow Jones Newswires

Lakely, James: Washington Times

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Lambros, Papantoniou: Eleftheros Typos

Landay, Jonathan: Knight Ridder

Landers, James: Dallas Morning News

Landry, Catherine: Platts News Service

Lane, Terry: Communications Daily

Langan, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Lanman, Scott: Bloomberg News

Larkin, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Law, Darrell: Reuters

Lawder, David: Reuters

Lawrence, Jill: USA Today

Layton, Lyndsey: Washington Post

Leary, Warren: New York Times

Leavitt, Paul: USA Today

Lebedev, Ivan: Itar-Tass News Agency

Lebling, Madonna: Washington Post

Lee, Christopher: Washington Post

Lee, Do Woon: Seoul Shinmun

Lee, Kristen: New York Times

Lee, Richard: Media General News Service

Lee, Mi Sook: Munwha Ilbo

Lefkow, Chris: Agence France-Presse

Lehmann, Evan: Lowell Sun

Lehming, Malte: Der Tagesspiegel

Leibovich, Mark: Washington Post

Leiby, Richard: Washington Post

Leinwand, Donna: USA Today

Lek Kee Low, Eugene: Singapore Straits Times

Lengel, Allan: Washington Post

Lerman, David: Newport News Daily Press

Lesparre, Michael: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Lester, William: Associated Press

Leubsdorf, Carl: Dallas Morning News

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levin, Alan: USA Today

Levine, Samantha: Houston Chronicle

Lewis, Charles: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Copley News Service

Lewis, Neil: New York Times

Lewis, Katherine: Dallas Morning News

Lewis, Katherine: Newhouse News Service

Li, Zhengxin: China Economic Daily

Lichtblau, Eric: New York Times

Lieberman, Brett: Harrisburg Patriot-News

Lightman, David: Hartford Courant

Lilleston, Thomas: USA Today

Lin, Wen-Chi: Central News Agency

Lin, Betty: World Journal

Lindell, Chuck: Austin American Statesman

Link, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Lipman, Laurence: Cox Newspapers

Lipowicz, Alice: Congressional Quarterly

Lipton, Eric: New York Times

Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

Liu, Kuen-yuan: Central News Agency

Liu, Ping: China Times

Liu, Haixin: China Economic Daily

Lizama, Orlando: EFE News Services

Lobe, James: Inter Press Service

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Lochhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Locy, Toni: USA Today

Lomax, Simon: Argus Media

Lopez Zamorano, Jose: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Lorente, Rafael: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Lorenzetti, Maureen: Congressional Quarterly

Lorenzo, Aaron: BioWorld Today

Loven, Jennifer: Associated Press

Lowy, Joan: Scripps Howard News Service

Lueck, Sarah: Wall Street Journal

Lumpkin, John: Associated Press

[[Page 939]]

Lyman, L. Peter: Syracuse Post Standard

Lyons, Jonathan: Reuters

Lytle, Tamara: Orlando Sentinel

MacDonald, David: McClendon News Service

Machacek, John: Gannett News Service

MacInnis, Laura: Reuters

Mackler, Peter: Agence France-Presse

MacMillan, Robert: WashingtonPost.com

MacPhersen, Karen: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Madden, Mark: Los Angeles Times

Madden, Mike: Gannett News Service

Madigan, Sean: Congressional Quarterly

Magnuson, Stewart: LRP Publications

Maier, Tim: Washington Examiner

Majano, Rosendo: EFE News Services

Maler, Sandra: Reuters

Malone, Julia: Cox Newspapers

Maloy, Timothy: United Press International

Malsang-Salles, Isabelle: Agence France-Presse

Mann, William: Associated Press

Mannion, James: Agence France-Presse

Mansfield, Stephanie: Washington Times

Marano, Louis: United Press International

Marchand, Ann: WashingtonPost.com

Marcy, Steven: Argus Media

Margasak, Lawrence: Associated Press

Marino, Jonathan: Washington Examiner

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Marklein, Mary Beth: USA Today

Markoe Kolko, Lauren: Columbia State

Marolo, Bruno: L'Unita

Marre, Klaus: German Press Agency/DPA

Marshall, Tyler: Los Angeles Times

Marshall, Michael: United Press International

Marshall, Stephen: USA Today

Martin, Gary: San Antonio Express-News

Martin, Andrew: Chicago Tribune

Martinez, Ian: Communications Daily

Martinez, Gebe: Houston Chronicle

Mason, Julie: Houston Chronicle

Massie, Alex: Edinburgh Scotsman

Mathews, Anna: Wall Street Journal

Mathewson, Judith: Bloomberg News

Matusic, Karen: Dow Jones Newswires

May, Michaela: CongressDaily

Mayer, Caroline: Washington Post

Maynard, Michael: MarketWatch

Mazzetti, Mark: Los Angeles Times

McCaffrey, Shannon: Knight Ridder

McCarthy, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

McCarthy, Mike: German Press Agency/DPA

McCaslin, John: Washington Times

McConnell, Alison: Bond Buyer

McCrehan, Jeff: Christian Science Monitor

McCutcheon, Chuck: Newhouse News Service

McDonough, Siobhan: Associated Press

McFeatters, Dale: Scripps Howard News Service

McFeatters, Ann: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

McGinley, Laurie: Wall Street Journal

McGough, Michael: Pittsburgh Post Gazette

McGuire, David: WashingtonPost.com

McIntyre, Allison: Los Angeles Times

McKeaney, Kristy: Bloomberg News

McKee, Michael: Bloomberg News

McKenzie, Lesley: Yomiuri Shimbun

McKinnon, John: Wall Street Journal

McLean, Demian: Bloomberg News

McLoone, Sharon: National Journal's Technology Daily

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McMurray, Jeffrey: Associated Press

McNeil, Margaret: MarketWatch

McQuaid, John: New Orleans Times-Picayune

McQuillan, Mark: Bloomberg News

McQuillen, William: Bloomberg News

Meadows, Clifton: New York Times

Means, Marianne: Hearst Newspapers

Meek, James: New York Daily News

Meinert, Dori: Copley News Service

Mekay, Emad: Inter Press Service

Melendez, Michele: Newhouse News Service

Memmott, Mark: USA Today

Mentzer, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Mercer, Marsha: Media General News Service

Mercier, Rick: Fredericksburg Free Lance-Star

Merry, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Meszoly, Robin: Bloomberg News

Meyer, Joshua: Los Angeles Times

Michaels, Jim: USA Today

Michalski, Patty: USA Today

Middleton, Chris: Market News International

Miga, Andrew: Boston Herald

Mihailescu, Andrea: United Press International

Mikkelsen, Randall: Reuters

Milbank, Dana: Washington Post

Miller, Kevin: Bloomberg News

Miller, Alan: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Steven: Washington Times

Miller, Jeff: Allentown Morning Call

Miller, Greg: Los Angeles Times

Miller, David: Congressional Quarterly

Miller, Leslie: Associated Press

Miller, T. Christian: Los Angeles Times

Milligan, Susan: Boston Globe

Mills, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Mills, Betty: Griffin-Larrabee News Service

Mitchell, Brian: Investor's Business Daily

Mitchell, Steve: United Press International

Mitchell, Charles: CongressDaily

Mitoma, Yoshio: Sekai Nippo

Mittelstadt, Michelle: Dallas Morning News

Mitton, Roger: Singapore Straits Times

Miyasaka, Yoshio: Kyodo News

Mohammad, Saad: Kuwait News Agency

Mohammed, Arshad: Reuters

[[Page 940]]

Mondics, Christopher: Philadelphia Inquirer

Moniz, Dave: USA Today

Montgomery, David: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Montgomery, David: Washington Post

Montgomery, Lori: Washington Post

Moore, Pamela: LRP Publications

Moore, Evan: Mainichi Shimbun

Morales Lujan, Armando: Los Tiempos

Morgan, David: Reuters

Morgan, Dan: Washington Post

Moriarty, JoAnn: Springfield Republican

Morris, Ryan: Associated Press

Morris, David: CongressDaily

Morris, James: Congressional Quarterly

Morrison, Joanne: Reuters

Morrison, Blake: USA Today

Moscoso, Eunice: Cox Newspapers

Mueller, Sarah: Newsday

Mulkern, Anne: Denver Post

Mullen, Richard: Defense Today

Mulligan, John: Providence Journal

Mullins, Brody: Wall Street Journal

Munoz, Cesar: EFE News Services

Murayama, Kohei: Kyodo News

Murayama, Tomohiro: Asahi Shimbun

Murray, Shanon: Daily Deal

Murray, Brendan: Bloomberg News

Murray, Shailagh: Washington Post

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Michael: Myers News Service

Naganuma, Aki: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Nagourney, Adam: New York Times

Nakano, Tetsuya: Jiji Press

Nance, Scott: Defense Today

Nance, Rahkia: Washington Examiner

Narayanan, Vin: USA Today

Nather, David: Congressional Quarterly

N'Diaye, Yali: Market News International

Neibauer, Michael: Washington Examiner

Neikirk, William: Chicago Tribune

Nelson, Deborah: Los Angeles Times

Nesmith, Jeff: Cox Newspapers

Neubauer, Chuck: Los Angeles Times

Neuman, Johanna: Los Angeles Times

Newman, Emily: Bond Buyer

Newman, Christopher: Argus Media

Newton Small, Jay: Bloomberg News

Nghi, Hi Vu: Vietnam News Agency

Nguyen, Minh: Vietnam News Agency

Nichols, John: WashingtonPost.com

Nichols, Bill: USA Today

Nishimura, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Nishimura, Takuya: Hokkaido Shimbun

Nkansah, E. Roy: Congressional Quarterly

Noel, Essex: Reuters

Nomiyama, Chizu: Reuters

Norman, Jane: Des Moines Register

Norton, C. JoAnne: Bloomberg News

Norton, Stephen: Congressional Quarterly

Novak, Robert: Chicago Sun-Times

Noyes, Andrew: Communications Daily

Nutting, Rex: MarketWatch

Nutting, Brian: Congressional Quarterly

Nyitray, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

O'Brien, Nancy: Catholic News Service

O'Connell, James: Bloomberg News

O'Connor, Bette: Reuters

O'Donnell, Jayne: USA Today

Oelrich, Christiane: German Press Agency/DPA

Oh, Diane: Asahi Shimbun

O'Hara, Terence: Washington Post

O'Keefe, Mark: Religion News Service

Okuma, Yoshiaki: Jiji Press

Olchowy, Mark: Associated Press

Oleksyn, Veronika: Congressional Quarterly

Oliphant, Cortright: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Thomas: Boston Globe

Olmsted, Daniel: United Press International

Olson, Elizabeth: New York Times

O'Reilly II, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Orndorff, Mary: Birmingham News

Orol, Ron: Daily Deal

O'Rourke, Lawrence: McClatchy Newspapers

Orr, J. Scott: Newark Star-Ledger

Ortiz, Ximens: Washington Times

Ostermann, Dietmar: Frankfurter Rundschau

Ota, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Ota, Masakatsu: Kyodo News

Ourlian, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Overberg, Paul: USA Today

Pace, David: Associated Press

Page, Susan: USA Today

Page, Clarence: Chicago Tribune

Paletta, Damian: American Banker

Palmer, J. Jioni: Newsday

Panczyk-Collins, Tania: Communications Daily

Parasuram, T.V.: Press Trust of India

Parker, Laura: USA Today

Parks, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Parnes, Amie: Scripps Howard News Service

Pasternak, Judy: Los Angeles Times

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Pear, Robert: New York Times

Pearl, Larry: Argus Media

Peck, Louis: CongressDaily

Pelofsky, Jeremy: Reuters

Pena, Maria: EFE News Services

Perine, Keith: Congressional Quarterly

Pesce, Carolyn: USA Today

Petersen, Rosemary: Copley News Service

Peterson, Molly: CongressDaily

Peterson, Jonathan: Los Angeles Times

Phelps, Timothy: Newsday

Phillips, Michael: Wall Street Journal

[[Page 941]]

Phillips, Kathleen: New York Times

Phillips, Zachary: Congressional Quarterly

Philpott, Thomas: Military Update

Pianin, Eric: Washington Post

Pickler, Nedra: Associated Press

Pine, Art: Bloomberg News

Piper, Greg: Communications Daily

Pleming, Sue: Reuters

Plocek, Joseph: Market News International

Plummer, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Plungis, Jeff: Detroit News

Poirier, John: Reuters

Polyakova, Susan: Communications Daily

Ponnudurai, Parameswaran: Agence France-Presse

Pontarelli, Erika: Agence France-Presse

Poole, Janet: Agence France-Presse

Poole, Isaiah: Congressional Quarterly

Pope, Charles: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Posner, Michael: CongressDaily

Powell, Stewart: Hearst Newspapers

Powelson, Richard: Scripps Howard News Service

Powers, Ronald: Associated Press

Pressley, Sue Ann: Washington Post

Price, Marc: Associated Press

Price, Elizabeth: Dow Jones Newswires

Price, Deborah: Detroit News

Priest, Dana: Washington Post

Pruden, Wesley: Washington Times

Pruitt, Claude: Gannett News Service

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Pugh, Anthony: Knight Ridder

Purce, Melinda: Associated Press

Purdum, Todd: New York Times

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Pusey, Allen: Dallas Morning News

Putman, Eileen: Associated Press

Putrich, Gayle: Congressional Quarterly

Puzzanghera, James: San Jose Mercury News

Quaid, Libby: Associated Press

Raab, Charlotte: Agence France-Presse

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

Radelat, Ana: Gannett News Service

Radsch, Courtney: New York Times

Raffaelli, Jean: Agence France-Presse

Raimon, Marcelo: ANSA Italian News Agency

Raivio, Jyri: Helsingin Sanomat

Rajauopalan, Sethuraman: Hindustan Times

Rambourg, Gersende: Agence France-Presse

Ramey, Joanna: Fairchild News Service

Ramstack, Thomas: Washington Times

Randall, Maya: Dow Jones Newswires

Rankin, Robert: Knight Ridder

Rapp, David: Congressional Quarterly

Rater, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Rauber, Marilyn: Media General

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Rauscher, Jr., Carl: Cox Newspapers

Ray, Eric: Congressional Quarterly

Raymond, Anthony: Political Money Line

Rebello, Joseph: Dow Jones Newswires

Reber, Paticia: German Press Agency/DPA

Recio, Maria: Knight Ridder/Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Reddy, Tarun: Saudi Press Agency

Rehm, Barbara: American Banker

Rehrmann, Laura: Gannett News Service

Reichard, John: Congressional Quarterly

Reilly, Sean: Mobile Register

Reinert-Mason, Patty: Houston Chronicle

Reiss, Cory: New York Times

Remez, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Reston, Maeve: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Retter, Daphne: Congressional Quarterly

Reynolds, Maura: Los Angeles Times

Riccardi, Emenuele: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rich, Spencer: CongressDaily

Rich, Eric: Washington Post

Richardson, Betty: Congressional Quarterly

Riche, Pascal: Liberation

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

Richter, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Rickett, Keith: Associated Press

Ricks, Tom: Washington Post

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Rief, Norbert: Die Presse

Riley, John: USA Today

Rios, Delia: Newhouse News Service

Ripley, Neil: Congressional Quarterly

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Risser, William: USA Today

Rivet, Jerome: Agence France-Presse

Rizzo, Katherine: Congressional Quarterly

Robb, Gregory: MarketWatch

Robbins, Carla: Wall Street Journal

Roberts, Roxanne: Washington Post

Roberts, Kristin: Reuters

Roberts, Martin: Reuters

Roberts III, William: Bloomberg News

Robinson, John: Defense Daily

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, Eugene: Washington Post

Roche, Jr., Walter: Los Angeles Times

Rodriguez, Antonio: Agence France-Presse

Roff, Peter: United Press International

Rogers, David: Wall Street Journal

Rogin, Joshua: Asahi Shimbun

Roland, Neil: Bloomberg News

Rood, Justin: Congressional Quarterly

Roosevelt, Ann: Defense Daily

Rosen, James: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenbaum, David: New York Times

Rosenberg, Eric: Hearst Newspapers

Rosenkrantz, Holly: Bloomberg News

[[Page 942]]

Rosenthal, Peter: Argus Media

Ross, Sonya: Associated Press

Roth, Bennett: Houston Chronicle

Rothstein, Joel: Reuters

Rovner, Julie: CongressDaily

Rowley, James: Bloomberg News

Roxe, Hilary: Associated Press

Roybal, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

Rubin, James: Bloomberg News

Ruiz, Phillip: Los Angeles Times

Runningen, Roger: Bloomberg News

Ruskin, Liz: Anchorage Daily News

Russell, Alec: London Daily Telegraph

Ryan, Timothy: Reuters

Ryan, Richard: Detroit News

Ryerson-Cruz, Geraldine: Bloomberg News

Sadahiro, Takashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Sakajiri, Nobuyoshi: Asahi Shimbun

Salant, Jonathan: Bloomberg News

Salhani, Claude: United Press International

Sammon, William: Washington Times

San Martin-Raedle, Nancy: Miami Herald

Sanchez, Humberto: Bond Buyer

Sandalow, Marc: San Francisco Chronicle

Sands, Derek: Kyodo News

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sands, Peggy: Congressional Quarterly

Sanger, David: New York Times

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Santos, Lori: Reuters

Sasazawa, Kyoichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Satariano, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Savage, Charles: Boston Globe

Savage, David: Los Angeles Times

Savic, Dubravka: Vecernje Novosti

Sawai, Toshimitsu: Kyodo News

Sawyer, Jon: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Scally, William: William Scally Reports

Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Times

Schaefer-Munoz, Sara: Wall Street Journal

Schatz, Amy: Wall Street Journal

Schatz, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Scherer, Eric: Agence France-Presse

Schleicher, Al: Yomiuri Shimbun

Schlesinger, Jacob: Wall Street Journal

Schlisserman, Courtney: Bloomberg News

Schmick, William: Bloomberg News

Schmid, Randolph: Associated Press

Schmid, Sharon: Wall Street Journal

Schmidt, Susan: Washington Post

Schmidt, Robert: Bloomberg News

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schmitt, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Schnakenberg, Lea Ann: German Press 
Agency/DPA

Schneider, Tal: Maariv

Schneider, Jodi: Congressional Quarterly

Schoof, Renee: Knight Ridder

Schrader, Esther: Los Angeles Times

Schroeder, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Schroeder, Robert: MarketWatch

Schuler, Kate: Congressional Quarterly

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Scott, Katherine: Gannett News Service

Scott-Molleda, Heather: Market News International

Seeley, Tina: Energy Daily

Seeman, Bruce: Newhouse News Service

Sefton, Dru: Newhouse News Service

Seib, Gerald: Wall Street Journal

Seibel, Mark: Knight Ridder

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Serrano, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Settles, Mary: McClatchy Newspapers

Sevastopulo, Demetri: Financial Times

Shaffrey, Mary: Winston-Salem Journal

Shalal-Esa, Andrea: Reuters

Shane, Scott: New York Times

Shanker, Thomas: New York Times

Sharma, Amol: Congressional Quarterly

Sharn, Lori: CongressDaily

Shaw, John: Market News International

Shea, Patti: Washington Times

Sheehan, Theresa: Market News International

Sheikh, Nezar: Saudi Press Agency

Shek, Katherine: LRP Publications

Shelly, Nedra: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Shenon, Philip: New York Times

Shepard, Scott: Cox Newspapers

Sher, Andrew: Chattanooga Times Free Press

Sherman, Mark: Associated Press

Sherwell, Philip: London Daily Telegraph

Sherzai, Magan: Agence France-Presse

Shesgreen, Deirdre: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Shields, Gerard: Baton Rouge Advocate

Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

Shiver, Jr., Jube: Los Angeles Times

Shrader, Katie: Associated Press

Sia, Richard: CongressDaily

Sidorov, Dmitry: Kommersant

Sidoti, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Sieff, Martin: United Press International

Sigurdson, Todd: Associated Press

Silva, Rodrigo: Associated Press

Silva, Mark: Chicago Tribune

Silverstein, Kenneth: Los Angeles Times

Simison, Robert: Bloomberg News

Simon, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Simpson, Cameron: Chicago Tribune

Siniff, John: USA Today

Sisk, Richard: New York Daily News

Sitov, Andrei: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skiba, Katherine: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Skomial, Marcin: Argus Media

[[Page 943]]

Skorneck, Carolyn: Associated Press

Slater, James: Agence France-Presse

Slavin, Barbara: USA Today

Smith, Christopher: Salt Lake Tribune

Smith, Jeffrey: Washington Post

Smith, Sylvia: Fort Wayne Journal Gazette

Smith, Stephen: Houston Chronicle

Smith, Donna: Reuters

Smith, Elliot: USA Today

Smith, Brad: Reuters

Snider, Michael: USA Today

Sniffen, Michael: Associated Press

Snyder, Charles: Taipei Times

Sobczyk, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Solis Jr., Carlos: Jiji Press

Solomon, John: Associated Press

Solomon, Deborah: Wall Street Journal

Somerville, Glenn: Reuters

Soraghan, Michael: Denver Post

Sotero, Paulo: O Estado De S. Paulo

Spang, Thomas: Rheinische Post

Spangler, Jerry: Deseret News

Sparks, Sarah: LRP Publications

Sparshott, Jeffrey: Washington Times

Spasyk, Clarissa: LRP Publications

Spence, Timothy: Hearst Newspapers

Spencer, George: Restructuring Today

Spencer, Samuel: Restructuring Today

Sperry, Paul: WorldNetDaily.com

Sprengelmeyer, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Squeo, Anne Marie: Wall Street Journal

St. Onge, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

Stainer, M. Maria: Washington Times

Stanton, John: CongressDaily

Starks, Tim: Congressional Quarterly

Stearns, Matthew: Kansas City Star

Steele, Stephen: Catholic News Service

Stein, Jeff: Congressional Quarterly

Steinman, Jon: Bloomberg News

Stempleman, Neil: Reuters

Stencel, Mark: Congressional Quarterly

Stephens, Angela: Orange County Register

Stern, Seth: Congressional Quarterly

Stern, Marcus: Copley News Service

Sternberg, Steve: USA Today

Sternberg, William: USA Today

Stevenson, Johnny: Wall Street Journal

Stevenson, Richard: New York Times

Stewart, Bruce Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stinson, Jeffrey: USA Today

Stirland, Sarah: National Journal's Technology Daily

Stockman, Farah: Boston Globe

Stoddard, Alexandra: Congressional Quarterly

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg News

Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Storey, David: Reuters

Stout, David: New York Times

Strahan, Amy: Bloomberg News

Straub, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Straub, Noelle: Boston Herald

Straw, Joseph: New Haven Register

Streck, Michael: Die Tageszeitung

Strobel, Warren: Knight Ridder

Strong, Thomas: Associated Press

Struglinski, Suzanne: Las Vegas Sun

Suissa Zeimet, Corinne: Agence France-Presse

Sullivan, Bartholomew: Scripps Howard News Service

Sullivan, Andy: Reuters

Sumikawa, Yuriko: Kyodo News

Superville, Darlene: Associated Press

Surzhanskiy, Andrey: Itar-Tass News Agency

Swann, Christopher: Financial Times

Swindell, Bill: Congressional Quarterly

Swisher, Lawrence: Northwest Newspapers

Szekely, Peter: Reuters

Tackett, R. Michael: Chicago Tribune

Takahashi, Jun: Kyodo News

Takahashi, Hiroyuki: Jiji Press

Takahashi, Masaya: Kyodo News

Talev, Margaret: McClatchy Newspapers

Tanaka, Shinya: Kyodo News

Tanzi, Alex: Bloomberg News

Tatsumi, Tomoji: Kyodo News

Taubman, Philip: New York Times

Tavara, Santiago: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Taylor, Andrew: Congressional Quarterly

Taylor, Guy: Washington Times

Taylor, Cynthia: Boston Globe

Teitelbaum, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Terada, Masaomi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Teskrat, Nadia: Agence France-Presse

Tessler, Joelle: Congressional Quarterly

Tetreault, Stephan: Stephens Media Group

Theimer, Sharon: Associated Press

Thomas, Helen: Hearst Newspapers

Thomas, Lisa: Kyodo News

Thomas, Richard: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Thomas, Ken: Associated Press

Thomasson, Dan: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomet, Laurent: Agence France-Presse

Thomma, Steven: Knight Ridder

Thompson, Jake: Omaha World-Herald

Thompson Osuri, Laura: American Banker

Tierney, John: New York Times

Tilove, Jonathan: Newhouse News Service

Timberg, Robert: Baltimore Sun

Timmons, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Tinsley, Elisa: USA Today

Tokito, Mineko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Toles, Tom: Washington Post

Tomkin, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Tomkins, Richard: United Press International

[[Page 944]]

Tompson, Trevor: Associated Press

Toner, Robin: New York Times

Toppo, Gregory: USA Today

Torres, Carlos: Bloomberg News

Torres, Craig: Bloomberg News

Torry, Jack: Columbus Dispatch

Torry, Saundra: USA Today

Toshi, Eiji: Jiji Press

Toyoda, Yoichi: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Trankovits, Laszlo: German Press Agency/DPA

Trescott, Jacqueline: Washington Post

Trott, William: Reuters

Truslow, Hugh: New York Times

Tsao, Nadia Y.F.: Liberty Times

Tucker, Boyd Neely: Washington Post

Tumulty, Brian: Gannett News Service

Tunks, Larry: Congressional Quarterly

Turner, Douglas: Buffalo News

Tyson, Ann Scott: Washington Post

Tyson, James: Bloomberg News

Ullmann, Owen: USA Today

Urban, Peter: Connecticut Post

Urbina, Ian: New York Times

Usher, Anne: Cox Newspapers

Vadum, Matthew: Bond Buyer

Val Mitjavila, Eusebio: LA VANGUARDIA

Vande Hei, Jim: Washington Post

Vanden Brook, Tom: USA Today

Vander Haar, William: Associated Press

Vanichkin, Pavel: Itar-Tass News Agency

Vaughan, Martin: CongressDaily

Vedantam, Shankar: Washington Post

Veigle, Anne: Communications Daily

Vekshin, Alison: Stephens Media Group

Vergano, Dan: USA Today

Viccora, Andrew: LRP Publications

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vidal Liy, Macarena: EFE News Services

Vieth, Warren: Los Angeles Times

Vinas Diaz, Piedad: EFE News Services

Vineys, Kevin: Associated Press

Vitucci, Claire: Riverside Press-Enterprise

Vogt, Christophe: Agence France-Presse

Von Drehle, David: Washington Post

Vorman, Julie: Reuters

Wada, Hiroaki: Mainichi Shimbun

Waggoner, John: USA Today

Wagman, Robert: Newspaper Enterprise

Waitz, Nancy: Reuters

Walcott, John: Knight Ridder

Wald, Matthew: New York Times

Waldmeir, Patti: Financial Times

Walker, Martin: United Press International

Wallsten, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Walsh, Edmund: Dow Jones Newswires

Walsh, Bill: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Walton-James, Vickie: Chicago Tribune

Ward, Jon: Washington Times

Warminsky, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Watanabe, Tsutomu: Asahi Shimbun

Waterman, Shaun: United Press International

Waters, Donald: Associated Press

Watson, Traci: USA Today

Watson II, Ripley: Bloomberg News

Watters, Susan: Fairchild News Service

Wayne, Alexander: Congressional Quarterly

Wayne, Leslie: New York Times

Wegner, Mark: CongressDaily

Weintraub, Lisa: Congressional Quarterly

Weintraub, Stephanie: Congressional Quarterly

Weisman, Jonathan: Washington Post

Weisman, Steven: New York Times

Weiss, Eric: Washington Post

Weiss, Rick: Washington Post

Welch, James: USA Today

Welch, William: USA Today

Wells, Billie Jean: Gannett News Service

Wells, Robert: Dow Jones Newswires

Weng, Xiang: China Youth Daily

Werner, Erica: Associated Press

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westbrook, Jesse: Bloomberg News

Westphal, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Wetzel, Hubert: Financial Times Deutschland

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Wheeler, Lawrence: Gannett News Service

White, Dina: Chicago Tribune

White, Keith: Congressional Quarterly

White, Gordon: Washington Telecommunications Services

White, Keith: CongressDaily

White, Josh: Washington Post

White, Jr., Joseph: Associated Press

Whitesides, John: Reuters

Whitmire, Richard: USA Today

Whitmire, Guy: Congressional Quarterly

Whitney, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Whittle, Richard: Dallas Morning News

Wienberger, Sharon: Defense Daily

Wiessler, David: Reuters

Wiggins, Clayton: Wall Street Journal

Wilber, Del: Washington Post

Wilke, John: Wall Street Journal

Wilkie, Dana: Copley News Service

Williams, Clarence: Washington Post

Williams, Vanessa: Washington Post

Williams, Jr., Joseph: Boston Globe

Willing, Richard: USA Today

Willis, Robert: Bloomberg News

Willman, David: Los Angeles Times

Wilson, Patricia: Reuters

Wingfield, Brian: New York Times

Wingfield, Frederick: Associated Press

Winicour, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

[[Page 945]]

Winski, Joe: Bloomberg News

Witcher, Tim: Agence France-Presse

Witcover, Jules: Baltimore Sun

Witkowski, Nancy Benac: Associated Press

Witter, Willis: Washington Times

Wodele, Greta: CongressDaily

Wolf, Richard: USA Today

Wolf, Jim: Reuters

Wolfe, Kathryn: Congressional Quarterly

Wolfe, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Woo, Yee Ling: Congressional Quarterly

Wood, Winston: Wall Street Journal

Wood, David: Newhouse News Service

Woods, Michael: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Woodward, Cal: Associated Press

Woodward, Bob: Washington Post

Woutat, Donald: Los Angeles Times

Wright, Gregory: Gannett News Service

Wright, Ivan: Associated Press

Wright, Vevlyn: CongressDaily

Wroughton, Lesley: Reuters

Wutkowski, Karey: Reuters

Wynn, Randall: Congressional Quarterly

Wysocki, Jr., Bernard: Wall Street Journal

Yamagishi, Isao: Hokkaido Shimbun

Yamamoto, Rumiko: Nikkei

Yamasaki, Shinji: Akahata

Yancey, Matthew: Associated Press

Yaukey, John: Gannett News Service

Yen, Hope: Associated Press

Yoder, Eric: Washington Post

Yoshida, Toru: Nikkei

Yoshimoto, Akemi: Kyodo News

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Young, Alison: Knight Ridder

Young, Samantha: Stephens Media Group

Yu, Donghui: China News Service

Yule, Robert: Asahi Shimbun

Yun, Dong Young: Yonhap News Agency

Yun, Linda: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zabarenko, Deborah: Reuters

Zacharia, Janine: Bloomberg News

Zagaroli, Lisa: Detroit News

Zajac, Andrew: Chicago Tribune

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zamora, Amanda: WashingtonPost.com

Zapor, Patricia: Catholic News Service

Zeleny, Jeff: Chicago Tribune

Zeuthen, Kasper: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zhang, Mengjun: Science and Technology Daily

Ziegler, Julie: Bloomberg News

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, Aaron: Los Angeles Times

Zoroya, Gregg: USA Today

Zremski, Jerry: Buffalo News

Zuckman, Jill: Chicago Tribune

[[Page 946]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

                                     

       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

ABIM News Agency--(703) 243-2104; 1344 Merrie Ridge Road, McLean, VA 22101: 
Mario Navarro DaCosta.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0602; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Pascal Barollier, Katherine Beddall, Jerome Bernard, 
Laura Bonilla, Justin Cole, Kenneth Dermota, Jean-Louis Doublet, Francisco 
Ferrari, Claire Gallen, Gabrielle Grenz-Marcuse, Stephanie Griffith, Carlos 
Hamann, Charles Hoskinson, Jr., Daniel Jahn, Alain Jean-Robert, Jitendra 
Joshi, Veroaique Kiss, Maxim Kniazkov, Olivier Knox, Francis Kohn, Michael 
Langan, Chris Lefkow, Robert Lever, Peter Mackler, Isabelle Malsang-Salles, 
James Mannion, Parameswaran Ponnudurai, Erika Pontarelli, Janet Poole, 
Charlotte Raab, Jean Raffaelli, Gersende Rambourg, Philippe Rater, Jerome 
Rivet, Antonio Rodriguez, Jean-Louis Santini, Eric Scherer, Magan Sherzai, 
James Slater, Corinne Suissa Zeimet, Nadia Teskrat, Laurent Thomet, 
Christophe Vogt, Tim Witcher.

AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, Washington DC 20045: 
Koji Hamatani, Shinji Yamasaki.

ALLAFRICA.COM--(202) 546-0777; 920 M Street, SE., Washington, DC 20003: 
Charles Cobb, Jr., Tamela Hultman, Reed Kramer.

ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(202) 824-8216; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: Jeff Miller.

AMERICAN BANKER--(202) 434-0316; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 
20005: Dean Anason, Hannah Bergman, Rob Blackwell, Todd Davenport, Michele 
Heller, Damian Paletta, Barbara Rehm, Laura Osuri Thompson.

AMERICAN METAL MARKET--(202) 393-7750; 943 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Nancy Kelly.

ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS--(202) 383-0007; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Liz Ruskin.

ANSA ITALIAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Cristiano Del Riccio, Margery Friesner, Giampiero 
Gramaglia, Marcelo Raimon, Emenuele Riccardi.

ARGUS MEDIA--(202) 349-2878; 1012 14th Street, Suite 1500, Washington, DC 
20005: Ross Allen, Michael Ball, Abby Caplan, Charlie Flippen, Caroline 
Gentry, David Givens, Kristin Gribben, Simon Lomax, Steven Marcy, 
Christopher Newman, Larry Pearl, Peter Rosenthal, Marcin Skomial.

ARIZONA REPUBLIC--(202) 906-8136; 1100 New York Avenue, 2nd Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Billy House.

ARTISTS & WRITERS SYNDICATE--(703) 820-4232; 6325 Beachway Drive, Falls 
Church, VA 22044: Frank Aukofer.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jordan Botjer, Jordan Heiber, Tsutomu Ishiai, Aya Kagawa, Yuichi 
Kojin, Tomohiro Murayama, Yoichi Nishimura, Diane Oh, Joshua Rogin, 
Nobuyoshi Sakajiri, Tsutomu Watanabe, Robert Yule.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9480; 2021 K Street, 6th Floor, Washington, DC 
20006: James Abrams, Jeannine Aversa, Frank Baker, Lolita Baldor, Devlin 
Barrett, Laurie Blazar, Timothy Bovee, Ted Bridis, Robert Burns, Connie 
Cass O'Connell, Donna Cassata, Wendy Coache, Martin Crutsinger, Mary 
Dalrymple, Matthew Daly, Douglass Daniel, Juan Davila, Donna De LaCruz, 
Harry Dunphy, Ronald Edmonds, Jr., David Espo, Jerry Estill, Carole 
Feldman, Ben Feller, Howard Fendrich, Brad Foss, Andrew Fowle, Alan Fram, 
Kevin Freking, Frederick Frommer, Robert Furlow, Joseph Galianese, Suzanne 
Gamboa, Anne Gearan, George Gedda, Andreas Gibson, Robert Glass, Marcy 
Gordon, Ken Guggenheim, Heather Gundersen, Sam Hananel, Carl Hartman, 
Merrill Hartson, H. Josef Hebert, John Heilprin, Earl Hinton, Jesse 
Holland, Gina Holland, Terence Hunt, Nestor Ikeda, Pauline Jelinek, Glen 
Johnson, Sandy Johnson, Lara Jakes Jordan, Matthew Kelley, Kata Kertesz, 
Lou Kesten, William Lester, Jennifer Loven, John Lumpkin, William Mann, 
Lawrence Margasak, Siobhan McDonough, Jeffrey McMurray, Leslie Miller, Ryan 
Morris, Mark Olchowy, David Pace, Nedra Pickler, Ronald Powers, Marc Price, 
Melinda Purce, Eileen Putman, Libby Quaid, Thomas Raum, Keith Rickett, Deb 
Riechmann-Kepler, Sonya Ross, Hilary Roxe, Randolph Schmid, Barry Schweid, 
Mark Sherman, Katie Shrader, Elizabeth Sidoti, Todd Sigurdson, Rodrigo 
Silva, Carolyn Skorneck, Michael Sniffen, John Solomon, Thomas Strong, 
Darlene Superville, Sharon Theimer, Ken Thomas, Trevor Tompson, William 
Vander Haar, Kevin Vineys, Donald Waters, Erica Werner, Joseph White, Jr., 
Frederick

[[Page 947]]

Wingfield, Nancy Benac Witkowski, Elizabeth Wolfe, Cal Woodward, Ivan 
Wright, Matthew Yancey, Hope Yen, Pete Yost.

AUSTIN AMERICAN STATESMAN--(202) 887-8329; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20001: Chuck Lindell.

BALTIMORE SUN--(202) 416-0250; 1627 K Street, Suite 1100, Washington, DC 
20006: Susan Baer, Jeffrey Barker, Tom Bowman, Julie Davis, Ellen Gamerman, 
Robert Timberg, Paul West, Jules Witcover.

BASLER ZEITUNG--(202) 986-7542; 1526 Corcoran Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20009: Lucian Caspar.

BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE--(202) 554-0458; 33 Overbrook Road, Catonsville, MD 
21228: Gerard Shields.

BIOWORLD TODAY--(202) 719-7816; 4301 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 20008: Aaron Lorenzo.

BIRMINGHAM NEWS--(202) 383-7837; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mary Orndorff.

BLOOMBERG NEWS--(202) 624-1966; 1399 New York Avenue, 11th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Leo Abruzzese, Laurence Arnold, William Arthur, 
Laurie Asseo, Theresa Barry, Paul Basken, Max Berley, John Berry, Otis 
Bilodeau, Jeffrey Bliss, Romaine Bostick, Andy Burt, Anthony Capaccio, 
Kevin Carmichael, Kimberly Chipman, Sonya Cooper, Susan Decker, Vincent Del 
Giudice, Edward DeMarco, Catherine Dodge, Ryan Donmoyer, Kerry Dooley-
Young, Timothy Doyle, Mark Drajem, Bob Drummond, James Efstathiou, Daniel 
Enoch, Victor Epstein, Alison Fitzgerald, Michael Forsythe, Viola Gienger, 
Daniel Goldstein, Vince Golle, Brigitte Greenberg, Robert Greene, Kristen 
Hallam, Daniel Hart, John Hughes, Ann Hughey, Albert Hunt, Kristin Jensen, 
Nicholas Johnston, Richard Keil, Nancy Kercheval, Scott Lanman, Catherine 
Larkin, Laura Litvan, Judith Mathewson, Kristy McKeaney, Michael McKee, 
Demian McLean, Mark McQuillan, William McQuillen, Robin Meszoly, Kevin 
Miller, Brendan Murray, Jay Newton Small, C. JoAnne Norton, James 
O'Connell, Joseph O'Reilly II, Art Pine, Joseph Richter, William Roberts 
III, Neil Roland, Holly Rosenkrantz, James Rowley, James Rubin, Roger 
Runningen, Geraldine Ryerson-Cruz, Jonathan Salant, Courtney Schlisserman, 
William Schmick, Robert Schmidt, Robert Simison, Joseph Sobczyk, Jeffrey 
St. Onge, Jon Steinman, Greg Stohr, Amy Strahan, Alex Tanzi, Carlos Torres, 
Craig Torres, James Tyson, Ripley Watson II, Jesse Westbrook, Robert 
Willis, Joe Winski, Janine Zacharia, Julie Ziegler.

BOND BUYER--(202) 434-0307; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 20005: 
Craig Ferris, Lynn Hume, Alison McConnell, Emily Newman, Humberto Sanchez, 
Matthew Vadum.

BOSTON GLOBE--(202) 857-5060; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 
Washington, DC 20036: Bryan Bender, Peter Canellos, Nina Easton, Diedtra 
Henderson, Richard Klein, Michael Kranish, Susan Milligan, Thomas Oliphant, 
Charles Savage, Farah Stockman, Cynthia Taylor, Joseph Williams, Jr.

BOSTON HERALD--(202) 638-1796; 988 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Andrew Miga, Noelle Straub.

BUFFALO NEWS--(202) 737-3188; 1141 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Douglas Turner, Jerry Zremski.

CANADIAN PRESS--(202) 638-3367; 1128 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Elizabeth Gorham.

CANWEST NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7576; 1206 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sheldon Alberts.

CAPITAL CONNECTIONS--(202) 337-2044; 1698 32nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Karen Feld.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3255; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., Washington, 
DC 20017: Julie Asher, Agostino Bono, Jerome Filteau, Barbara Fraze, Nancy 
Hartnagel, Nancy O'Brien, Mark Pattison, Stephen Steele, Patricia Zapor, 
Carol Zimmerman.

CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-2738; 1173 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Wennie Chi, Wen-Chi Lin, Kuen-yuan Liu.

CHARLOTTE OBSERVER--(202) 383-6057; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Timothy Funk.

CHATTANOOGA TIMES FREE PRESS--(202) 662-7651; 1190 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Andrew Sher.

CHEMICAL NEWS & INTELLIGENCE--(202) 776-1352 1150 18th Street, Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20036: Joseph Kamalick.

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(202) 393-4340; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, #1203, 
Washington, DC 20006: Robert Novak.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8226; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: Naftali Bendavid, Kenneth Bredemeier, Rudolph Bush, John Crewdson, 
Mike Dorning, Jan Greenburg, Stephen Hedges, Michael Kilian, Andrew Martin, 
William Neikirk, Clarence Page, Mark Silva, Cameron Simpson, R. Michael 
Tackett, Vickie Walton-James, Dina White, Andrew Zajac, Jeff Zeleny, Jill 
Zuckman.

CHINA ECONOMIC DAILY--(703) 698-8579; 3305 Crest Haven Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22042: Jinyong Guan, Zhengxin Li, Haixin Liu.

CHINA NEWS SERVICE--(703) 527-5887; 1020 N Stafford Street, Suite 100, 
Arlington, VA 22201: Donghui Yu.

[[Page 948]]

CHINA TIMES--(202) 347-5670; 952 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Norman Fu, Ping Liu.

CHINA YOUTH DAILY--(703) 534-3378; 251 Gundry Drive, Falls Church, VA 
22046: Xiang Weng.

CHOSUN ILBO--(202) 841-3090; 1291 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Yongbom Heo, Insun Kang.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(202) 481-6643; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20006: Faye Bowers, Gail Chaddock, David Cook, John Dillin, 
Jr., Linda Feldmann, Peter Grier, Francine Kiefer, Howard La Franchi, Jeff 
McCrehan, Warren Richey.

CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Elizabeth Auster, Sabrina Eaton, Stephen Koff, Nedra 
Shelly.

COLUMBIA STATE--(202) 383-6032; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Lauren Markoe Kolko.

COLUMBUS DISPATCH--(202) 824-6766; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 850, 
Washington, DC 20001: Jonathan Riskind, Jack Torry.

COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Randy Barrett, Howard Buskirk, Edith Herman, Adrianne Kroepsch, 
Dinesh Kumar, Terry Lane, Ian Martinez, Andrew Noyes, Tania Panczyk-
Collins, Greg Piper, Susan Polyakova, Anne Veigle.

CONGRESSDAILY--(202) 739-8400; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., Washington, 
DC 20037: Peter Cohn, Susan Davis, Jack Deutsch, Jason Dick, Kathy 
Gambrell, Darren Goode, Juliana Gruenwald, Emily Heil, David Hess, Charles 
Jordan, Amy Klamper, Alyson Klein, Keith Koffler, Michaela May, Charles 
Mitchell, David Morris, Louis Peck, Molly Peterson, Michael Posner, Spencer 
Rich, Julie Rovner, Lori Sharn, Richard Sia, John Stanton, Martin Vaughan, 
Mark Wegner, Keith White, Greta Wodele, Vevlyn Wright.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 419-8334; 1255 22nd Street, Washington, DC 
20037: Liza Ackerman, Rebecca Adams, Syed Ali, Jonathan Allen, Martha 
Angle, Jill Barshay, James Bayot, Robert Benenson, Susan Benkelman, Adriel 
Bettelheim, John Bicknell, Geoffrey Bosworth, Wendy Boudreau, Jonathan 
Broder, Ronald Brodmann, Alecia Burke, Mary Agnes Carey, James Carroll, 
Charlene Carter, Linda Cartwright, Mike Christensen, David Clarke, John 
Cochran, George Codrea, Charles Conlon, Maureen Conners, Catherine Cooper, 
Susan Crabtree, John Cranford, Craig Crawford, Michael Crittenden, Ralph 
Dannheisser, David Davis, John Dineen, John Donnelly, Loren Duggan, Leslie 
Duncan, Ben Evans, Susan Ferrechio, Bonnie Forrest, Jacob Freedman, Jeffrey 
Friedman, Gregory Giroux, Shelia Goffe, Seth Goldman, Shweta Govindarajan, 
Kimberly Hallock, Caitlin Harrington, David Hawkings, Robert Healy, Caitlin 
Hendel, Paul Hendrie, Anne Hoy, Benton Ives-Halperin, Mary Clare Jalonick, 
Marian Jarlenski, Toni Johnson, Kerry Jones, Patricia Joy, Martin Kady II, 
Rachel Kapochunas, Jonathan Katz, Noella Kertes, Peter King, Emi Kolawole, 
Jaculine Koszczuk, Daniel Link, Alice Lipowicz, Maureen Lorenzetti, Sean 
Madigan, Robert Merry, David Miller, Michael Mills, James Morris, David 
Nather, E. Roy Nkansah, Stephen Norton, Brian Nutting, Joseph Nyitray, 
Veronika Oleksyn, Alan Ota, Daniel Parks, Keith Perine, Zachary Phillips, 
Anne Plummer, Isaiah Poole, Gayle Putrich, David Rapp, Eric Ray, John 
Reichard, Michael Remez, Daphne Retter, Betty Richardson, Neil Ripley, 
Katherine Rizzo, Justin Rood, Peter Roybal, Peggy Sands, Adam Satariano, 
Joseph Schatz, Jodi Schneider, Kate Schuler, Amol Sharma, Tim Starks, Jeff 
Stein, Mark Stencel, Seth Stern, Alexandra Stoddard, Bill Swindell, Andrew 
Taylor, Michael Teitelbaum, Joelle Tessler, Robert Tomkin, Larry Tunks, 
Joseph Warminsky, Alexander Wayne, Lisa Weintraub, Stephanie Weintraub, 
Keith White, Guy Whitmire, Daniel Winicour, Kathryn Wolfe, Yee Ling Woo, 
Randall Wynn.

CONNECTICUT POST--(202) 662-8927; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Peter Urban.

COPLEY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 737-7686; 1100 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Joe Cantlupe, George Condon, Jr., Toby Eckert, Jerry 
Kammer, Paul Krawzak, Otto Kreisher, Finlay Lewis, Dori Meinert, Rosemary 
Petersen, Marcus Stern, Dana Wilkie.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 887-8334; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: Andrew Alexander, Susan Burns, Rebecca Carr, Arthur 
Dalglish, Robert Dart, Robert Deans, Jr., Marilyn Geewax, Rafi Guroian, Ken 
Herman, Charles Holmes, Elliot Jaspin, Bob Kemper, Laurence Lipman, Julia 
Malone, Eunice Moscoso, Jeff Nesmith, Carl Rauscher, Jr., Scott Shepard, 
Anne Usher.

CREATORS SYNDICATE--(202) 662-1255; 1009 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Mark Shields.

DAILY DEAL--(202) 429-2991; 1775 K Street, Suite 590, Washington, DC 20006: 
Donna Block, Cecile Kohrs, Shanon Murray, Ron Orol.

DAILY OKLAHOMAN--(202) 662-7543; 914 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Chris Casteel, Mark Green.

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(202) 661-8413; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, Washington, 
DC 20005: Alfredo Corchado, Robert Dodge, Todd Gillman, G. Robert Hillman, 
David Jackson, James Landers, Carl Leubsdorf, Katherine Lewis, Michelle 
Mittelstadt, Allen Pusey, Richard Whittle.

DEFENSE DAILY--(703) 522-5655; 1011 Arlington Blvd., Suite 131, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Geoff Fein, John Robinson, Ann Roosevelt, Sharon Wienberger.

[[Page 949]]

DEFENSE TODAY--(202) 662-9729; 1325 G Street, Suite 1003, Washington, DC 
20005: David Ahearn, Nathan Hodge, Richard Mullen, Scott Nance.

DENVER POST--(202) 662-8908; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tamainia Davis, John Farrell, Anne Mulkern, Michael Soraghan.

DER TAGESSPIEGEL--(202) 234-2168; 766 A Chireh Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Malte Lehming.

DES MOINES REGISTER--(202) 906-8138; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Philip Brasher, Jane Norman.

DESERET NEWS--(202) 737-5311; 1061 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jerry Spangler.

DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 383-6036; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Ruby Bailey.

DETROIT NEWS--(202) 906-8204; 1100 New York Avenue, Suite 200E, Washington, 
DC 20005: Alison Bethel, Jeff Plungis, Deborah Price, Richard Ryan, Lisa 
Zagaroli.

DIE PRESSE--(703) 931-9558; 3308 Peace Valley Lane, Falls Church, VA 22044: 
Norbert Rief.

DIE TAGESZEITUNG--(202) 462-6824; 1721 Newton Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20020: Michael Streck.

DONG-A ILBO--(202) 347-4097; 974 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Soon-Taek Kwon.

DOW JONES NEWSWIRES--(202) 862-9230; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 1100, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mark Anderson, Jeffrey Bater, Brian Blackstone, 
Judith Burns, Rebecca Christie, John Connor, Jennifer Corbett Dooren, John 
Godfrey, Siobhan Hughes, Alex Keto, Dawn Kopecki, Deborah Lagomarsino, 
Karen Matusic, Elizabeth Price, Maya Randall, Joseph Rebello, Edmund Walsh, 
Robert Wells.

EDINBURGH SCOTSMAN--(202) 248-9592; 2515 13th Street, Apt.#408, Washington, 
DC 20009: Alex Massie.

EFE NEWS SERVICES--(202) 745-7692; 1252 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Maria Azpiazu, Jorge Banales, Teresa Bouza, Rafael 
Canas, Maribel El Hamti, Orlando Lizama, Rosendo Majano, Cesar Munoz, Maria 
Pena, Macarena Vidal Liy, Piedad Vinas Diaz.

EL COLUMBIANO--(703) 931-9538; 4770 West Braddock Road, Alexandria VA 
22311: Silvia Dangond.

EL FINANCIERO--(703) 707-0236; 2300 Darius Lane, Reston, VA 20191: Dolia 
Estevez.

EL NUEVO DIA--(202) 662-7360; 1053 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Delgado.

EL TIEMPO--(202) 607-5929; 1102 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Sergio Gomez.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 662-7190; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Carreno.

ELEFTHEROS TYPOS--(202) 675-0697; 1125 6th Street, NE., Washington, DC 
20008: Papantoniou Lambros.

ENERGY DAILY--(202) 662-9739; 1325 G Street, Suite 1003, Washington, DC 
20005: Jeff Beattie, Christopher Holly, Llewellyn King, George Lobsenz, 
Tina Seeley.

EPOCH TIMES--(301) 515-9447; 8927 Shady Grove Ct., Rockvile, MD 20877: Hui 
Jing.

FAIRBANKS DAILY NEWS MINER--(202) 662-8721; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sam Bishop.

FAIRCHILD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 496-4975; 1050 17th Street NW., Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20036: Kristi Ellis, Joanna Ramey, Susan Watters.

FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 434-0975; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, Washington, DC 
20005: Edward Alden, Andrew Balls, Guy Dinmore, Stephanie Kirchgaessner, 
Demetri Sevastopulo, Christopher Swann, Patti Waldmeir, Hubert Wetzel.

FORT WAYNE JOURNAL GAZETTE--(202) 879-6710; 551 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sylvia Smith.

FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM--(202) 383-6016; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Montgomery, Maria Recio.

FRANKFURTER RUNDSCHAU--(301) 762-9661; 1717 Sunrise Drive, Rockville, MD 
20854: Dietmar Ostermann.

FREDERICKSBURG FREE LANCE-STAR--(540) 374-5000; 616 Amelia Street, 
Fredericksburg, VA 22401: Rick Mercier, Johnathan Hunley.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 854-5898; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McClean, VA 
22107: Caesar Andrews, Sammie Chen, Linda Dono, Leonard Fischer, Marie 
Marino, Craig Schwed.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 906-8124; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Douglas Abrahms, Robert Benincasa, Larry Bivins, Faith Bremner, 
Pamela Brogan, Jennifer Brooks, Sergio Bustos, Catalina Camia, Dennis 
Camire, Raju Chebium, Val Ellicott, Ellyn Ferguson, Jim Golden, Maureen 
Groppe, Erin Kelly, Ledyard King, Theresa Klisz, John Machacek, Mike 
Madden, Claude Pruitt, Charles Raasch, Ana Radelat, Laura Rehrmann, 
Katherine Scott, Brian Tumulty, Billie Jean Wells, Lawrence Wheeler, 
Gregory Wright, John Yaukey.

GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 662-1227; 969 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Gabriele Chwallek, Hans Dahne, Frank Fuhrig, Margret 
Johnston, Klaus Marre, Mike McCarthy, Christiane Oelrich, Paticia Reber, 
Lea Ann Schnakenberg, Laszlo Trankovits.

GLOBAL HORIZONS SYNDICATE--(202) 659-1921; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC: 20036 Edward Flattau.

GRIFFIN-LARRABEE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 554-3579; 2404 Davis Avenue, 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Betty Mills.

[[Page 950]]

HARRISBURG PATRIOT-NEWS--(202) 383-7833; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20036: Brett Lieberman.

HARTFORD COURANT--(202) 824-8451; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: Liz Halloran, David Lightman.

HEALTH NEWS DAILY--(301) 657-9830; 5550 Friendship Boulevard, Suite 1, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: Nellie Bristol.

HEARST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 263-6413; 1850 K Street NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Kristen Collie, Jennifer Dlouhy, Dan Freedman, Judy 
Holland, Charles Lewis, Marianne Means, Stewart Powell, Eric Rosenberg, 
Timothy Spence, Helen Thomas.

HELSINGIN SANOMAT--(202) 955-7956; 1726 M Street, NW., Suite #700, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jyri Raivio.

HINDU--(301) 654-9038; 4701 Willard Avenue, #1531, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Sridhar Krishnaswami.

HINDUSTAN TIMES--(703) 876-6149; 2731 Pleasantdale Road, #203, Vienna, VA 
22180: Sethuraman Rajauopalan.

HOKKAIDO SHIMBUN--(202) 628-5374; 1012 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Takuya Nishimura, Isao Yamagishi.

HOLLYWOOD REPORTER--(202) 833-8845; 910 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Brooks Boliek.

HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6533; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Justin Guest, Michael Hedges, Cragg Hines, David 
Ivanovich, Samantha Levine, Gebe Martinez, Julie Mason, Patty Reinert-
Mason, Bennett Roth, Stephen Smith.

HURRIYET--(301) 564-6691; 16 Grove Ridge Court, Rockville, MD 20852: Mehmet 
Cindemir.

IL CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(202) 879-6733; 841 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ennio Caretto.

IL GIORNALE--(202) 237-1019; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20016: 
Mariuccia Chiantaretto.

IL SECOLO XIX--(202) 957-8522; 5132 Tilden Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Elysa Fazzino.

INTER PRESS SERVICE--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: James Lobe, Emad Mekay.

INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE--(202) 862-0357; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20006: Brian Knowlton.

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(202) 728-2155; 1001 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
415, Washington, DC 20036: Jed Graham, Sean Higgins, Brian Mitchell.

ITAR-TASS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dmitry Kirsanov, Ivan Lebedev, Andrei Sitov, Andrey 
Surzhanskiy, Pavel Vanichkin.

JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(202) 737-0935; 1025 Vermont Avenue, NW., #504, 
Washington, DC 20005: Matthew Berger, Ron Kampeas.

JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Kensuke Karube, Yoshida Kishida, Tetsuya Nakano, Yoshiaki Okuma, 
Carlos Solis Jr., Hiroyuki Takahashi, Eiji Toshi.

JYLLANDS-POSTEN--(301) 320-9079; 6405 Little Leigh Court, Cabin John, MD 
20818: Klaus Justsen.

KANSAS CITY STAR--(202) 383-6105; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Goldstein, Matthew Stearns.

KIPLING NEWS SERVICE--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906: Bogdan Kipling.

KNIGHT RIDDER--(202) 383-6056; 700 12th Street NW., Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Beryl Adcock, James Asher, Seth Borenstein, Robert Boyd, Steven 
Butler, Crystal Davis, William Douglas, Joseph Galloway, Frank Greve, Kevin 
Hall, Stephen Henderson, Clark Hoyt, Ron Hutcheson, James Kuhnhenn, 
Jonathan Landay, Shannon McCaffrey, Anthony Pugh, Robert Rankin, Renee 
Schoof, Mark Seibel, Warren Strobel, Steven Thomma, John Walcott, Alison 
Young.

KOMMERSANT--(202) 248-8191; 3700 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 317, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Dmitry Sidorov.

KUWAIT NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Aya Batrawy, Ronald Baygents, Saad Mohammad.

KYODO NEWS--(202) 347-5767; 400 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hirotsugu Aida, Hideomi Kinoshita, Yoshio Miyasaka, Kohei Murayama, 
Masakatsu Ota, Derek Sands, Toshimitsu Sawai, Yuriko Sumikawa, Jun 
Takahashi, Masaya Takahashi, Shinya Tanaka, Tomoji Tatsumi, Lisa Thomas, 
Akemi Yoshimoto.

LA JORNADA--(202) 547-5852; 132 North Carolina Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 
20003: David Brooks, James Cason.

LA NACION--(202) 744-7737; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hugo Alconada.

LA TRIBUNA NEWSPAPER--(202) 737-5349; 1193 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Jacobo Goldstein.

LA VANGUARDIA--(301) 229-1695; 6812 Algonquin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Eusebio Val Mitjavila.

LAS VEGAS SUN--(202) 662-7436; 529 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ben Grove, Suzanne Struglinski.

[[Page 951]]

LE FIGARO--(202) 342-3199; 1228 30th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20007: 
Philippe Gelie.

LE MAURICIEN--(301) 424-3884; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

LE PARISIEN--(202) 320-9546; 1841 Columbia Road, NW., #402, Washington, DC 
20009: Thomas Cantaloube.

LIBERATION--(202) 249-9343; 4127 Harrison Street, Washington, DC 20015: 
Pascal Riche.

LIBERTY TIMES--(202) 879-6765; 1294 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Nadia Y.F. Tsao.

LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5195; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20005: Francis Harris, Alec Russell, Philip Sherwell.

LONDON INDEPENDENT--(202) 467-4460; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20036: Rupert Cornwell.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 484-8255; 1 First Street, NE., Pressroom, 
Washington, DC 20543: Brent Kendall.

LOS ANGELES DAILY NEWS--(202) 662-8731; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Lisa Friedman.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(202) 293-4650; 1875 I Street, Suite 1100, Washington, 
DC 20006: Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Stephen Braun, Ronald Brownstein, Edwin 
Chen, Richard Cooper, Mary Curtius, Robert Drogin, Sonni Efron, Faye Fiore, 
Don Frederick, K. Nicole Gaouette, James Gerstenzang, Peter Gosselin, 
Thomas Hamburger, Joel Havemann, Melissa Healy, John Hendren, Leslie 
Hoffecker, Janet Hook, Frankie Jackson, Mark Madden, Tyler Marshall, Mark 
Mazzetti, Thomas McCarthy, Allison McIntyre, Doyle McManus, Joshua Meyer, 
Alan Miller, Greg Miller, T. Christian Miller, Deborah Nelson, Chuck 
Neubauer, Johanna Neuman, Robert Ourlian, Judy Pasternak, Jonathan 
Peterson, Maura Reynolds, Paul Richter, James Robinson, Walter Roche, Jr., 
Phillip Ruiz, David Savage, Richard Schmitt, Esther Schrader, Richard 
Serrano, Jube Shiver, Jr., Kenneth Silverstein, Richard Simon, Warren 
Vieth, Peter Wallsten, David Willman, Donald Woutat, Aaron Zitner.

LOS TIEMPOS--(703) 536-9001; 6521 Arlington Blvd., Suite 214, Falls Church, 
VA 22042: Armando Morales Lujan.

LOUISVILLE COURIER JOURNAL--(202) 906-8141; 1100 New York Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20005: James Carroll.

LOWELL SUN--(202) 662-8926; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Evan Lehmann.

LRP PUBLICATIONS--(703) 516-7002; 1901 North Moore Street, Suite 1106, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Kara Arundel, Steve Brown, Michael Cardman, Katharine 
Chase, Julie Davidson, Kathleen Filipczyk, Patrick Harden, David Hubler, 
Stewart Magnuson, Pamela Moore, Katherine Shek, Sarah Sparks, Clarissa 
Spasyk, Andrew Viccora.

L'UNITA--(202) 237-1050; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20016: Bruno 
Marolo.

MAARIV--(202) 210-6019; 11800 Seven Locks Road, Potomac, MD 20854: Tal 
Schneider.

MAGYAR SZO--(202) 904-4433; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 207, 
Washington, DC 20036: Tibor Purger.

MAINICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Jun Kimura, Evan Moore, Hiroaki Wada.

MARKET NEWS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Steven Beckner, Denny Gulino, Claudia Hirsch, Kevin 
Kastner, Chris Middleton, Yali N'Diaye, Joseph Plocek, Heather Scott-
Molleda, John Shaw, Theresa Sheehan.

MARKETWATCH--(202) 824-0548; 620 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jeffry Bartash, Stephanie Cohen, Michael Maynard, Margaret McNeil, 
Rex Nutting, Gregory Robb, Robert Schroeder.

McCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS--(202) 383-0008; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Les Blumenthal, Michael Bold, Michael Doyle, Greg 
Gordon, Lawrence O'Rourke, James Rosen, Mary Settles, Margaret Talev, David 
Westphal, David Whitney.

McCLENDON NEWS SERVICE--(202) 797-8467; 2933 28th Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20008: David MacDonald.

MEDIA GENERAL--(202) 662-7660; 1214 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Marilyn Rauber.

MEDIA GENERAL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7677; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: James Crawley, John Hall, Gilbert Klein Jr., Richard 
Lee, Marsha Mercer.

MEDICAL DEVICE DAILY--(202) 719-7814; 4301 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 20008: Christopher Delporte.

MIAMI HERALD--(202) 383-6019; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Pablo Bachelet, Frank Davies, Nancy San Martin-Raedle.

MILITARY UPDATE--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Thomas Philpott.

MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Craig Gilbert, Katherine Skiba.

MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 383-0003; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kevin Diaz, Rob Hotakainen.

MOBILE REGISTER--(202) 383-7815; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Sean Reilly.

[[Page 952]]

MUNWHA ILBO--(202) 662-7342; 1148 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Mi Sook Lee.

MYERS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 479-1130; 8213 Taunton Place, Springfield, VA 
22152: Michael Myers.

NATIONAL JOURNAL'S TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(202) 261-0359; 600 New Hampshire, 
NW., Washington, DC 20037: Chloe Albanesius, Randy Barrett, Danielle 
Belopotosky, Winter Casey, Drew Clark, K. Daniel Glover, David Hatch, 
Sharon McLoone, Sarah Stirland.

NATIONAL NEWS RESEARCH SYNDICATE--(202) 223-1196; 500 23rd Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Ralph de Toledano, Charles Kendall, Jr.

NEW HAVEN REGISTER--(202) 737-5654; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Suite 
232, Washington, DC 20004: Joseph Straw.

NEW ORLEANS TIMES-PICAYUNE--(202) 383-7861; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20036: Bruce Alpert, John McQuaid, Bill Walsh.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6770; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, #3100, 
Washington, DC 20007: Kenneth Bazinet, Thomas DeFrank, James Meek, Richard 
Sisk.

NEW YORK SUN--(202) 775-1542; 1101 17th Street, Suite 610, Washington, DC 
20036: Luiza Ch. Savage.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0370; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20006: Edmund Andrews, Von Aulston, Felicity Barringer, Janet Battaile, 
Elizabeth Becker, James Bennet, Monica Borkowski, Julie Bosman, Joel 
Brinkley, Gregory Brock, David Brooks, Elisabeth Bumiller, Lynette 
Clemetson, Helene Cooper, Rebecca Corbett, John Cushman, Jr., James Dao, 
Maureen Dowd, John Files, Jeff Gerth, Adrianne Goodman, Linda Greenhouse, 
Janis Harland, Gardiner Harris, Raymond Hernandez, Elizabeth Hines, Carl 
Hulse, Michael Janofsky, Douglas Jehl, David Johnston, Glen Justice, Susan 
Keller, Anne Kornblut, Stephen Labaton, Warren Leary, Kristen Lee, Neil 
Lewis, Eric Lichtblau, Eric Lipton, Clifton Meadows, Adam Nagourney, 
Elizabeth Olson, Robert Pear, Kathleen Phillips, Todd Purdum, Courtney 
Radsch, Cory Reiss, David Rosenbaum, David Sanger, Eric Schmitt, Scott 
Shane, Thomas Shanker, Philip Shenon, Ronald Skarzenski, Richard Stevenson, 
Sheryl Stolberg, David Stout, Philip Taubman, John Tierney, Robin Toner, 
Hugh Truslow, Ian Urbina, Matthew Wald, Leslie Wayne, Steven Weisman, Brian 
Wingfield.

NEW YORK TIMES MAGAZINE--(202) 237-1218; 3742 Appleton Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Matt Bai.

NEWARK STAR-LEDGER--(202) 383-7823; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Robert Cohen, J. Scott Orr.

NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7812; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Miles Benson, Linda Fibich, Deborah Howell, Sarah 
Kellogg, Terence Kivlan, Katherine Lewis, Chuck McCutcheon, Michele 
Melendez, Delia Rios, Bruce Seeman, Dru Sefton, Jonathan Tilove, David 
Wood.

NEWPORT NEWS DAILY PRESS--(202) 824-8224; 1325 G Street, NW., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Lerman.

NEWSDAY--(202) 393-5630; 1730 Pennsylvania Avenue, #850, Washington, DC 
20006: Deborah Barfield Berry, Thomas Brune, Kenneth Fireman, D. Craig 
Gordon, Sarah Mueller, J. Jioni Palmer, Timothy Phelps.

NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE--(301) 320-5559; 6008 Osceola Road, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Robert Wagman.

NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 815 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 310, Washington, DC 
20006: Hiroyuki Akita, Tomoko Ashizuka, Christina Bilski, Tetsuya Jitsu, 
Hidenaka Kato, Stephen Keefe, Hiroyuki Kotake, Rumiko Yamamoto, Toru 
Yoshida.

NISHI-NIPPON SHIMBUN--(202) 393-5812; 1012 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Tadaoki Aoki, Risa Akiyama Ciccone.

NORTHWEST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 546-2547; 316 3rd Street, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Lawrence Swisher.

NOTIMEX MEXICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5227; 975 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ricardo Alday, Ruben Barrera, Jose Lopez Zamorano, 
Santiago Tavara.

O ESTADO DE S. PAULO--(202) 628-3752; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 
Washington, DC 20005: Paulo Sotero.

OLIPHANT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 298-7226; P.O. Box 9808, Washington, DC 20016: 
Cortright Oliphant.

OMAHA WORLD-HERALD--(202) 662-7270; 836 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Jake Thompson.

ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER--(202) 628-6381; 1295 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dena Bunis, Angela Stephens.

OREGONIAN--(202) 383-7819; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, Washington, 
DC 20036: James Barnett, Jeffrey Kosseff.

ORLANDO SENTINEL--(202) 824-8255; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: Tamara Lytle.

OUEST-FRANCE--(202) 248-6945; 1841 Columbia Road NW., #402, Washington, DC 
20009: Isabelle Duriez.

[[Page 953]]

PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(202) 383-6048; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Steven Goldstein, Christopher Mondics.

PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE--(202) 662-7025; 955 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Michael McGough, Maeve Reston, Karen MacPhersen, Ann 
McFeatters, Michael Woods.

PLATTS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-2250; 1200 G Street, Suite 1100, Washington, 
DC 20005: Gerald Karey, Catherine Landry.

POLITICAL MONEY LINE--(202) 237-2500; 6004 Nevada Avenue, NW., Washington, 
DC 20015: Kent Cooper, Anthony Raymond.

PORTLAND PRESS HERALD--(202) 488-1119; 1711 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20036: Bart Jansen.

PRESS TRUST OF INDIA--(301) 951-8657; 4450 South Park Avenue, Suite 1719, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: T.V. Parasuram.

PROVIDENCE JOURNAL--(202) 661-8423; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, Washington, 
DC 20005: John Mulligan.

RALEIGH NEWS & OBSERVER--(202) 662-4380; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20005: Valerie Bauerlein.

RELIGION NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7863; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 350, 
Washington, DC 20036: Adelle Banks, Kevin Eckstrom, Mark O'Keefe.

RESTRUCTURING TODAY--(202) 298-8201; 4418 MacArthur Blvd., Washington, DC 
20007: Steven Greenlee, Joan Henderson, George Spencer, Samuel Spencer.

REUTERS--(202) 898-8319; 1333 H Street, Suite 410, Washington, DC 20005: 
Charles Abbott, John Abell, Charles Aldinger, Charles Alexander, Victoria 
Allen, JoAnne Allen, Chris Baltimore, Eric Beech, Melissa Bland, Caren 
Bohan, Deborah Charles, Doina Chiacu, Susan Jean Cornwell, Richard Cowan, 
John Crawley, Timothy Dobbyn, Christopher Doering, Tom Doggett, Robert 
Doherty, Michael Dolan, Stuart Doughty, Kevin Drawbaugh, Caroline Drees, 
Will Dunham, Todd Eastham, Paul Eckert, Sarah Edmonds, Giles Elgood, Alan 
Elsner, Randy Fabi, Mark Felsenthal, Alexander Ferguson, Thomas Ferraro, 
Margaret Fox, Carol Giacomo, Paul Grant, Susan Heavey, Cheyenne Hopkins, 
Andrea Hopkins, Saul Hudson, Justin Hyde, Stacey Joyce, Peter Kaplan, 
Joanne Kenen, Darrell Law, David Lawder, Jonathan Lyons, Laura MacInnis, 
Sandra Maler, Randall Mikkelsen, Arshad Mohammed, David Morgan, Joanne 
Morrison, Essex Noel, Chizu Nomiyama, Bette O'Connor, Jeremy Pelofsky, Sue 
Pleming, John Poirier, Lisa Richwine, Kristin Roberts, Martin Roberts, Joel 
Rothstein, Timothy Ryan, Lori Santos, Andrea Shalal-Esa, Donna Smith, Brad 
Smith, Glenn Somerville, Neil Stempleman, David Storey, Andy Sullivan, 
Peter Szekely, William Trott, James Vicini, Julie Vorman, Nancy Waitz, John 
Whitesides, David Wiessler, Anna Willard, Patricia Wilson, Jim Wolf, Lesley 
Wroughton, Karey Wutkowski, Deborah Zabarenko, Tabassum Zakaria.

RHEINISCHE POST--(301) 641-3463; 10201 Windsor View Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Thomas Spang.

RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH--(202) 662-7669; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Peter Hardin.

RIVERSIDE PRESS-ENTERPRISE--(202) 661-8422; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 
Washington, DC 20045: Claire Vitucci.

ROLL CALL REPORT SYNDICATE--(202) 737-1888; 960 A National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Michael Lesparre, Richard Thomas.

SALT LAKE TRIBUNE--(202) 549-8955; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Robert Gehrke.

SALT LAKE TRIBUNE--(202) 662-8897; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Christopher Smith.

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS--(202) 263-6451; 1850 K Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20006: Gary Martin.

SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6577; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Zachary Coile, Edward Epstein, Carolyn Lochhead, Marc 
Sandalow.

SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS--(202) 383-6043; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: James Puzzanghera.

SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2101; 330 Nationa Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Yukio Kashiyama, Hideo Kesen, Yoshihisa Komori, Toyokazu Kondo, 
Bruce Scott Stewart.

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 944-3890; 6012 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa Bashir, Liam Hurley, 
Azeddine Labriny, Tarun Reddy, Nezar Sheikh.

SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(703) 734-9288; 1827 Barbee Street, McLean, 
VA 22101: Mengjun Zhang.

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 408-1484; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: Curtis Lee Bowman, James Brosnan, Michael 
Collins, Peter Copeland, Tara Copp, Mary Deibel, Robert Friedman, Lance 
Gay, Laurel Hackett, Thomas Hargrove, Lisa Hoffman, Joan Lowy, Dale 
McFeatters, Thomas Mentzer, Amie Parnes, Richard Powelson, Michael 
Sprengelmeyer, Bill Straub, Bartholomew Sullivan, Dan Thomasson, Karen 
Timmons.

SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER--(202) 263-6461; 1850 K Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20006: Charles Pope.

[[Page 954]]

SEGYE TIMES--(202) 637-0587; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Kiyon Kuk.

SEKAI NIPPO--(202) 898-8292; 1510 H Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Toshiyuki Hayakawa, Yoshio Mitoma.

SEOUL SHINMUN--(202) 393-4061; 1267 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Do Woon Lee.

SINGAPORE STRAITS TIMES--(202) 662-8728; 916 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Eugene Lek Kee Low, Roger Mitton.

SINGTAO DAILY--(202) 250-6130; 2201 L Street, NW., Apt. #307, Washington, 
DC 20037: Zhigang Chen.

SMARTMONEY.COM--(202) 828-3390; 1025 Conneticut Avenue, NW., Suite 1100, 
Washington, DC 20036: Michael DeSenne.

SOUTH FLORIDA SUN-SENTINEL--(202) 8248256; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: William Gibson, Rafael Lorente.

SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN--(202) 383-7859; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: JoAnn Moriarty.

ST. LOUIS POST DISPATCH--(202) 298-6880; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
1102, Washington, DC 20036: Karen Branch-Brioso, Philip Dine, Aloysia 
Hamalainen, William Lambrecht, Jon Sawyer, Deirdre Shesgreen.

ST. PETERSBURG TIMES--(202) 463-0575; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, #1300, 
Washington, DC 20036: William Adair, Wes Allison, Anita Kumar.

STEPHENS MEDIA GROUP--(202) 738-1760; 666 11th Street, Suite 535, 
Washington, DC 20001: Tony Batt, Stephan Tetreault, Alison Vekshin, 
Samantha Young.

STUTTGARTER ZEITUNG--(301) 983-0735; 11204 Powder Horn Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Juergen Koar.

SUEDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(202) 965-5253; 4715 Butterworth Place, NW., 
Washington, DC 20016: Marc Hujer.

SVENSKA DAGBLADET--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 
Washington, DC 20008: Karin Henriksson.

SYRACUSE POST STANDARD--(202) 383-7817; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: L. Peter Lyman.

TAGES ANZEIGER--(202) 3328575; 2026 16th Street, NW., #5, Washington, DC 
20009: Martin Kilian.

TAIPEI TIMES--(301) 942-2442; P.O. Box 571, Garrett Park, MD 20898: Charles 
Snyder.

TAMPA TRIBUNE--(202) 662-7673; 1214 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Keith Epstein.

TECH LAW JOURNAL--(202) 364-8882; 3034 Newark Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20008: David Carney.

TOKYO-CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1012 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20007: Jennifer Gerdts, Shinichi Hisadome, Aki Naganuma, 
Yoichi Toyoda.

TORONTO STAR--(202) 662-7390; 982 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tim Harper.

TULSA WORLD--(202) 484-1424; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

TURKIYE DAILY--(202) 253-3289; 12704 Hallman Court, North Potomac, MD 
20878: Hasan Hazar.

UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 737-6426; 835 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Tsung-Chih Chang.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8238; 1510 H Street, Washington, DC 
20005: Ellen Beck, Tobin Beck, Phil Berardelli, Donna Borak, Christian 
Bourge, Krishnadev Calamur, Dr. John Daly, Arnaud de Borchgrave, Dee Ann 
Divis, Roland Flamini, Shihoko Goto, Dar Haddix, John Hendel, Caroline 
Horrigan, Anwar Iqbal, Michael Kirkland, Timothy Maloy, Louis Marano, 
Michael Marshall, Andrea Mihailescu, Steve Mitchell, Daniel Olmsted, Peter 
Roff, Claude Salhani, Martin Sieff, Richard Tomkins, Martin Walker, Shaun 
Waterman.

USA TODAY--(703) 854-5579; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 20005: Fred 
Anklam, Jr., Richard Benedetto, Joan Biskupic, Louise Branson, James Cox, 
Christopher Cubbison, Paul Davidson, Robert Davis, Barbara Delollis, 
William Dermody, John Diamond, Oren Dorell, Jim Drinkard, Peter Eisler, 
Melanie Eversley, Greg Farrell, Gwen Flanders, Thomas Frank, Barbara 
Hagenbaugh, Mimi Hall, Linda Holzer, Lee Horwich, Kevin Johnson, Judith 
Keen, Kathy Kiely, Suzanne Kirchhoff, Steven Komarow, Jill Lawrence, Donna 
Leinwand, Alan Levin, Toni Locy, Dave Moniz, Bill Nichols, Susan Page, 
William Risser, Barbara Slavin, Andrea Stone, William Welch, Richard Wolf.

USA TODAY--(703) 854-5647; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22108: Julie 
Appleby, Erik Brady, Dan Carney, Patrick Cooper, Mark Crane, Chet Czarniak, 
Haya El Nasser, Mindy Fetterman, 20005 Ed Foster-Simeon, Brian Gallagher, 
Andrew Gardiner, Raymond Goldbacher, George Hager, Sid Hurlburt, Rosalind 
Jackler, Dennis Kelly, Paul Leavitt, Thomas Lilleston, Mary Beth Marklein, 
Stephen Marshall, Mark Memmott, Jim Michaels, Patty Michalski, Blake 
Morrison, Vin Narayanan, Jayne O'Donnell, Paul Overberg, Laura Parker, 
Carolyn Pesce, Maria Puente, John Riley, John Siniff, Elliot Smith, Michael 
Snider, William Sternberg, Steve Sternberg, Jeffrey Stinson, Elisa Tinsley, 
Gregory Toppo, Saundra Torry, Owen Ullmann, Tom Vanden Brook, Dan Vergano, 
John Waggoner, 20005 Traci Watson, James Welch, Richard Whitmire, Richard 
Willing, Gregg Zoroya.

[[Page 955]]

VECERNJE NOVOSTI--(301) 325-2043; 4615 North Park Ave., Apt. 618, Bethesda, 
MD 20815: Dubravka Savic.

VIETNAM NEWS AGENCY--(202) 879-6718; 990 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Duc Dong Dung, Hi Vu Nghi, Minh Nguyen.

VIRGINIAN-PILOT--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Robert Block, Jess Bravin, Jackie Calmes, Mary 
Carnevale, David Cloud, Christopher Conkey, Christopher Cooper, Jeanne 
Cummings, Robert Davis, Nikhil Deogun, Yochi Dreazen, Stefan Fatsis, John 
Fialka, Gary Fields, John Harwood, Murray Hiebert, Greg Hitt, Gregory Ip, 
Greg Jaffe, Neil King, Jr., June Kronholz, Sarah Lueck, Anna Mathews, 
Laurie McGinley, John McKinnon, Brody Mullins, Michael Phillips, Carla 
Robbins, David Rogers, Sara Schaefer-Munoz, Amy Schatz, Jacob Schlesinger, 
Sharon Schmid, Michael Schroeder, Gerald Seib, Deborah Solomon, Anne Marie 
Squeo, Johnny Stevenson, David Wessel, Clayton Wiggins, John Wilke, Winston 
Wood, Bernard Wysocki, Jr.

WASHINGTON EXAMINER--(703) 627-3065; 6408 Edsall Road, Alexandria, VA 
22312: Robert Arkell, Anna Bailey, Andrei Blakely, Karen DeWitt, Michael 
Gerber, Mark Hand, Karl Hille, Nicholas Horrock, Sarah Kelly, Mary Ann 
Kuhn, Tim Maier, Jonathan Marino, Rahkia Nance, Michael Neibauer.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7261; 1150 15th Street, Washington, DC 20071: 
Joel Achenbach, Michael Allen, Charles Babcock, Charles Babington, Peter 
Baker, Daniel Balz, Gary Barr, Jeffrey Birnbaum, Justin Blum, David Broder, 
David Brown, Peter Carlson, D'Vera Cohn, Ceci Connolly, Alan Cooperman, 
Libby Copeland, Albert Crenshaw, Alice Crites, Kathleen Day, Lynne Duke, 
Thomas Edsall, Daniel Eggen, Brian Faler, Maureen Fan, Darryl Fears, Manny 
Fernandez, David Finkel, Michael Fletcher, Ann Gerhart, Susan Glasser, 
Annie Gowen, Bradley Graham, Guy Gugliotta, Maryann Haggerty, John Harris, 
Hamil Harris, Sari Horwitz, Spencer Hsu, Carrie Johnson, Amy Joyce, Al 
Kamen, Dan Keating, Glenn Kessler, Alec Klein, Jonathan Krim, Lyndsey 
Layton, Madonna Lebling, Christopher Lee, Mark Leibovich, Richard Leiby, 
Allan Lengel, Caroline Mayer, Dana Milbank, David Montgomery, Lori 
Montgomery, Dan Morgan, Shailagh Murray, Terence O'Hara, Eric Pianin, Sue 
Ann Pressley, Dana Priest, Eric Rich, Tom Ricks, Roxanne Roberts, Eugene 
Robinson, Susan Schmidt, Jeffrey Smith, Tom Toles, Jacqueline Trescott, 
Boyd Neely Tucker, Ann Scott Tyson, Jim Vande Hei, Shankar Vedantam, David 
Von Drehle, Jonathan Weisman, Rick Weiss, Eric Weiss, Josh White, Del 
Wilber, Vanessa Williams, Clarence Williams, Bob Woodward, Eric Yoder.

WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES--(804) 776-7947; 1006 Harrison 
Circle, Alexandria, VA 22304: Gordon White.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3202; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Theodore Agres, George Archibald, Chris Baker, Sharon Behn, 
Christina Bellantoni, Thomas Carter, Gus Constantine, Joseph Curl, Brian 
DeBose, Stephen Dinan, Julia Duin, Amy Fagan, Ann Geracimos, William Gertz, 
William Glanz, Ralph Hallow, Jennifer Harper, Marguerite Higgins, Patrice 
Hill, Audrey Hudson, Charles Hurt, David Jones, Nicholas Kralev, James 
Lakely, Donald Lambro, Stephanie Mansfield, John McCaslin, Steven Miller, 
Ximens Ortiz, Wesley Pruden, Thomas Ramstack, William Sammon, David Sands, 
Rowan Scarborough, Jerry Seper, Patti Shea, Jeffrey Sparshott, M. Maria 
Stainer, Guy Taylor, Jon Ward, Cheryl Wetzstein, Willis Witter.

WASHINGTONPOST.COM--(703) 469-3162; 1515 N. Courthouse Road, Arlington, VA 
22201: Brian Krebs, Robert MacMillan, Ann Marchand, David McGuire, John 
Nichols, Amanda Zamora.

WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES--(202) 662-7085; 1001 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Marc Heller.

WESTDEUTSCHE ALLGEMEINE--(202) 363-7791; 4611 47th Street, Washington, DC 
20016: Markus Gunther.

WICHITA EAGLE--(202) 383-6055; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Alan Bjerga.

WILLIAM SCALLY REPORTS--(202) 362-2382; 2918 Legation Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20015: William Scally.

WINSTON-SALEM JOURNAL--(202) 662-7672; 1214 National Press Club, 
Washington, DC 20045: Mary Shaffrey.

WORLD JOURNAL--(202) 215-1710; 835 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Betty Lin.

WORLDNETDAILY.COM--(703) 815-0685; 8665 Sudley Road, Suite 605, Manasses, 
VA 20110: Joseph Farah, Paul Sperry,

YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-0363; 802 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Eiji Hirose, Takao Hishinuma, Toshiyuki Ito, Lesley McKenzie, 
Takashi Sadahiro, Kyoichi Sasazawa, Al Schleicher, Masaomi Terada, Mineko 
Tokito, Linda Yun, Kasper Zeuthen.

YONHAP NEWS AGENCY--(202) 783-5539; 1299 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dae Young Kim, Dong Young Yun.


