

Congressional Directory for the 114th Congress (2015-2016), February 2016. - 


Congressional Directory for the 114th Congress (2015-2016), February 2016.
[Pages 461-467]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE HOUSE

                          OFFICE OF THE SPEAKER

             H-232 The Capitol, phone 225-0600, fax 225-5117

Speaker of the House of Representatives.--Paul D. Ryan.
    Chief of Staff.--David Hoppe.
        Deputy Chief of Staff.--Joyce Meyer.
    Director of Administration.--Kristene Blake.
    Director of Scheduling.--Maureen Mitchell.
        Deputy Directory of Scheduling.--Tory Wickiser.
        Special Assistant to the Speaker.--Ben Jordon.
    Director of House Operations.--Kelly Craven.
    Press Secretaries: Doug Andres, AshLee Strong.
        Deputy Press Secretary.--Molly Edwards.
    Director of Media Affairs.--Sarah Swinehart.
    Communications Director.--Mike Ricci.
        Deputy Communications Director.--Julia Slingsby.
    Chief Communications Advisor.--Brendan Buck.
    Senior Communications Advisor.--Vanessa Day.
    Communications Advisor.--Michael Shapiro.
    Digital Communications Director.--Caleb Smith.
    Director of Special Events and Protocol.--Seton Easby-Smith.
    Special Events Staff Assistant.--Carah Goldoust.
    Member Services Coordinator.--Tom Andrews.
    Director Information Technology.--Billy Benjamin.
    Systems Administrator.--Mike Sager.
    General Counsel.--Mark Epley.
    Floor Director.--Anne Bradbury.
        Deputy Floor Director.--Lydia Strunk.
    Floor Operations Counsel.--Nicole Foltz.
    Floor Assistants: Alex Becker, Sarah Coyle, Annie Minkler.
    Policy Director.--Austin Smythe.
    Cloakroom Director.--Jared Eichhron.
    Assistants to the Speaker for Policy: Maryam Brown, Jonathan Burks, 
        George Callas, Cindy Herrle, Casey Higgins, Matt Hoffman, Ted 
        McCann.
    Director of Speechwriting.--Brian Bolduc.
    Senior Advisor.--Andy Speth.
    Senior Staff Assistant.--Chris Marroletti.
    Staff Assistants: Rebekah Geffert, David Planning, Katie Pointer.

                      OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY LEADER

             H-107 The Capitol, phone 225-4000, fax 225-0781

Majority Leader.--Kevin McCarthy.
    Chief of Staff.--Tim Berry.
    Deputy Chief of Staff and Counsel.--James Min.
    Deputy Chief of Staff for Floor and Member Services.--John 
        Stipicevic.
    Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy.--Barrett Karr.
    Director of Communications.--Mike Long.
    Director of:
        External Affairs.--Danielle Burr.
        Floor Operations.--Ben Howard.
        Legislative Operations.--Kelly Dixon.

[[Page 462]]

        Member Services.--Natalie Buchanan.
        Oversight.--Rob Borden.
    Senior Policy Advisors:  Jeff Dressler, Roger Mahan, Wes McClelland, 
        Emily Murry.
    Senior Advisor.--Matt Lira.
    Executive Assistant.--Kristin Stipicevic.
    Press Secretary.--Matt Sparks.
    Floor Assistant.--John Leganski.
    Digital Coordinator.--Tess Glancey.
    External Affairs and Member Services Coordinator.--Brittany Carey.
    Communication Aide and Speechwriter.--Alec Torres.
    Special Assistant.--Lawson Kluttz.
    Staff Assistants: Chris Bien, Alex Gourdikian.

                       OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY WHIP

                    H-329 The Capitol, phone 225-0197

Majority Whip.--Steve Scalise.
    Chief of Staff.--Brett Horton.
    Chief Deputy Whip.--Patrick T. McHenry.
    Chief of Staff to the Chief Deputy Whip.--Parker Poling.
    Special Assistant to the Chief Deputy Whip.--Tanner Black.
    Floor Director.--Matt Bravo.
    Business Coalitions Coordinator.--Kelley Hudak.
    Conservative Coalitions Coordinator.--Laura Trueman.
    Policy Director.--Bill Hughes.
    Legislative Counsel.--Marty Reiser.
    Communications Director.--Chris Bond.
    Member Services Director.--Eric Zulkosky.
    Policy Advisors: Dan Sadlosky, Laura Trueman.
    Scheduler.--Megan Becker.
    Deputy Communications Director.--TJ Tatum.
    Floor Assistant.--Chris Hodgson.
    Assistant to the Chief of Staff.--Andrew Cavazos.
    Director of Operations.--Bart Reising.
    Staff Assistants: Conner Brace, John Woodard.
    Special Assistant.--Brendan DeLuke.
    Floor Assistant.--Ben Napier.

                     OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER

             H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100, fax 225-4188

                        www.democraticleader.gov

Office of the Democratic Leader.--Hon. Nancy Pelosi.
    Chief of Staff.--Nadeam Elshami, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Assistant to the Chief of Staff.--Ethan McClelland, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Chief of Staff (CA08 Office).--Robert Edmonson, 235 CHOB, 225-4965.
    Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Diane Dewhirst, George Kundanis, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Advisor.--Michael Bloom, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Counsel to the Democratic Leader.--Bernie Raimo, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Special Assistants to the Democratic Leader: Emily Berret, Kate 
        Knudson, Bina Surgeon, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Staff Assistant.--Amy Williams-Navarro, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    Co-Directors of Correspondence: Robyn Lea, David Silverman, 421 
        Cannon, 225-0100.
    Director of Scheduling.--Kelsey Smith, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Devan Cayea, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Policy Director.--Dick Meltzer, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Policy Advisor.--Michael Tecklenburg, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Kenneth DeGraff, Wyndee Parker, Wendell 
        Primus, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Advance Policy and Communications: Margaret Capron, H-204, 
        The Capitol.
    Senior Advance and Director of Member Service.--Jaime Lizarraga, H-
        204, The Capitol, 225-0100.

[[Page 463]]

    Senior Advisor for Member Services.--Michael Long, H-204, The 
        Capitol.
    Member Services Associate.--Emma Kaplan, H-204.
    Director of Protocol and Special Events.--Kate Knudson, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Speechwriting.--Henry Connely, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    Deputy Speechwriter.--Malaika Robinson, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    IT Director.--Wil Haynes, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy IT Director.--Kamilah Keita, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Advance.--Kelsey Smith, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Advance Associate.--Sinead Doherty.
    Director of Outreach.--Reva Price, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S PRESS OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Communications Director and Senior Advisor.--Drew Hammill.
    Deputy Communications Director and Press Secretary.--Evangeline 
        George.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Jorge Aguilar.
    Press Advisor.--Stephanie Cherry.
    Research Director.--April Greener.
    Director of New Media.--Kat Skiles.
    Senior Press Assistant.--Ned Adriance.
    Press Assistant.--Taylor Griffin.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S FLOOR OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Director of Floor Operations.--Jerry Hartz.

                      OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC WHIP

             H-148 The Capitol, phone 225-3130, fax 226-0663

Democratic Whip.--Steny H. Hoyer.
    Chief of Staff.--Alexis Covey-Brandt.
    Whip Director and Senior Advisor.--Brian Romick.
    Floor Director.--Shuwanza Goff.
    Floor Assistant.--Danielle Aviles.
    Director of Member Services.--Courtney Fry.
    Deputy Director of Member Services and Outreach Advisor.--Javier 
        Martinez.
    Communications Director.--Katie Grant.
    Press Secretary.--Mariel Saez.
    Press and Research Assistant.--Tara Vales.
    Speechwriter.--Adam Weissman.
    Policy Director.--Tom Mahr.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Keith Abouchar, James Leuschen, Char 
        MacDonald, Mary Frances Repko, Daniel Silverberg.
    Office Manager / Executive Assistant.--Lindsey Cobia.
    Director of Scheduling and Special Events.--Michelle Mittler.
    Special Assistant.--Ray Salazar.
    Digital Director and Policy Advisor.--Steve Dwyer.
    Staff Assistants: Joseph Cortina, Deborah Rowe.

                OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT DEMOCRATIC LEADER

                     132 The Capitol, phone 226-3210

               http://assistantdemocraticleader.house.gov

Assistant Democratic Leader.--James E. Clyburn.
    Chief of Staff.--Yelberton R. Watkins.
    Director of Policy.--Ashli Palmer.
    Communications Director.--Patrick Devlin.
    Senior Advisor.--Amy Miller Pfeiffer.
    Legislative Assistant.--Matthew Ellison.
    Special Assistant to the Assistant Democratic Leader.--Tamika Day.


[[Page 464]]



                           OFFICE OF THE CLERK

                    H-154 The Capitol, phone 225-7000

    KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the House of Representatives; Karen Lehman 
Haas, a native of Catonsville, MD, was sworn in as Clerk of the House of 
Representatives on January 5, 2011. She is the 34th individual to serve 
as Clerk. This is Ms. Haas' second occupancy of this position--in 2005, 
Speaker J. Dennis Hastert appointed Ms. Haas as Clerk of the U.S. House 
of Representatives. As Clerk, Ms. Haas plays a central role in the daily 
operations and legislative activities of the House. Ms. Haas began her 
service on Capitol Hill in 1984, when she worked for then-Minority 
Leader Robert H. Michel. For nearly 11 years, she served as his 
Executive Legislative Assistant. Following a brief leave to work in the 
private sector, Ms. Haas returned to Capitol Hill in June 1999 to serve 
as Floor Assistant to Speaker Hastert. Following her first term as 
Clerk, she served as Staff Director of the House Republican Conference 
and Minority Staff Director for the House Small Business Committee. Ms. 
Haas attended public schools in Maryland and received a bachelor's 
degree from the University of Maryland, College Park, with a major in 
political science and a minor in economics.

Clerk.--Karen L. Haas.
    Deputy Clerk.--Robert F. Reeves.
    Senior Advisor.--Marjorie ``Gigi'' Kelaher.
    Chief of:
        Legislative Computer Systems.--Scott Kim, 2401 RHOB, 225-1182.
        Legislative Operations.--Frances Chiappardi, HT-13, 225-7925.
        Legislative Resource Center.--Ronald Dale Thomas, 135 CHOB, 226-
            5200.
        Art and Archives.--Farar Elliott, 5140 OFOB, 226-1300.
        Communications.--Catherine Cooke, 5120 OFOB, 225-1908.
        House Employment Counsel.--Gloria Lett, 4300 OFOB, 225-7075.
    Official Reporter.--Melinda Walker, HT-59, The Capitol, 225-5621.

                      CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

                    HB-26 The Capitol, phone 225-5555

    WILL PLASTER, Chief Administrative Officer of the House of 
Representatives, native of Alexandria, VA.

Chief Administrative Officer.--Will Plaster.
    Chief Financial Officer.--Traci Beaubian, 3140, OFB.
    Chief Human Resources Officer.--Darnell Lee (acting), H2-102, FHOB.
    Chief Information Officer.--Catherine Szpindor, H2-631, FHOB.
    Chief Logistics Officer.--Tom Coyne, WA-34, RHOB.
    Chief Procurement Officer.--Lisa Grant, 5110, OFB.
    Administrative Counsel.--Christopher Brewster, H2-217, FHOB.
    Director of Communications.--Dan Weiser, H2-217, FHOB.
    Director of Internal Controls.--Konah Terry, H2-217, FHOB.

                                CHAPLAIN

             HB-25 The Capitol, phone 225-2509, fax 226-4928

    PATRICK J. CONROY, S.J., Chaplain, House of Representatives, 
residence, Portland, OR; a Jesuit of the Oregon Province of the Society 
of Jesus, graduated from Claremont McKenna College in CA in 1972, 
attended Gonzaga University Law School for one year before entering the 
Jesuit Order in 1973. Earned an M.A. in philosophy from Gonzaga 
University, a J.D. from St. Louis University, an M.Div. from the Jesuit 
School of Theology at Berkeley (CA), and an STM from Regis College of 
the University of Toronto in missiology. Practiced law for the Colville 
Confederated Tribes in Omak, WA and the U.S. Conference of Catholic 
Bishops representing Salvadoran refugees in San Francisco. Ordained a 
priest in 1983. From 1984 to 1989, pastored four villages on the 
Colville and Spokane Indian Reservations. Worked for the national Jesuit 
Office of Social Ministries in Washington, DC, then began a career of 
university chaplaincy at Georgetown University and Seattle University. 
In 2003 transferred

[[Page 465]]

to Jesuit High School in Portland, OR, to teach freshman theology and 
coach the mighty JV II girls' softball team. Also served as the Oregon 
Province's Provincial Assistant for Formation and as superior of the 
Jesuit community at Jesuit High School in Portland. Sworn in as 60th 
House Chaplain on May 25, 2011.

Chaplain of the House.--Patrick J. Conroy, S.J.
    Assistant to the Chaplain.--Elisa Aglieco.
    Liaison to Staff.--Karen Bronson.

                      OFFICE OF THE HOUSE HISTORIAN

              5150 O'Neill Office Building, phone 226-5525

    http://history.house.gov; history@mail.house.gov; @UShousehistory

House Historian.--Matthew Wasniewski.
    Associate Historian.--Ken Kato.
    Director--Office of House Historian Staff.--Erin M. Hromada.
    Manager of Oral History.--Kathleen Johnson.

                  OFFICE OF INTERPARLIAMENTARY AFFAIRS

                      HC-4 Capitol, phone 226-1766

Director.--Janice Robinson.
    Assistant Director.--Michael Smith.

                       HOUSE INFORMATION RESOURCES

                         H2-631, phone: 226-9788

Deputy CIO (Chief Information Officer) for the House of 
    Representatives.--Catherine Szpindor.

                      OFFICE OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN

                    H-166 The Capitol, phone 225-5421

          (After office hours, call Capitol Operator 224-2145)

Attending Physician.--Dr. Brian P. Monahan.
    Chief of Staff.--Keith Pray.

                       OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

            H2-386 Ford House Office Building, phone 226-1250

Inspector General.--Theresa M. Grafenstine.
    Deputy Inspector Generals: Debbie B. Hunter, Michael T. Ptasienski.
    Director of Support Services.--Terry Upshur.
    Assistant Director of:
        Finance and Administration.--Susan Kozubski.
        Quality Assurance and Contract Services.--Steven Johnson.
    Administrative Assistant.--Deborah E. Jones.
    Director, Performance and Financial Audits and Investigative 
        Services.--Susan Simpson.
    Assistant Director of Financial Audits and Investigative Services.--
        Julie Poole.
    Auditors: Ronnette Bailey, Nicole Loutsenhizer, Alexander Stewart.
    Director, Information Systems Audit.--David Cole.
    Assistant Director, Information Systems Audit.--Michael Howard, 
        Clifton Persaud.
    Auditors: Emmanuel Akowuah, Keith Sullenberger.
    Director, Management and Advisory Services.--Joseph C. Picolla.
    Assistant Directors: Gregory Roberts, Donna Wolfgang.
    Management Analysts: Kevin Cornell, Saad Patel.


[[Page 466]]



                   OFFICE OF THE LAW REVISION COUNSEL

 H2-308 Ford House Office Building, 20515-6711, phone 226-2411, fax 225-
                                  0010

Law Revision Counsel.--Ralph V. Seep.
    Deputy Counsel.--Robert M. Sukol.
    Senior Counsels: Kenneth I. Paretzky, Timothy D. Trushel.
    Assistant Counsels: Joseph Cohen, Michelle Evans, Katrina M. Hall, 
        Katherine L. Lane, Brian Lindsey, Edward T. Mulligan, Michele K. 
        Skarvelis, Lindsey Skouras, John F. Wagner, Jr.
    Staff Assistants: Sylvia Tahirkheli, Monica Thompson.
    Printing Editors: Robert E. Belcher, James Cahill.
    Senior Systems Engineer.--Eric Loach.
    Systems Engineer.--Ken Thomas.

                    OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

            H2-337 Ford House Office Building, phone 225-6060

Legislative Counsel.--Sandra L. Strokoff.
    Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Edward G. Grossman.
    Senior Counsels: Wade Ballou, Douglass Bellis, Timothy Brown, Paul 
        Callen, Sherry Chriss, Susan Fleishman, Rosemary Gallagher, 
        James Grossman, Curt Haensel, Jean Harmann, Gregory M. Kostka, 
        Hank Savage, Mark Synnes, Robert Weinhagen, Noah Wofsy.
    Assistant Counsels: Karen Anderson, Marshall Barksdale, Hallet 
        Brazelton, Warren Burke, Thomas Cassidy, Megan Chasnoff, Henry 
        Christrup, Kenneth Cox, Jesse Cross, Lisa Daly, Thomas Dillon, 
        Mathew Eckstein, Brendan Gallagher, Lucy Wolfe Goss, Ryan 
        Greenlaw, Justin Gross, Alison Hartwich, Fiona Heckscher, Kakuti 
        Lin, Christopher Osborne, Scott Probst, Hadley Ross, Anthony 
        Sciascia, Jessica Shapiro, Anna Shpak, Veena Srinivasa, Kathryn 
        Swiss, Michelle Vanek, Sally Walker, Brady Young.
    Office Administrator.--Nancy McNeillie.
    Assistant Office Administrator.--Debra Birch.
    Director, Information Systems.--Willie Blount.
    Senior Systems Analyst.--Peter Szwec.
    Systems Administrator.--David Topper.
    Publications Coordinator.--Craig Sterkx.
    Paralegal.--Kristen Amarosa.
    Staff Assistants / Paralegals: Elonda Blount, Kelly Meryweather.
    Staff Assistants: Ashley Anderson, Joseph Birch, Tomas Contreras, 
        Miekl Joyner, Matthew Loggie, Tom Meryweather, Angelina Patton.

                      OFFICE OF THE PARLIAMENTARIAN

                    H-209 The Capitol, phone 225-7373

Parliamentarian.--Thomas J. Wickham, Jr.
    Deputy Parliamentarian.--Ethan B. Lauer.
        Assistant Parliamentarians: Anne D. Gooch, Kyle T. Jones, Jason 
            A. Smith.
        Clerk to the Parliamentarian.--Brian C. Cooper.
            Assistant Clerks to the Parliamentarian: Kristen B. Donahue, 
                Lloyd A. Jenkins.
    Precedent Consultant.--Charles W. Johnson III.
    Precedent Editors: Catherine A. Moran, Andrew S. Neal, Max A. 
        Spitzer.
    Information Technology Manager.--Bryan J. Feldblum.

                     OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

                    H-124 The Capitol, phone 225-2456

    PAUL D. IRVING, Sergeant at Arms of the U.S. House of 
Representatives; born August 21, 1957 in Tampa, FL; B.S., Justice, 
American University; J.D., Whittier Law School; career record: clerk, 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office, 1980; special 
agent, U.S. Secret Service, Los Angeles Field Office, 1983; Assistant 
Director for Government and Public Affairs, 2002; elected 36th Sergeant 
at Arms of the U.S. House of Representatives on January 17, 2012 for the 
112th Congress.

Sergeant at Arms.--Paul D. Irving.

[[Page 467]]

    Deputy Sergeant at Arms.--Tim Blodgett.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Administration.--Kathleen Joyce.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Protocol and Chamber Operations.--
            Ted Daniel.
        Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Floor Security: Joyce 
            Hamlett, Rick Villa.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Emergency Management.--Bob Dohr.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Interoffice Coordination.--Curt 
            Coughlin.
    Chief Information Officer.--Jim Kaelin.
    Directors:
        Division of Garage and Parking Security.--Dorian Coward.
        Division of House Security.--William McFarland.
        Identification Services.--Jack Looney.
    Managers:
        Appointments Desk.--Teresa Johnson.
        Chamber Support Services.--Andrew Burns.
    Senior Advisor for Police Services / Law Enforcement.--Larry 
        Thompson.
    Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms, Operations.--Stefan J. Bieret.
    Staff Assistant.--KaSandra Greenhow.


