

Congressional Directory for the 114th Congress (2015-2016), February 2016. - 


Congressional Directory for the 114th Congress (2015-2016), February 2016.
[Pages 619-656]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

              The Pentagon 20301-1155, phone (703) 545-6700

            fax 695-3362/693-2161, http://www.defenselink.mil

    ASHTON B. CARTER, Secretary of Defense; born in Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania, September 24, 1954; education: earned his bachelor's 
degrees in physics and in medieval history, summa cum laude, at Yale 
University, where he was also awarded Phi Beta Kappa; received his 
doctorate in theoretical physics from Oxford University, where he was a 
Rhodes Scholar. He was a physics instructor at Oxford, a postdoctoral 
fellow at Rockefeller University and the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, and an experimental research associate at Brookhaven and 
Fermilab National Laboratories. From 1993-1996, Secretary Carter served 
as Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy, 
responsible for--among other issues--strategic affairs, nuclear weapons 
policy, and the Nunn-Lugar program that removed nuclear weapons from 
Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Belarus. Secretary Carter also served on the 
Defense Policy Board, the Defense Science Board, and the Secretary of 
State's International Security Advisory Board. From 2009 to 2011, he was 
Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics 
with responsibility for DoD's procurement reform and innovation agenda 
and successful completion of key procurements like the KC-46 tanker. In 
this capacity, Secretary Carter also led the development and production 
of thousands of mine-resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles and 
other rapid acquisitions that saved countless service members' lives. 
Determined to get the most for both the warfighters and the taxpayer, 
Secretary Carter instituted ``Better Buying Power'' for the first time 
guiding the department acquisition workforce to smarter and leaner 
purchasing. Secretary Carter was Deputy Secretary of Defense from 2011 
to 2013, serving as DoD's chief operating officer, overseeing the 
department's annual budget and its over three million civilian and 
military personnel, steering strategy and budget through the turmoil of 
sequester and ensuring the future of the force and institutional best 
practices. Outside of his government service, Secretary Carter was most 
recently a distinguished visiting fellow at Stanford University's Hoover 
Institution and a lecturer at Stanford's Freeman Spogli Institute for 
International Studies. He also was a Senior Executive at the Markle 
Foundation, helping its Economic Future Initiative advance technology 
strategies to enable Americans to flourish in a networked global 
economy. Previously, Secretary Carter served as a Senior Partner of 
Global Technology Partners focused on advising major investment firms in 
technology, and an advisor on global affairs to Goldman Sachs. At 
Harvard's Kennedy School, he was Professor of Science and International 
Affairs and Chair of the International and Global Affairs faculty. He 
served on the boards of the MITRE Corporation, Mitretek Systems, and 
Lincoln Laboratories at M.I.T. and as a member of the Draper Laboratory 
Corporation. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and 
Sciences and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the 
Aspen Strategy Group. For his government service, Secretary Carter has 
been awarded the Department of Defense Distinguished Service Medal, 
DoD's highest, on five separate occasions. He received the Defense 
Intelligence Medal for his contributions to intelligence and the Joint 
Distinguished Service Medal from the Chairman and Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
Secretary Carter is author or co-author of 11 books and more than 100 
articles on physics, technology, national security, and management. He 
is married to Stephanie Carter and has two grown children; nominated by 
President Barack Obama to become the 25th Secretary of Defense, and was 
confirmed by the U.S. Senate on February 12, 2015.

                         OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

              1000 Defense Pentagon, Room 3E880, 20301-1000

                phone (703) 692-7100, fax (703) 571-8951

Secretary of Defense.--Ashton B. Carter.


[[Page 620]]



                     OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY SECRETARY

   1010 Defense Pentagon, Room 3E944, 20301-1010, phone (703) 692-7150

Deputy Secretary of Defense.--Robert O. Work.

                          EXECUTIVE SECRETARIAT

  Pentagon, Room 3E880, 20301-1000, phone (703) 692-7120, fax 571-8951

Executive Secretary.--Michael Bruhn.

                             GENERAL COUNSEL

  Pentagon, Room 3E788, 20301-1600, phone (703) 695-3341, fax 693-7278

General Counsel.--Stephen W. Preston.
    Principal Deputy.--Robert S. Taylor.

                     OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION

  Pentagon, Room 3E1088, 20301-1700, phone (703) 697-3655, fax 614-9103

Director.--Dr. J. Michael Gilmore.

                            INSPECTOR GENERAL

     4800 Mark Center Drive, Suite 15G27, Alexandria, VA 22350-1500

                   phone (703) 604-8300, fax 604-8310

           hotline 1-800-424-9098, hotline fax (703) 604-8567

Inspector General.--Jon T. Rymer.
    Principal Deputy Inspector General.--Vacant.

               UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION,

                        TECHNOLOGY AND LOGISTICS

               Pentagon, Room 3E1010, phone (703) 697-7021

Under Secretary.--Frank Kendall.
    Principal Deputy Under Secretary.--Alan Estevez.
    Assistant Secretary for--
        Acquisition.--Katrina McFarland.
        Logistics and Materiel Readiness.--David Berteau.
        Energy, Installations and Environment.--John Conger (acting).
        Research and Engineering.--Alan Shaffer (acting).
        Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs.--Tom Hopkins 
            (acting).
    Deputy Assistant Secretary for Manufacturing and Industrial Base 
        Policy.--Andre Gudger (acting).
    Director, Office of Small Business Programs.--Kenyata Wesley.

                   JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM OFFICE

       200 12th Street South, Suite 600, Arlington, VA 22202-5402,

                          phone (703) 602-7640

Program Executive Officer.--Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan.

              UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMPTROLLER) AND

                         CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

         Pentagon, Room 3E770, 20301-1100, phone (703) 695-3237

Under Secretary / Chief Financial Officer.--Michael J. McCord.
    Principal Deputy Under Secretary.--John P. Roth (acting).


[[Page 621]]



         UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READINESS

         Pentagon, Room 3E986, 20301-4000, phone (703) 695-5254

Under Secretary.--Brad Carson (acting).
    Principal Deputy Under Secretary.--Dr. Laura J. Junor.
    Military Deputy.--Lt. Gen. Michael S. Linnington.
    Assistant Secretary for--
        Health Affairs.--Dr. Jonathan Woodson, 697-2111.
        Readiness and Force Management.--Stephanie A. Barner (703) 614-
            3240.
        Reserve Affairs (Principal Deputy).--Richard Wightman, 697-6631.

                  UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR POLICY

         Pentagon, Room 3E806, 20301-2000, phone (703) 697-7200

Under Secretary.--Hon. Christine E. Wormuth.
    Principal Deputy Under Secretary.--Hon. Brian P. McKeon.
        Assistant Secretary of Defense for--
            Asian and Pacific Security Affairs.--Hon. David Shear.
            Homeland Defense and Global Security.--Eric Rosenbach.
            International Security Affairs.--Elissa Slotkin (acting).
            Special Operations / Low-Intensity Conflict and 
                Interdependent Capabilities.--Hon. 
                Michael Lumpkin.
            Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities.--Hon. Robert Scher.

        DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER (DoD CIO)

         Pentagon, Room 3E1030, 20301-6000, phone (703) 695-0348

DoD CIO.--Terry A. Halvorsen.
    Principal Deputy DoD CIO.--David L. DeVries (acting).

               ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

  Pentagon, Room 3E970, 20301-1300, phone (703) 697-6210, fax 695-5860

Assistant Secretary.--Vacant.
    Principal Deputy.--Stephen Hedger.
    Deputy Assistant (Senate Affairs).--Michael Stella.

              ASSISTANT TO THE SECRETARY FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS

  Pentagon, Room 2E964, 20301-1400, phone (703) 697-9312, fax 695-4299 
                       public inquiries, 571-3343

Assistant to the Secretary.--Brent Colburn.
    Principal Deputy.--Bryan G. Whitman.

              OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER

  Pentagon, Room 3E146, 20301-9010, phone (703) 614-8888, fax 695-5395

Deputy Chief Management Officer.--Vacant.
    Assistant Deputy Chief Management Officer.--David Tillotson III.

                 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FIELD ACTIVITIES

                         DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY

           6700 Taylor Avenue, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755

                phone (301) 222-6700, http://www.dma.mil/

Director.--Ray B. Shepherd.
    Deputy Director.--Col. Andrew Mutter, USA.


[[Page 622]]



                DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY

            4800 Mark Center Drive, Arlington, VA 22350-1400

                    School Information (571) 372-0610

Director.--Thomas M. Brady, 372-0590.
    Principal Deputy Director and Associate Director for Education.--
        Adrian Talley, 372-5832.
    Associate Director for Finance and Business Operations.--Robert 
        Brady, 372-1901.
    General Counsel.--Edwin Daniel, 372-0976.

             DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY

    4800 Mark Center Drive, Suite 06J25-01, Alexandria, VA 22350-4000

Director.--Pamela S. Mitchell.
    Deputy Director.--Jeffrey Register.
    Executive Assistant.--Michelle Watson.

                      OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT

2231 Crystal Drive, Suite 520, Arlington, VA 22202, phone (703) 697-2130

Director.--Patrick J. O'Brien.
    Deputy Director.--Ronald Adkins, 697-2206.
    Sacramento Western Regional Office Director.--Gary Kuwabara (916) 
        557-7365.

                    WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES

                     Pentagon, phone (703) 693-7906

Director.--Patricia M. Young.
    Deputy Director.--Vacant.
    Director for--
        Acquisition Directorate.--Tim Applegate (acting), (703) 545-
            0423.
        Enterprise Information Technology Services Directorate.--
            Lytwaive Hutchinson (703) 
            695-2865.
        Enterprise Management.--Sajeel Ahmed, 693-7995.
        Executive Services.--Darren Irvine (acting), 693-7965.
        Financial Management.--Marcia Case, 545-0019.
        Human Resources Directorate.--Susan Yarwood (571) 256-4504.
        OSD Chief Information Office.--Lytwaive Hutchinson, 695-2865.
        Raven Rock Mountain Complex.--Col. Ramona Plemmons (717) 878-
            3343.
        WHS General Counsel.--John Albanese (acting), 693-7374.

                          JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF

                         OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN

         Pentagon, Room 2E872, 20318-0001, phone (703) 697-9121

Chairman.--GEN Martin E. Dempsey, USA.
    Vice Chairman.--ADM James A. Winnefeld, USN, room 2E724, 614-8949.
    Assistant to the Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff.--VADM Kurt W. 
            Tidd, USN, room 2E868, 695-4605.

                               JOINT STAFF

Director.--Lt. Gen. David L. Goldfein, USAF, room 2E936, 614-5221.
    Vice Director.--Maj. Gen. Jacqueline Van Ovost, USAF, room 2E936, 
        614-5223.
    Director for--
        Manpower and Personnel, J-1.--BG Margaret W. Burcham, USA, room 
            1E948, 697-6098.
        Joint Staff Intelligence, J-2.--RADM Paul Becker, USN, room 
            1E880, 697-9773.
        Operations, J-3.--LTG William C. Mayville, USA, room 2D874, 697-
            3702.
        Logistics, J-4.--Lt. Gen. Robert R. Ruark, USMC, room 2E828, 
            697-7000.
        Strategic Plans and Policy, J-5.--VADM Frank C. Pandolfe, USN, 
            room 2E996, 695-5618.

[[Page 623]]

        Command, Control, Communications and Computer Systems, J-6.--LTG 
            Mark S. Bowman, USA, room 2D860, 695-6478.
        Operational Plans and Joint Force Development, J-7.--Lt. Gen. 
            Thomas D. Waldhauser, USMC, room 2B865, 697-9031.
        Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment, J-8.--Lt. Gen. Mark 
            F. Ramsay, USAF, room 1E962, 697-8853.

                            DEFENSE AGENCIES

                         MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY

              5700 18th Street, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5573

Director.--VADM James D. Syring, USN (571) 231-8006.
    Deputy Director.--Brig. Gen. Kenneth E. Todorov, USAF, 231-8055.
    Director, Public Affairs.--Richard Lehner, 231-8212.
    Director, Legislative Affairs.--Kimo Hollingsworth, 231-8105.

                DEFENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY

             675 North Randolph Street, Arlington, VA 22203

Director.--Dr. Arati Prabhakar, 696-2400.
    Deputy Director.--Dr. Steve Walker, 696-2402.

                        DEFENSE COMMISSARY AGENCY

   1300 E Avenue, Fort Lee, VA 23801-1800, phone (804) 734-8720 / 8330

Director.--Joseph H. Jeu, 734-8720.
    Chief Operating Officer.--Michael J. Dowling, 734-8330.

                            WASHINGTON OFFICE

 4100 Defense Pentagon, Room 5D636, 20301-4100, phone (703) 571-7186 / 
                                  7184

Chief.--Thomas Owens.

                      DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY

      8725 John J. Kingman Road, Suite 2135, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060

                          phone (703) 767-3200

Director.--Patrick J. Fitzgerald, 767-3200.
    Deputy Director.--Anita F. Bales.

                 DEFENSE FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICE

           8899 East 56th Street, Indianapolis, IN 46249-0100

                          phone (317) 212-0714

Director.--Teresa A. McKay.
    Principal Deputy Director.--Audrey Y. Davis.

                          DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY

 7700 Arlington Boulevard, Falls Church, VA 22042-5101, phone (703) 681-
                                  8707

Director.--Lt. Gen. Douglas J. Robb, DO, MPH.
    Deputy Director.--Paul J. Hutter (acting).

                   DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY

       P.O. Box 549, Command Building, Fort Meade, Maryland 20755

Director.--Lt. Gen. Ronnie D. Hawkins, USAF (301) 225-6001.

[[Page 624]]

    Vice Director.--MG Alan R. Lynn, USA, 225-6010.
    Chief of Staff.--COL Mark E. Rosenstein, USA, 225-6020.

                       DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

    200 MacDill Boulevard, Washington, DC 20340, phone (202) 231-0800

Director.--Lt. Gen. Vincent R. Stewart, USMC.
    Deputy Director.--Douglas H. Wise.

                      DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY

  Pentagon, Room 3E788, 20301-1600, phone (703) 695-3341, fax 693-7278

Director / General Counsel.--Robert S. Taylor (acting).
    Principal Deputy Director.--Robert S. Taylor, 697-7248.

                        DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY

      8725 John J. Kingman Road, Suite 2533, Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060

                          phone (703) 767-5264

Director.--Lt. Gen. Andrew E. Busch, USAF.
    Vice Director.--Edward J. Case.

                   DEFENSE POW / MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY

            2300 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-2300

                   phone (703) 699-1102, fax 602-1890

Director.--RADM Michael Franken, USN.

                   DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY

201 12th Street South, Suite 203, Arlington, VA 22202-5408, phone (703) 
                                604-6605

Director.--VADM Joseph W. Rixey, 604-6604.
    Deputy Director.--Jennifer N. Zakriski, 604-6606.

                        DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE

     27130 Telegraph Road, Quantico, VA 22134, phone (703) 617-2352

Director.--Stanley L. Sims.

                     DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY

    8725 John J. Kingman Road, Stop 6201, Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060-6201

                          phone (703) 767-7594

Director.--Kenneth A. Myers III.
    Deputy Director.--Maj. Gen. John P. Horner, USAF.
    Chief, Governmental and Public Affairs.--Chris Geeslin.

                 NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

     7500 GEOINT Drive, Springfield, VA 22150, phone (571) 557-7300

Director.--Robert Cardillo.
    Deputy Director.--Susan Gordon.

           NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY / CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE

           Ft. George G. Meade, MD 20755, phone (301) 688-6524

Director, NSA / Chief, CSS.--ADM Michael S. Rogers, USN.

[[Page 625]]

    Deputy Director, NSA.--Richard H. Ledgett, Jr.
    Deputy Chief, CSS.--Brig. Gen. John Bansemer, USAF.

                          JOINT SERVICE SCHOOLS

     9820 Belvoir Road, Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060, phone (800) 845-7606

                     DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY

President.--James P. Woolsey (703) 805-3360.
    Vice President.--Roy L. Wood (acting), 805-2828.
    Chief of Staff.--Joseph E. Johnson, 805-2828.

                    NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE UNIVERSITY

President.--David R. Ellison (202) 231-3344.

                       NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY

            Fort McNair, Building 62, 300 Fifth Avenue, 20319

                          phone (202) 685-3912

President.--Maj. Gen. Frederick Padilla, USMC, Building 62, room 307, 
    685-3936.
    Senior Vice President.--Amb. Wanda Nesbitt, Building 62, room 307A, 
        685-3923.
    Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs.--Dr. John Yaeger, 
        Building 62, room 309C, 685-0080.

                     CAPSTONE / PINNACLE / KEYSTONE

Director.--Dr. Ricky L. Waddell, Building 64, room 3510, 685-2330.

                COLLEGE OF INTERNATIONAL SECURITY AFFAIRS

Chancellor.--Dr. Michael Bell, Building 64, room 2102 (202) 685-7209.

                INFORMATION RESOURCES MANAGEMENT COLLEGE

Chancellor.--RADM Janice M. Hamby (Ret.), USN, Building 62, room 201G 
    (202) 685-3886.

                       JOINT FORCES STAFF COLLEGE

  7800 Hampton Boulevard, Norfolk, VA 23511-1702, phone (757) 443-6200

Commandant.--RADM John Smith, USN, room A202.

                          NATIONAL WAR COLLEGE

Commandant.--BG Tom Cosentino, USA, Building 61, room 124 (202) 685-
    4341.

            DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER SCHOOL FOR NATIONAL SECURITY

                          AND RESOURCE STRATEGY

Commandant.--Brig. Gen. Thomas A. Gorry, USMC, room 200 (202) 685-4337.

          UNIFORMED SERVICES UNIVERSITY OF THE HEALTH SCIENCES

               4301 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, MD 20814

President.--Charles L. Rice, M.D., room A1019 (301) 295-3013.

[[Page 627]]



                       DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

           Pentagon, 1670 Air Force, Washington, DC 20330-1670

                   phone (703) 697-7376, fax 695-8809

                       SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

Secretary of the Air Force.--Hon. Deborah Lee James, room 4E878.
    Confidential Assistant.--Rudy Sheffer.
    Senior Military Assistant.--Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith.
    Deputy Military Assistant.--Lt. Col. Michelle Carns.
    Military Aid.--Maj. Jason Bast.
    Executive Assistants: MSgt Samay Thaboun, TSgt Iris Moore.

                   SECAF / CSAF EXECUTIVE ACTION GROUP

Director.--Col. Randall Reed (703) 697-5540.
    Deputy Chief.--Karen Pound.

                    UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

 Pentagon, 1670 Air Force, Room 4E858, 20330-1670, phone (703) 697-1361

Under Secretary.--Vacant.
    Confidential Assistant.--Cathy Merritt.
    Senior Military Assistant.--Col. Andrew Gebara.
    Military Assistant.--Maj. Myron Chivis.
    Executive Assistants: MSgt Taisha Ross, TSgt Monieka Stewart.

                             CHIEF OF STAFF

               Pentagon, 1670 Air Force, Room 4E924, 20330

                          phone (703) 697-9225

Chief of Staff.--Gen. Mark A. Welsh III.
    Confidential Assistant.--Terri Stern.
    Special Assistant.--Jason Yaley, 5E980, 697-1930.
    Executive Officer.--Col. Heather Pringle.
    Vice Chief of Staff.--Gen. Larry Spencer, room 4E938, 695-7911.
    Assistant Vice Chief of Staff.--Lt. Gen. Stephen Hoog, room 4E944, 
        695-7913.
    Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force.--CMSAF James A. Cody, room 
        4E941, 695-0498.

            DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY FOR INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS

        Pentagon, 1080 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4E192, 20330-1080

Deputy Under Secretary.--Heidi H. Grant (703) 695-7262.
    Assistant Deputy.--Maj. Gen. Lawrence Martin, 695-7261.
    Executive Officers: Lt. Col. Paul Porter, 693-1941; Maj. Sarah 
        Santoro, 695-7261; Georgia Smothers, 695-7263.

        Pentagon, 1080 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4C253, 20330-1080

Director of Policy.--Anthony P. Reardon, (571) 256-7491.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. John Smith, 256-7494.
    Executive Assistant.--Michelle Polk, 256-7495.

        Pentagon, 1080 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4C947, 20330-1080

Director of Regional Affairs.--Brig. Gen. David Nahom (703) 695-2022.

[[Page 628]]

    Executive Officer.--Maj. Linda Thierauf, 695-2077.
    Executive Assistant.--Sanura Wade, 695-2080.

        Pentagon, 1080 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4C253, 20330-1080

Director of Strategy, Resources, and Integration.--Maj. Gen. Brian Neal 
    (ANG), (571) 256-9492.
    Executive Assistant.--Patricia Green, 256-9491.

                   ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ACQUISITION

                     Pentagon, 1060 Air Force, 20330

      1745 Jefferson Davis Highway, Suite 307, Arlington, VA 22202

         110 Luke Avenue, Suite 200, Bolling AFB, DC 20032-6400

Assistant Secretary.--Dr. William LaPlante (703) 697-6361.
    Senior Military Assistant.--Col. C.J. Johnson, 697-6990.
    Military Assistant.--Lt. Col. William L. Ottati, 697-6362.
Principal Deputy.--Richard Lombardi, 697-9373.
Military Deputy.--Lt. Gen. Ellen Pawlikowski, 697-6363.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Gerald Ferdinand, 695-7311.

         DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ACQUISITION INTEGRATION

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Bobby Smart (571) 256-0355.
    Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary.--John Miller, 256-0351.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. JJ McAfee, 256-0356.

               DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CONTRACTING

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Brig. Gen. Casey Blake (571) 256-2397.
    Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary.--John Lyle, 256-2397.
    Executive Officer.--Capt. Jason Holman, 256-2397.

   DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY AND ENGINEERING

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Dr. David Walker (571) 256-0303.
    Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Col. Charles Ormsby, 256-
        0303.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Brad Worden, 256-0294.

            CAPABILITY DIRECTORATE FOR GLOBAL POWER PROGRAMS

Director.--Maj. Gen. Timothy Ray (571) 256-0191.
    Deputy Director.--Col. Aaron Clark, 256-0192.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Yong Sim, 256-0196.

            CAPABILITY DIRECTORATE FOR GLOBAL REACH PROGRAMS

Director.--Maj. Gen. Dwyer Dennis (571) 256-0489.
    Deputy Director.--Col. Matthew Bonavita, 256-0497.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Jerry Litzo, 256-0522.

            CAPABILITY DIRECTORATE FOR INFORMATION DOMINANCE

Director.--Gail Forest (571) 256-0081.
    Deputy Director.--Col. Daniel Moy, 256-0082.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Greg Barber, 256-0083.

                CAPABILITY DIRECTORATE FOR SPACE PROGRAMS

Director.--Maj. Gen. Roger Teague (571) 695-3423.
    Deputy Director.--Col. Christopher Warack, 695-3499.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. AJ Ashby, 695-3435.


[[Page 629]]



                    DIRECTORATE FOR SPECIAL PROGRAMS

Director.--Col. Stephen Russell (571) 767-3890.
    Deputy Director.--Chris DiNenna, 256-0005.
    Executive Assistant.--Alesia Clark (202) 767-3890.

              DIRECTORATE FOR AIR FORCE RAPID CAPABILITIES

Director.--Randall Walden (202) 767-1800.
    Deputy and Technical Director.--Vacant.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Andrew MacDonald, 767-3203.

      ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND COMPTROLLER

                       OF THE AIR FORCE (SAF / FM)

              Pentagon, 1130 Air Force Pentagon, 20330-1130

             Air Force Cost Analysis Agency, Jones Building

     1500 West Perimeter Road, Joint Base Andrews-Naval Air Facility

                          Washington, MD 20762

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Lisa S. Disbrow, room 4E978 (703) 695-0829.
    Senior Military Assistant.--Lt. Col. Brian T. Kehl, 695-0829.
    Chief, Enlisted Matters.--CMSgt John A. Writer, 614-5429.

      PRINCIPAL DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT

Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Douglas M. Bennett (703) 697-
    4464.
    Military Assistant.--Maj. Stuart Churchill, 697-4464.

            DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR BUDGET (SAF / FMB)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Maj. Gen. James F. Martin, room 5D912 (703) 
    695-1876.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Monroe Neal, 695-1876.
    Deputy.--Caral Spangler, 697-1876.
    Director of:
        Budget and Appropriations Liaison.--Col. Sam Grable, room 5C949, 
            614-8114.
        Budget Investment.--Pamela Schwenke, room 5D912, 697-1220.
        Budget Operations and Personnel.--Col. James Peccia, room 5D912, 
            697-0627.
        Budget Programs.--Col. Michael Monson, room 5C950, 614-7883.

      DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR COST AND ECONOMICS (SAF / FMC)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Kathy L. Watern, room 5E975 (703) 697-5311.
    Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Grant McVicker, room 5E975, 
        697-5313.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Anthony Kimbrough, room 5E975, 697-
        5312.
    Technical Director for Cost and Economics.--Ranae Woods, suite 3500 
        (240) 612-5615.
    Director, Economics and Business Management.--Stephen M. Connair, 
        room 4C843 (703) 693-9347.
    Director, Cost Analysis Division.--Lt. Col. Anthony Smith, room 
        4C943, 697-0288.

     DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FINANCIAL OPERATIONS (SAF / FMF)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Thomas J. Murphy, room 5D739 (703) 614-
    4180.
    Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Stephen Herrera, 5D739, 614-
        4180.
    Chief Information Officer and Technology.--Vacant, 5D739, 614-5437.
    Military Assistant.--Lt. Col. Edward Marshall, 614-4180.
    Director for--
        Accounting Policy and Reporting.--Fred Carr, Andrews AFB, MD 
            (240) 612-5212.
        AF Financial Systems Organization.--Glena Gibson, Wright-
            Patterson AFB, OH (937) 257-2262.
        AFAFO.--Eric Cuebas, Denver, CO (720) 847-2200.

[[Page 630]]

        AF-IPPS.--Lt. Col. Daniel Huffman, Andrews AFB, MD (240) 612-
            5322.
        DEAMS.--Shirley Reed, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH (937) 656-8554.
        FIAR.--Lori Stacey, Andrews AFB, MD (240) 612-5281.
        Financial Services.--Gregory Wilson, Ellsworth AFB, SD (605) 
            385-8682.
        Information Systems and Technology.--John Koski, Andrews AFB, MD 
            (240) 612-5283.

           DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR PROGRAMS (SAF / FMP)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Brig. Gen. Edward A. Fienga, room 5E857 
    (703) 695-3695.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Clarence F. McRae, 695-3695.
    Deputy.--Judith B. Oliva, 695-3695.
    Director of:
        Program Integration.--Col. James Jacobson, room 5C950, 614-7977.
        Program Panel.--Gregory Parker, room 5C950, 614-7970.

    ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INSTALLATIONS, ENVIRONMENT AND LOGISTICS

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Miranda A.A. Ballentine, room 4E996 (703) 
    697-4936.
    Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Kathleen Ferguson, 697-4936.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Aaron Altwies, 697-4219.
    Military Assistant.--Col. Stephanie Wilson, 697-5023.
    Confidential Assistant.--Heather Pittman, 697-4936.

                     EXECUTIVE SERVICES AND SUPPORT

Executive Service Superintendent.--Vacant (571) 256-1809.
    Executive Services: TSgt Darren Hardy (Deployed); TSgt Shamika 
        Horton (703) 697-4391; TSgt Ray Lance (703) 693-3254; TSgt Shawn 
        Taylor (703) 614-6230.
    Budget Resources: Helen Griffith (703) 614-0012; Wellington Selden 
        Jr., 614-0014.
    Chief, Strategic Resources.--Candy Jones (703) 695-6716.
    Legislative / Public Affairs.--Maj. Christina Meinster, (703) 697-
        1641; Frank Smolinsky, 697-1980.

        DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INSTALLATIONS (SAF / IEI)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Mark Pohlmeier (acting), room 4B941 (703) 
    695-3592.
    Deputy for Installation Policy.--Michael McGhee (703) 697-1019.
    Administrative Support Specialist / Secretary.--Sheenia T. Williams, 
        695-3592.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Rachel Hamlyn, 695-6456.
    Director, Planning and Programs.--Col. Jonathan Webb, 697-7003.
    Director, Encroachment Management.--Steve Zander (703) 571-5771.
    Strategic Basing Analyst.--Mark Pohlmeier (703) 692-7477.

                   INSTALLATION PLANNING (SAF / IEIP)

Director.--Col. Jonathan Webb (703) 697-7003.
    Deputy Director.--Andrew Mendoza (703) 693-8309.
    Information Management.--JJ Cook, 693-9339.
    Program Management: Tim Brennan, 695-5730; Ed McCarthy, 693-9339; 
        Rick Rankin, 697-6492; Terry Tallent, 697-7244.
    Operational Support.--James Sample, 693-3349.
    NEPA Compliance Support.--Giannina Ienco (540) 898-1763.

                     AIR FORCE REAL PROPERTY AGENCY

        2261 Hughes Avenue, Suite 121, San Antonio, TX 78236-9821

Director.--Robert Moriarty (210) 395-9501.
    Secretary to the Director.--Linda Cosper, 395-9503.
    Executive Officer.--Jim Yee, 395-9505.


[[Page 631]]



  DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ENVIRONMENT, SAFETY AND OCCUPATIONAL 
                           HEALTH (SAF / IEE)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Mark Correll, room 4B941 (703) 697-9297.
    Deputy for Installation Policy.--James P. Holland (703) 614-6232.
    Executive Secretary.--Sheenia Williams, 697-9297.
    Executive Officer.--Gina Ghilardi, 697-9297.
    Director for--
        Environment Policy.--Catherine Fairlie, 614-8458.
        Occupational Health Policy.--Maj. David Gilliam, 693-2055.
        Plans and Policy.--Col. Victor Caravello (571) 256-4397.
        Safety Policy.--Vance Lineberger, 693-7706.
    Director, Infrastructure Management.--Lt. Col. Yvonne Spencer, 693-
        2047.
    Air Force Real Property Agency Liaison.--Robert McCann, 692-9515.
    Director, Air National Guard and Reserve Affairs.--Lt. Col. Bradley 
        Waters, 697-0997.
    Director, Asset Management.--Vacant, 693-9328.
    ESOH.--Daniel Kowalczyk, 697-1198.
    Environment Support.--Michelle Brown, 697-0989.

                             REO COORDINATOR

Richard Treviono (210) 395-8784.

                  REGIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL OFFICE (EAST)

Dave Glass, Ron Joy (404) 562-4201.

            DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ENERGY (SAF / IEN)

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Roberto Guerrero, room 5E1000, 256-4711.
    Deputy for Energy Policy.--Dr. Pasquale Gambatese, 697-1207.
    Executive Officer.--Esther Sandel, 697-6032.
    Administration Support / Secretary.--Ann Belfield (571) 256-4711.
    Senior Energy Facilities Engineer.--Douglas Tucker, 697-1113.
    Logistics Energy Management Specialist.--Jennifer Riley, 697-1098.
    Special Assistant.--Richard Ballard, 697-7301.
    Congressional / OA Support.--Richard Brill, 697-1018.
    Energy Aviation Ops: Maj. Marc Gildner, Jim McCann (703) 571-5773.
    Energy Facilities Engineer.--Vacant, 571-3944.
    Energy Acquisitions.--Vacant, 697-1113.
    EATF.--Col. Chip Bulger (703) 614-8279.

          ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR MANPOWER AND RESERVE AFFAIRS

            1660 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4E1010, 20330-1660

Assistant Secretary.--Vacant (703) 697-2302.
    Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Daniel R. Sitterly, 697-1258.
    Mobilization Assistant.--Brig. Gen. Ondra Berry (775) 887-7236.
    Confidential Assistant.--Lydia S. Bennett (703) 695-6677.
    Military Assistant.--Col. Petra McGregor, 697-2303.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Carolyn Ammons, 697-1258.
    Superintendent.--William Coates (703) 614-5654.

       DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FORCE MANAGEMENT INTEGRATION

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jeffrey Mayo (703) 614-4751.
    Executive Secretary.--Alicia K. Bobbitt, 614-4751.
    Assistant Deputy for--
        Force Management Integration.--SMSgt. Chris Parrott, 693-9575.
        Manpower Force Management.--Charles Denmark, 695-2459.
        Military Force Management.--Scott Brady, 693-9309.
        Officer Accessions and Programs.--Steven Beatty, 693-9333.
        Total Air Force Compensation and Civilian Personnel.--Norma 
            Inabinet, 693-9764.


[[Page 632]]



             DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR RESERVE AFFAIRS

Deputy Assistant Secretary, Reserve Affairs and Airman Readiness.--John 
    A. Fedrigo, room 5D742 (703) 697-6376.
    Executive Secretary.--Stephanie Parry, 697-6375.
    Assistant Deputy, Auxiliary, Education and Development Programs--
        Thomas Shubert (571) 256-4044.
        Air Force Reserve Matters.--Col. Michael Phan, 697-6431.
        ANG Matters.--Col. Mark Sheehan (571) 256-4043.
        Assistant Deputy, Force Support and Family Programs.--Kimberly 
            Yates (703) 693-9511.
        Assistant Deputy for Health Policy.--Martha Soper, 693-9512.
        Senior Enlisted Advisor.--CMSgt. Jennifer Koenig, 693-9505.
        Executive Director for Air Reserve Forces Policy Committee.--
            Vacant, 697-6430.
        Assistant Force Support and Family Programs.--Lt. Col. Steven C. 
            Combs, 693-9504.

     DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR STRATEGIC DIVERSITY INTEGRATION

Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Dr. Jarris L. Taylor, Jr., room 5E783 (703) 
    697-6586.
    Assistant Deputy.--Vacant, 697-6583.
    Executive Secretary.--Karen Sauls, 697-6586.

               AIR FORCE REVIEW BOARDS AGENCY (SAF / MRB)

1500 West Perimeter Road, Suite 3700, Joint Base Andrews NAF-Washington, 
                                MD 20762

Director.--R. Philip Deavel (240) 612-5400.
    Deputy Director.--Michael LoGrande, 612-5403.
    Chief Information Officer.--Clifford D. Tompkins, 612-4393.
    Director of Operations.--Thomas Kearney, 612-5342.
        Legal Advisor.--Ralph Arnold, 612-5404.
        Medical Advisor.--Dr. Horace Carson, 612-5405.
        Senior Enlisted Advisor.--SMSgt Eric McCross, 612-4528.
        Human Resources.--Donna Atchison, 612-5401.
        Confidential Assistant.--Marilyn Redmond, 612-5400.

 AIR FORCE BOARD FOR CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS (AFBCMR) SAF / MRBC

Executive Director.--Michael LoGrande (240) 612-5403.
    Deputy.--John Vallario, 612-5392.
        Chief Examiners: Janet Hutson, 612-5373; Daryl Lawrence, 612-
            5381.
        Chief, AFBCMR Administrative Operations.--Brenda Thomas, 612-
            5393.

     AIR FORCE CIVILIAN APPELLATE REVIEW OFFICE (AFCARO), SAF / MRBA

Director.--Rita S. Looney (240) 612-5330.
    Assistant Director.--Vacant, 612-5331.

    SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE PERSONNEL COUNCIL (SAFPC), SAF / MRBP

Director.--Col. Andrew Weaver (240) 612-5369.
    Deputy Director.--Col. Elizabeth Hill, 612-5365.
    Senior Medical Advisor.--Col. Mary Dvorak, 612-5360.
    Chief, Air Force Discharge Review Board.--Col. Martha Mann, 612-
        5355.
    Chief, Awards / Decorations / Air Force Reserve Advisor.--Col. 
        Christopher Bennett, 612-5402.
    Executive Secretary / Attorney Advisor on Clemency / Parole Board.--
        Bruce Brown, 612-5364.
    Executive Secretary, DoD Civilian / Military Service Review Board.--
        Bruce Brown, 612-5364.
    President Remissions Board.--Bruce Brown, 612-5364.


[[Page 633]]



      AIR FORCE REVIEW BOARDS AGENCY LEGAL DIRECTORATE, SAF / MRBL

Director.--Col. Calvin Anderson (240) 612-4529.

      AIR FORCE PERSONNEL SECURITY APPEAL BOARD (PSAB), SAF / MRBS

President.--Al Walker (240) 612-5380.
    Deputy.--Joseph Schott, 612-5350.

       DoD PHYSICAL DISABILITY BOARD OF REVIEW (PDBR), SAF / MRBD

President.--James Davis (240) 612-4390.
    Deputy.--Clifford D. Tompkins, 612-4393.

       CHIEF, INFORMATION DOMINANCE AND CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

               1800 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4E1050, 20330

Chief, Information Dominance and Chief Information Officer.--Lt. Gen. 
    William J. ``Bill'' Bender (703) 695-6829.
    Deputy Chief, Information Dominance and Chief Information Officer.--
        Teresa M. Salazar, 695-6829.
    Director of:
        Cyberspace Operations and Warfighting Integration.--Peter Kim 
            (acting), room 1D857, 695-1835.
        Cyberspace Strategy and Policy.--Brig. Gen. Sarah Zabel, room 
            1D857, 614-2997.
        Cyberspace Capabilities and Compliance.--Michael Sorrento, room 
            1D857, 695-1839.

DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE AND RECONNAISSANCE 
                                  (ISR)

Deputy Chief of Staff.--Lt. Gen. Robert Otto (703) 695-5613.
    Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff.--Maj. Gen. Urrutia-Varhall.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Tracy Ward.
    Director of:
        ISR Capabilities.--Brig. Gen. John Rauch, 697-5818.
        ISR Innovations.--James Clark, 693-3377.
        ISR Resources.--Keith Holt, 697-4925.
        ISR Strategy, Plans, Doctrine and Force Development.--Kenneth 
            Dumm, 614-3478.
        Special Programs.--Dean Yount, 693-5201.

         DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR LOGISTICS, INSTALLATIONS AND 
                             MISSION SUPPORT

                     Pentagon, 1030 Air Force, 20330

Deputy Chief of Staff.--Lt. Gen. Judith A. Fedder, room 4E154 (703) 695-
    5590.
    Assistant Deputy.--Tim Bridges, Pentagon, room 4E154, 695-6236.
    Director of:
        Civil Engineer.--Brig. Gen. Tim Green, Pentagon, room 4C1057, 
            693-4308.
        Logistics.--Brig. Gen. Kathryn Johnson, Pentagon, room 4C1065, 
            695-4900.
        Resources Integration.--Lorna Estep, Pentagon, room 4B1088, 697-
            2822.
        Security Forces.--Brig. Gen. Allen Jamerson, Pentagon, room 
            5E1040, 693-5401.

       DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND SERVICES

               Pentagon, 1040 Air Force, Room 4E168, 20330

Deputy Chief of Staff.--Lt. Gen. Samuel D. Cox (703) 697-6088.
    Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff.--Robert E. Corsi, Jr.
    Chief, AF/A1 Action Group.--Lt. Col. Catherine Logan, room 4E169, 
        695-4212.
    Director of:
        Air Force General Officer Management.--Col. Christopher Craige, 
            room 4D1066, 
            697-1181.
        Services.--Brig. Gen. Patrick Doherty, room 4D1054 (571) 256-
            8598.

[[Page 634]]

        Force Development.--Russell Frasz, room 4D950, 695-2144.
        Force Management Policy.--Brig. Gen. Brian Kelly, room 4D950A, 
            695-6770.
        Manpower, Organization, and Resources.--Brig. Gen. Richard 
            Murphy, room 5B349, 
            692-1601.
        Plans and Integration.--Michelle LoweSolis, room 4D1054A, 697-
            5222.

      DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR OPERATIONS, PLANS AND REQUIREMENTS

              Pentagon, 1630 Air Force, Room 4E1024, 20330

Deputy Chief of Staff.--Lt. Gen. Tod Wolters (703) 697-9991.
    Assistant Deputy.--Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Harrigian, 697-9881.
    Mobility Assistant.--Brig. Gen. Robert Polumbo, 697-3087.
    Director of:
        Cyberspace Operations and Warfighting Integration.--Peter Kim, 
            room 1D857, 614-2997.
        Operations and Readiness.--Brig. Gen. Giovanni Tuck, room 5C756, 
            695-7602.
        Resource Integration.--Denise Hampt, room 5E873, 697-7833.
        Space Operations.--Maj. Gen. Martin Whelan, room 5D756, 697-
            9500.

       DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR STRATEGIC PLANS AND REQUIREMENTS

            Pentagon, 1070 Air Force, Room 4E1082, 20330-1070

Deputy Chief of Staff.--Lt. Gen. James M. Holmes (703) 697-4469.
    Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff.--Richard Hartley (703) 692-9944.
    Directorate of:
        Operational Capability Requirements.--Maj. Gen. Paul Johnson, 
            room 5C889 (703) 695-3018.
        Plans.--Maj. Gen. Jerry Harris, room 5D1088 (703) 614-2863.
        Strategy, Concepts, and Assessments.--Maj. Gen. David Alvin, 
            room 5D1050 (703) 697-3117.

           DIRECTORATE OF STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AND ASSESSMENTS

                  Pentagon, 1570 Air Force, Room 4E214

                        Washington, DC 20330-1570

Director.--Kevin E. Williams, SES (571) 256-2015.
    Principal Deputy Director.--Lynne E. Baldrighi, SES.
    Military Deputy Director.--Col. James G. Sturgeon.
    Senior Advisor.--Vacant.
    Technical Director.--Dr. Mark A. Gallagher, Ph.D., SL.
    Chief Analyst.--Col. Scott Williams.

           STRATEGIC DETERRENCE AND NUCLEAR INTEGRATION (A10)

              Pentagon, 1488 Air Force, Suite 4E240, 20330

Assistant Chief of Staff.--Maj. Gen. Garrett Harencak (703) 693-9747.
    Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff.--Michael Shoults, SES, 693-9747.
    Associate Assistant Chief of Staff.--Dr. Billy Mullins, Ph.D., SES, 
        693-9747.
    HQE.--Dr. Jim Blackwell, Ph.D. (703) 695-1365.
    MA.--Brig. Gen. Thomas Clark (703) 697-1545.
    Director of Staff.--Darphaus Mitchell, 693-9747.
    Senior Executive.--Maj. Chris Maroney, 693-9747.
    Junior Executive.--Maj. Nate Osborne, 693-9747.
    Administrative Assistant.--Rhonda Gill, 693-9747.
    Division Chiefs:
        Assessments.--David O'Donnell (202) 767-7420.
        Capabilities.--Col. Carl Jones (202) 404-7938.
        Executive Services.--Wilbert Smith, 695-7810.
        Functional Authority.--Zannis Pappas, 697-6056.
        NC3.--Col. Eric Beene (202) 767-4259.
        Strategic Stability and CWMD Policy.--Col. Thomas Summers (703) 
            614-6009.
        Planning, Policy and Strategy.--Col. Frank Link, 697-4098.


[[Page 635]]



                ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT TO THE SECRETARY

                     Pentagon, 1720 Air Force, 20330

Administrative Assistant.--Patricia J. Zarodkiewicz, room 4E824 (703) 
    695-9492.
    Deputy Administrative Assistant.--Jeffery R. Shelton, 695-9492.
    Director of Staff.--Lt. Col. Heather Meyer, 693-9503.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Mark Cipolla, 695-9492.
    Confidential Assistant.--Ruby Hill, 695-9492.
    Executive Administrators: TSgt. Jenny Collins, 614-5637; TSgt. Aimee 
        Miller, 695-3151.
    Director of:
        Executive Dining Facility.--Shad Glover, room 4D869, 697-1112.
        Information Management.--Kent Chadrick, 5E915, 697-6529.
        Operations.--Ralph F. Davis, room 5D855, 697-8225.
        Resources--Personnel.--Anne Graham, room 1E868, 692-9516.
        Resources--Finance.--Lt. Col. Mark Snow, room 4D845, 695-3148.
        Security, Counterintelligence and Special Programs Oversight 
            Division.--Michael Janosov, room MD779, 693-2013.
        Sensitive Activities Office.--Russell Wyler (202) 404-1500.

                             AUDITOR GENERAL

                     Pentagon, 1120 Air Force, 20330

              4170 Hebble Creek Road, Building 280, Door 1

               Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433-5643 (WPAFB)

                  1500 West Perimeter Road, Suite 4700

                      Joint Base Andrews, MD 20762

             470 I Street East, Randolph AFB, TX 78150-4332

Auditor General.--Daniel F. McMillin, room 4E204 (703) 614-5626.

                         AIR FORCE AUDIT AGENCY

Director of Operations.--Catherine M. Bromley, JBA Andrews (240) 612-
    5114.
    Assistant Auditor General for--
        Acquisition, Logistics, and Financial Audits.--Valerie L. Muck, 
            WPAFB (937) 257-6355.
        Field Activities Audits.--Sharon Puschmann, Pentagon (703) 614-
            5626.
        Operations and Support Audits.--Michael D. Petersen, Randolph 
            AFB (210) 652-0035.

                           CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS

           1380 AF Pentagon, Room 4E260, Washington, DC 20330

Chief.--Chaplain (Maj. Gen.) Howard D. Stendahl (571) 256-7729.
    Deputy Chief.--Chaplain (Brig. Gen.) Bobby V. Page, 256-7729.

                        AIR FORCE CHIEF OF SAFETY

        Pentagon, 1400 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4E252, 20330-1400

Chief of Air Force Safety / Commander, Air Force Safety Center.--Maj. 
    Gen. Kurt Neubauer (703) 693-7281.
    Deputy Chief of Air Force Safety / Executive Director, Air Force 
        Safety Center.--
        James Rubeor (505) 846-2372.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Patrick Schuldt (703) 614-3389.
    Director, Safety Issues Division.--Col. Jason Edelblute, 693-3333.

                        AIR FORCE GENERAL COUNSEL

          Pentagon, 1740 Air Force Pentagon, Suite 4E836, 20330

General Counsel.--Hon. Gordon O. Tanner (703) 697-0941.
    Principal Deputy.--Joseph M. McDade, 697-4406.

[[Page 636]]

    Military Assistant.--Lt. Col. Thomas L. Cluff, Jr. (703) 693-7304.
    Executive Assistant.--Debra R. Swanson, 697-8418.
    Deputy General Counsel for--
        Acquisition.--Richard B. Clifford, Jr., room 5B914, 693-7284.
        Contractor Responsibility and Conflict Resolution.--Rodney 
            Grandon, Crystal City (703) 604-0423.
        Fiscal, Ethics and Administrative Law.--F. Andrew Turley, room 
            4C934, 693-9291.
        Intelligence, International and Military Affairs.--Craig A. 
            Smith, room 4C756 (703) 
            695-5663.
        Installations, Energy and Environment.--Jennifer Miller, room 
            5E773 (571) 256-4809.

                           AIR FORCE HISTORIAN

     1190 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4E1062, Washington, DC 20330-1190

Director.--Walter Grudzinskas, (703) 697-5603.
    Executive Officer.--David Bragg 697-9119.
    Director, Air Force Historical Research Agency, Maxwell AFB, AL.--
        Dr. Charles O'Connell (334) 953-5342.

                            INSPECTOR GENERAL

            Pentagon, 1140 Air Force, Room 4E1040, 20330-1140

Inspector General.--Lt. Gen. Gregory A. Biscone (703) 697-6733.
    Deputy Inspector General.--Maj. Gen. Craig N. Gourley, 697-4351.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Zachary L. Smith, 697-4787.
    Advisor for--
        Air National Guard Matters.--Col. Suzanne B. Lipcaman, room 
            4E1037, 697-0339.
        Reserve Matters.--Col. Kathleen R. Mikkelson, room 4E1037, 614-
            3863.
    Director of:
        Complaints Resolution Directorate.--Col. John Payne, JBAB-
            Building 5863, room 150 (202) 404-5262.
        Inspections.--Col. William Reese, JBAB-Building 5863, room 350, 
            404-3263.
        Senior Officials Inquiries.--Col. Matthew Bartlett, room 5B937 
            (703) 693-3579.
        Special Investigations.--Col. Jeffrey Hurlbert, room 5B919, 697-
            0411.

                         JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL

                     Pentagon, 1420 Air Force, 20330

         1501 West Perimeter Road, Joint Base Andrews Naval Air

                      Facility Washington, MD 20762

The Judge Advocate General.--Lt. Gen. Christopher F. Burne, room 4E180 
    (703) 614-5732.
    Deputy Judge Advocate General.--Maj. Gen. Jeffrey A. Rockwell, room 
        4E180, 614-5732.
    Senior Paralegal Manager to TJAG.--CMSgt Larry G. Tolliver, room 
        5D116, 614-9004.
    Director for--
        Administrative Law.--Conrad Von Wald, room 5D116, 614-4075.
        Civil Law and Litigation.--Col. Peter R. Marksteiner, JBANAFW, 
            suite 1530 (240) 612-4610.
        Civilian Career Development, Plans and Programs.--David Sprowls, 
            room 5D116, 692-2828.
        Commercial Law and Litigation.--Col. Robert J. Preston, JBANAFW, 
            suite 1780, 612-6620.
        Operations and International Law.--Col. Robert A. Ramey, room 
            5D116 (703) 695-9633.
        Professional Development.--Col. Charles L. Plummer, room 5D116, 
            614-3021.
        USAF Court of Criminal Appeals.--Col. Mark L. Allred, JBANAFW, 
            suite 1900, 612-5070.
        USAF Judiciary.--Col. Charles C. Killion, JBANAFW, suite 1310, 
            612-4760.
        USAF Trial Judiciary.--Col. Vance H. Spath, JBANAFW, suite 1150, 
            612-4570.

                            LEGAL OPERATIONS

Commander, Air Force Legal Operations Agency.--Brig. Gen. Dixie A. 
    Morrow, JB Andrews, suite 1320 (240) 612-4590.

[[Page 637]]

    Command  Paralegal  Manager,  Air  Force  Legal  Operations  
        Agency.--CMSgt 
        Patricia Granan, suite 1320 (240) 612-4594.

                   DIRECTORATE OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON

                     Pentagon, 1160 Air Force, 20330

         Rayburn House Office Building, Room B-322, 20515 (RHOB)

        Russell Senate Office Building, Room SR-182, 20510 (RSOB)

Director.--Maj. Gen. Thomas W. Bergeson, room 4E812 (703) 697-4142.
    Deputy Director.--Christy Nolta (703) 697-4142.
    Director of Staff.--Col. Daniel A. Blake, 4B852, 693-0315.
    Mobilization Assistant to the Director.--Col. Farris ``Carlos'' 
        Hill, 697-4142.
    Executive Officer to the Director.--Lt. Col. Heather C.D. Marshall, 
        697-4142.
    Congressional Actions.--Stephen Frye, room 4B852, 695-0182.
    Congressional Inquiry and Travel.--Col. Matthew H. Yetishefsky, room 
        4B852, 697-3786.
    House Liaison Office.--Col. Wesley Hallman, RHOB (202) 685-4531.
    Programs and Legislation.--Matt Ernest, room 4B852 (703) 693-9111.
    Senate Liaison Office.--Brig. Gen. Billy D. Thompson, RSOB (202) 
        685-2573.
    Weapons Systems.--Col. David Slaydon, room 4B852 (703) 697-3376.

                          NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU

           1636 Defense Pentagon (1E169), Washington, DC 20301

Chief.--GEN Frank G. Grass, Pentagon, room 1E169 (703) 614-3087.
    Vice Chief.--Lt. Gen. Joseph L. Lengyel, Pentagon, room 1E169, 614-
        3038.
    Legislative Liaison.--Brig. Gen. James K. Vogel, Pentagon, room 
        1D157 (571) 256-7339.
    Director for--
        Air National Guard.--Lt. Gen. Stanley Clarke, Pentagon, room 
            4E126, 614-8033.
        Army National Guard.--LTG Timothy J. Kadavy, Arlington Hall 
            Readiness Center, 111 South George Mason Drive, Arlington, 
            VA 22204 (703) 607-7005.

                        OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

Director.--Brig. Gen. Kathleen Cook (703) 697-6061.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Christina Sukach.
    Chief of:
        Current Operations.--Lt. Col. Brett Ashworth, 695-0640.
        Engagement.--Wendy Varhegyi, 695-9664.
        Requirements and Development.--Sherry Medders, 697-6701.
        Strategy and Assessment.--Col. Sean Monogue, 697-6715.

                            AIR FORCE RESERVE

               Pentagon, 1150 Air Force, Room 4E138, 20330

Chief, Air Force Reserve / Commander, Air Force Reserve Command.--Lt. 
    Gen. James F. Jackson (703) 695-9225.
    Deputy to Chief of Air Force Reserve.--Maj. Gen. Maryanne Miller, 
        695-5528.
    Executive Officer.--Col. Melissa A. Coburn, 695-5528.
    Assistant Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Angela Gundersen, 695-5528.
    Executive SNCO.--SMSgt Adele Ruiz, 614-7307.

                        SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

   1500 West Perimeter Road, Suite 3300, Joint Base Andrews, MD 20762

Chair.--Dr. Werner Dahm (240) 612-5513.
    Vice Chair.--Dr. Iain Boyd, 612-5513.
    Military Director.--Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch (Pentagon 4E962), (703) 
        697-6363.
    Executive Director.--Lt. Col. Chris Jenkins (Pentagon 5E815), (703) 
        695-4297.
    Administration.--MSgt Michael Salopek, 612-5500.


[[Page 638]]



                           AIR FORCE SCIENTIST

               Pentagon, 1075 Air Force, Room 4E130, 20330

Chief Scientist.--Dr. Mica R. Endsley (703) 697-7842.
    Military Assistant.--Col. Anne Clark.

               AIR FORCE OFFICE OF SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS

     1060 Air Force Pentagon, Room 4E268, Washington, DC 20330-1060

Director.--Mark S. Teskey.
    Deputy Director.--Carol E. White.
    Executive Assistant.--Nina M. Payne.

                             SURGEON GENERAL

            Pentagon, 1780 Air Force, Room 4E114, 20330-1780

    7700 Arlington Boulevard, Suite 5152, Falls Church, VA 22042-5152

Surgeon General.--Lt. Gen. Thomas Travis (703) 692-6800.
    Executive Officer.--Lt. Col. Terence Cunningham, 692-6990.
    Deputy Surgeon General.--Maj. Gen. Mark Ediger, 681-6994.
    Executive Officer.--Maj. Vanessa Wong, 681-6994.
    Director for--
        Congressional and Public Affairs.--Tony Joyner, 681-7921.
        Financial Management.--Col. Billy Cecil, 681-6933.
        Force Development.--Maj. Gen. Charles Potter, 681-8157.
        Medical Operations.--Brig. Gen. Dorothy Hogg, 681-7113.
        Modernization.--Brig. Gen. James Carroll, 681-8137.
        Strategic Plans and Programs.--Farah Sharshar, 681-5639.
    Corps Director for--
        Biomedical Sciences.--Col. Richard Mooney, 681-7616.
        Dental Corps.--Col. Michael Cunningham, 681-6993.
        Medical.--Col. Dominic Hootsman, 681-6993.
        Medical Services.--Col. Patrick Dawson, 681-6993.
        Nursing.--Col. Stephen Donaldson, 681-8157.

                   DIRECTORATE OF TEST AND EVALUATION

               Pentagon, 1650 Air Force, Room 4E276, 20330

Director.--Devin L. Cate (703) 697-4774.
    Deputy Director.--Tanya M. Skeen.
    Executive Assistant.--Dawniel C. Conner.

                   ARMY AND AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE

 3911 S. Walton Walker Boulevard, Dallas, TX 75236, phone 1-800-527-6790

Director / Chief Executive Officer.--Thomas C. Shull.
    Deputy Director.--Michael E. Immler.
    Chief Operating Officer.--Michael P. Howard.

          WASHINGTON OFFICE / OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                2530 Crystal Drive, Suite 4158, 4th Floor

                Arlington, VA 22202, phone (703) 602-3439

Director.--Gregg Cox.

[[Page 639]]

                         DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY

                   The Pentagon, Washington, DC 20310

                          phone (703) 695-2442

                          SECRETARY OF THE ARMY

        101 Army Pentagon, Room 3E700, Washington, DC 20310-0101

                phone (703) 695-1717, fax (703) 697-8036

Secretary of the Army.--Hon. John M. McHugh.
    Executive Officer.--LTC (P) Michael G. Pratt.

                       UNDER SECRETARY OF THE ARMY

        102 Army Pentagon, Room 3E700, Washington, DC 20310-0102

                phone (703) 695-4311, fax (703) 697-8036

Under Secretary of the Army.--Hon. Brad R. Carson.
    Executive Officer.--COL Andrea Thompson.

                    CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE ARMY (CSA)

        200 Army Pentagon, Room 3E672, Washington, DC 20310-0200

                phone (703) 697-0900, fax (703) 614-5268

Chief of Staff, Army.--GEN Raymond T. Odierno.
    Executive Officer.--COL Andrew M. Rohling.
    Vice Chief of Staff, Army.--GEN Daniel B. Allyn (703) 695-4371.
    Executive Officer.--COL Mark H. Landes (703) 695-4371.
    Director, CSA Staff Group.--COL Christopher Norrie, room 3D654 (703) 
        693-8371.
    Director of the Army Staff.--LTG William T. Grisoli, room 3E663 
        (703) 693-7707.
    Sergeant Major of the Army.--SMA Daniel A. Dailey, room 3E677 (703) 
        695-2150.
    Directors:
        Army Protocol.--Heidi Hulst, room 3A532 (703) 692-6701.
        Executive Communications and Control.--Thea Harvell III, room 
            3D664 (703) 695-7552.
        Joint and Defense Affairs.--COL Kevin Dunlop, room 3D644 (703) 
            614-8217.

Direct Reporting Units
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command.--MG Peter 
        D. Utley (703) 681-9360 / (410) 306-3327.
    Superintendent, U.S. Military Academy.--LTG Robert L. Caslen, Jr. 
        (845) 938-2610.
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Military District of Washington.--MG 
        Jeffrey S. Buchanan (202) 685-2807.
    Commandant, U.S. Army War College.--MG William E. Rapp (717) 245-
        4400.

                DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF THE ARMY (DUSA)

        101 Army Pentagon, Room 3E650, Washington, DC 20310-0001

                phone (703) 697-5075, fax (703) 697-3145

Deputy Under Secretary.--Thomas E. Hawley.
    Deputy.--Vacant.
    Executive Officer.--Mark Von Heeringen, room 3A514 (703) 695-8375.
    Executive Assistant.--Renee L. Hughes, room 3E650 (703) 697-5075.


[[Page 640]]



                     ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY

           (ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS AND TECHNOLOGY) (ASA(ALT))

        103 Army Pentagon, Room 2E532, Washington, DC 20310-0103

                phone (703) 693-6153, fax (703) 697-40034

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Heidi Shyu.
    Principal Deputy.--Gabriel O. Camarillo, room 2E520 (703) 614-4372.
    Principal Military Deputy.--LTG Michael E. Williamson, room 2E532 
        (703) 697-0356.
    Chief of Staff.--COL Karen D. Saunders (703) 695-5749.
    Executive Officer.--LTC Scott Beall (703) 695-6742.
    Confidential Assistant.--Anita J. Odom (703) 695-6153.
    Executive Assistant to the Military Deputy.--Patty Laws (703) 693-
        3927.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (DASA):
        Acquisition and Systems Management.--MG Paul A. Ostrowski (703) 
            695-3115.
        Acquisition, Policy and Logistics.--Steven Karl (acting), (703) 
            697-5050.
        Defense Exports and Cooperation.--Ann Castiglione-Cataldo (703) 
            614-3434.
        Plans, Programs and Resources.--Thomas E. Mullins (703) 697-
            0387.
        Procurement.--Harry P. Hallock (703) 695-2488.
        Research and Technology.--Mary J. Miller (703) 692-1830.

Direct Reporting Units
    Director, U.S. Army Acquisition Support Center.--Craig Spisak (703) 
        805-1013.

         ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY (CIVIL WORKS) (ASA(CW))

        108 Army Pentagon, Room 3E446, Washington, DC 20310-0108

                phone (703) 697-4672, fax (703) 697-7401

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Jo-Ellen Darcy.
    Principal Deputy.--Marie Therese Dominguez (703) 695-1370.
    Executive Officer.--COL Reinhard W. Koenig (703) 697-9809.
    Military Assistant.--LTC Antoinette R. Gant (703) 695-0482.
    Executive Assistant.--Regena Townsend-Treleaven (703) 697-4672.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army (DASA):
        Management and Budget.--Eric V. Hansen, room 3E441 (703) 695-
            1376.
        Policy, Planning and Review.--Douglas W. Lamont, GAO-6S91 (202) 
            761-0016.

                     ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY

           (FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND COMPTROLLER) (ASA(FM&C))

        109 Army Pentagon, Room 3E320, Washington, DC 20310-0109

                phone (703) 614-4356, fax (703) 693-7584

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Robert M. Speer.
    Principal Deputy.--Vacant (703) 614-4337.
    Military Deputy for Budget.--LTG Karen E. Dyson (703) 614-4034.
    Executive Officer.--COL Arie J. McSherry (703) 614-4292.
    Military Assistant.--MAJ Carmen J. Iglesias (703) 614-4240.
    Executive Assistant.--Deborah Glembocki (703) 614-1506.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army:
        Cost and Economics.--Stephen G. Barth, room 3E352 (703) 614-
            7550.
        Financial Information Management.--COL John T. Vogel (acting), 
            room 3A320 (703) 692-8529.
        Financial Operations.--Laura N. Jankovich, room 3A320A (703) 
            693-2758.
    Director, Army Budget.--MG Thomas A. Horlander, room 3E336, 614-
        1573.
    Director, U.S. Army Financial Management Command.--COL Darrell 
        Brimberry (317) 212-3617.


[[Page 641]]



                     ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY

           (INSTALLATIONS, ENERGY AND ENVIRONMENT) (ASA(IE&E))

        110 Army Pentagon, Room 3E464, Washington, DC 20310-0110

                phone (703) 692-9800, fax (703) 692-9808

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Katherine G. Hammack.
    Principal Deputy.--J. Randall Robinson (703) 692-9802.
    Executive Officer.--COL Andrew W. Backus (703) 692-9804.
    Military Assistant.--LTC Stephen J. Kolouch (703) 692-9805.
    Executive Assistant.--Michelle R. Soares (703) 692-9800.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army:
        Energy and Sustainability.--Richard G. Kidd IV, room 3D453 (703) 
            692-9890.
        Environment, Safety and Occupational Health.--Hershel ``Hew'' E. 
            Wolfe, room 3D453 (703) 697-1913.
        Installations, Housing and Partnerships.--Paul D. Cramer, room 
            3E475 (703) 697-0867.
        Strategic Integration.--Mark D. Rocke, room 3D453 (703) 692-
            9817.

                     ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY

               (MANPOWER AND RESERVE AFFAIRS) (ASA(M&RA))

        111 Army Pentagon, Room 2E460, Washington, DC 20310-0111

                phone (703) 697-9253, fax (703) 692-9000

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Debra S. Wada.
    Principal Deputy.--Karl F. Schneider (703) 692-1292.
    Executive Officer.--COL Michael C. Miller (703) 614-2850.
    Executive Assistant.--Wanda L. Artis (703) 697-9253.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army:
        Army Review Boards / Director, Army Review Boards Agency.--
            Francine C. Blackmon (703) 545-5639.
        Deputy Director.--COL Matthew B. Coleman, Crystal City (703) 
            545-5637.
        Military Personnel Policy and Quality of Life.--Anthony J. 
            Stamilio, room 2D484 (703) 
            614-1648.
        Civilian Personnel / Director, Civilian Senior Leader Management 
            Office.--Gwendolyn R. DeFilippi, room 2E485 (703) 614-8143.
        Diversity and Leadership.--Larry Stubblefield (703) 614-5284.
        Marketing / Director, Army Marketing and Research Group.--Mark 
            S. Davis (703) 545-3439.
        Training, Readiness and Mobilization.--Raymond F. ``Fred'' Rees, 
            room 2E482 (703) 697-2631.

Direct Reporting Unit
    U.S. Army Accessions Support Brigade.--COL Brian M. Cavanaugh (502) 
        626-1751.

                        ARMY GENERAL COUNSEL (GC)

        104 Army Pentagon, Room 2E724, Washington, DC 20310-0104

                phone (703) 697-9235, fax (703) 693-9254

General Counsel.--Philip R. Park (senior official).
    Principal Deputy General Counsel.--Philip R. Park (acting).
    Executive Officer / Special Counsel.--COL John B. Wells III.
    Executive Assistant.--Christopher J. McCombs (703) 692-9141.
    Deputy General Counsels:
        Acquisition.--Levator Norsworthy, Jr. , room 3C546 (703) 697-
            5120.
        Ethics and Fiscal Law.--Susan D. Tigner, room 3C546 (703) 695-
            4296.
        Installations, Environment and Civil Works.--Craig R. Schmauder, 
            room 3C546 (703) 695-3024.
        Operations and Personnel.--Daniel F. McCallum, room 3C546 (703) 
            695-0562.


[[Page 642]]



      ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT TO THE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY (AASA)

        105 Army Pentagon, room 3E733, Washington, DC 20310-0105

                phone (703) 695-2442, fax (703) 697-6194

Administrative Assistant to the Secretary of the Army.--Gerald B. 
    O'Keefe.
    Deputy Administrative Assistant.--Mark F. Averill (703) 697-7741.
    Executive Officer.--COL Kevin L. Berry (703) 695-7444.
    Executive Assistant.--Vacant (703) 695-2442.
    Director, Civilian Aides to the Secretary of the Army (CASA).--Laura 
        L. DeFrancisco, room 3D742 (703) 697-2639.
    Executive Directors:
        U.S. Army Center of Military History.--Dr. Richard W. Stewart 
            (acting), Fort McNair, Building 35, room 147 (202) 685-2705.
        U.S. Army Headquarters Services.--Michael E. Reheuser, Fort 
            Belvoir, Building 1458 (703) 545-4870.
        U.S. Army Information Technology Agency.--Gregory L. Garcia, 
            room ME882 (571) 
            256-1660.
        U.S. Army Resources and Programs Agency.--Mark F. Averill, Fort 
            Belvoir, Building 1458 (703) 545-9393.

                          ARMY AUDITOR GENERAL

         6000 6th Street, Bldg 1464, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5609

                phone (703) 545-5907, fax (703) 806-1199

Auditor General.--Randall L. Exley.
    Principal Deputy Auditor General.--Joseph P. Bentz (703) 545-5910.
    Executive Officer.--COL Sheila C. Denham (703) 545-5909.
    Executive Assistant.--Carolyn Selquist (703) 545-5907.
    General Counsel.--Michael Hoadley (703) 545-5879.
    Director, Policy and Operations Management.--Felix Strelsky (703) 
        545-5874.
    Deputy Auditors General:
        Acquisition, Logistics and Technology Audits.--Kathleen A. 
            Nelson (703) 545-5903.
        Financial Management and Comptroller Audits.--Kevin F. Kelly 
            (703) 545-5851.
        Installations, Energy and Environment Audits.--William Jenkins 
            (703) 545-5853.
        Manpower, Reserve Affairs and Training Audits.--Joseph P. Bentz 
            (acting), (703) 545-5877.

                ARMY NATIONAL MILITARY CEMETERIES (ANMC)

                phone (703) 614-0615, fax (571) 256-3366

Executive Director.--Patrick K. Hallinan.
    Chief of Staff.--COL Joseph Simonelli, Jr. (703) 614-4140.
    Executive Officer.--COL Joseph Simonelli, Jr.(703) 614-4140.
    Executive Assistant.--Christa Petry (703) 614-0615.

Direct Reporting Unit
    Executive Director, Arlington National Cemetery.--Patrick K. 
        Hallinan.
    Superintendent, Arlington National Cemetery.--Jack E. Lechner, Jr.

      ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF FOR INSTALLATION MANAGEMENT (ACSIM)

        600 Army Pentagon, Room 3E484, Washington, DC 20310-0600

                phone (703) 693-3233, fax (703) 693-3507

Assistant Chief of Staff.--LTG David D. Halverson.
    Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff.--Diane M. Randon.
    Executive Officer.--COL John J. Strycula.
    Executive Assistant.--Patricia L. Weaver.
    Director, Army Installation Support Management.--Diane M. Randon.

[[Page 643]]

Direct Reporting Unit
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Installation Management Command.--LTG 
        David D. Halverson.

                        CHIEF ARMY RESERVE (CAR)

        2400 Army Pentagon, Room 3E562, Washington, DC 20310-2400

                phone (703) 695-0031, fax (703) 697-1891

Chief.--LTG Jeffrey W. Talley.
    Assistant Chief.--Barbara A. Sisson (703) 695-0047.
    Executive Officer.--COL Martin Klein (703) 695-0042.
    Executive Assistant.--Janet L. Pendergraph (703) 695-0031.
    Congressional Affairs Communication Officer.--Dorothy G. Singletary 
        (703) 806-7546.

                CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER, G-6 (CIO, G-6)

        107 Army Pentagon, Room 3E608, Washington, DC 20310-0107

                phone (703) 695-4366, fax (703) 695-3091

Chief Information Officer.--LTG Robert S. Ferrell.
    Deputy Chief.--Gary Wang (703) 695-6604.
    Executive Officer.--COL Dana S. Tankins (703) 697-5503.
    Civilian Executive Officer.--Marilyn Al-Mansoor (703) 695-4366.

Direct Reporting Unit
    Second Army.--LTG Edward C. Cardon (703) 706-1517.

                     CHIEF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON (CLL)

        1600 Army Pentagon, Room 1E416, Washington, DC 20310-1600

                phone (703) 697-6767, fax (703) 614-7599

Chief.--MG Laura J. Richardson.
    Principal Deputy.--Bernard P. Ingold (703) 697-0278.
    Deputy.--COL R. J. Lillibridge (703) 695-1235.
    Executive Officer.--COL William B. Johnson (703) 695-3524.
    Enlisted Aide.--SFC Natasha S. Williams (703) 217-1696.
    Executive Assistant.--Dellar M. Burch (703) 697-6767.
    Chief Congressional Inquiry.--Harry B. Williams, room 1E423 (703) 
        697-8381.
    Chief House Liaison Division.--COL David Hamilton, room B325, 
        Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC (202) 685-2675.
    Chief Investigations and Legislative Division.--COL Joseph Berger, 
        room 1E433 (703) 697-8218.
    Chief Programs Division.--COL Scott Efflandt, room 1E385 (703) 693-
        8766.
    Chief Senate Liaison Division.--COL Scott Jackson, room SR183, 
        Senate Russell Office Building, Washington, DC (202) 224-2881.
    ACoS Operations.--COL Tracy Farrell, room 1D437 (703) 697-3206.
    Plans Officer.--MAJ Dennis J. Call, room 1D437 (703) 697-3206.
    Chief, Management and Support Operations Division.--Kyle McClelland, 
        room 1E423 (703) 692-4159.

                   CHIEF NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU (CNGB)

             Pentagon, room 1E169, Washington, DC 20301-1636

                phone (703) 614-3087, fax (703) 614-0274

Chief.--GEN Frank J. Grass.
    Vice Chief.--Lt. Gen. Joseph L. Lengyel (703) 614-3038.
    Executive Officer.--COL Jeffrey B. Cashman (703) 614-3087.
    Executive Assistant.--Carol Lagasse (703) 614-3117.
    Directors:
        Air National Guard.--Lt. Gen. Stanley E. Clarke III (703) 614-
            8033.
        Army National Guard.--LTG Timothy J. Kadavy, room 2A514B (703) 
            693-8464.


[[Page 644]]



                        CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS (CCH)

        2700 Army Pentagon, Room 3E524, Washington, DC 20310-2700

                phone (703) 695-1133, fax (703) 695-9834

Chief of Chaplains.--(MG) Donald L. Rutherford.
    Deputy Chief of Chaplains.--(BG) Charles Ray Bailey (703) 695-1135.
    Executive Officer.--Chaplain (LTC) Brad Baumann (703) 695-1133.
    Executive Assistant.--Caridad Gelineau (703) 695-1135.

                        CHIEF OF ENGINEERS (CoE)

               GAO Building, 441 G Street NW., 20314-0001

                phone (202) 761-0000, fax (202) 761-4463

Chief of Engineers.--LTG Thomas P. Bostick.
    Deputy.--MG Richard L. Stevens (202) 761-0002.
    Director.--COL David C. Hill (703) 693-4407.

Direct Reporting Unit
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.--LTG Thomas P. 
        Bostick.
    Deputy.--MG Richard L. Stevens (202) 761-0002.
    Chief of Staff.--COL Michael D. Peloquin (202) 761-0380.
    Executive Officer.--LTC John C. Becking (202) 761-0468.
    Executive Assistant.--Karen Huff (202) 761-0001.

                       CHIEF, PUBLIC AFFAIRS (CPA)

        1500 Army Pentagon, Room 1E484, Washington, DC 20310-1500

                phone (703) 695-5135, fax (703) 693-8362

Chief.--BG Malcolm Frost.
    Principal Deputy.--Michael P. Brady (703) 697-1747.
    Deputy.--COL Richard T. Patterson (703) 697-4482.
    Chief of Staff.--Vacant.
    Executive Officer.--LTC Michael C. Nicholson (703) 697-4200.
    Executive Assistant.--Nicole Ortega (703) 695-5135.
    Chief, Media Relations Division.--LTC Alayne P. Conway (703) 693-
        4723.
    Director, U.S. Army Public Affairs Center.--COL Richard J. McNorton 
        (301) 677-7270.
    Director, U.S. Army Field Band.--Vacant.

            DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, G-1 (DCS, G-1) (PERSONNEL)

        300 Army Pentagon, Room 2E446, Washington, DC 20310-0300

                          phone (703) 697-8060

Deputy Chief of Staff.--LTG James C. McConville.
    Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff.--Roy A. Wallace (703) 692-1585.
    Executive Officer.--COL Mark Rado (703) 697-2893.
    Military Assistant.--MAJ Adam Smith (703) 614-1862.
    Executive Assistant.--Deborah Van Heest (703) 697-8060.
    Director, Assistant G-1 for Civilian Personnel.--Jay Aronowitz (703) 
        695-5701.
    Director, Army Resiliency.--Sharyn Saunders (703) 571-7357.
    Director, Human Systems Integration.--Dr. Michael Drillings (703) 
        695-6761.
    Director, Military Personnel Management.--MG Thomas Seamands (703) 
        695-5871.
    Director, Plans and Resources.--Dr. Robert Steinrauf (703) 697-5263.
    Director, Sexual Harassment, Assault and Response Prevention.--
        Monique Ferrell (703) 695-5568.
    Director, Technology and Business Architecture Integration.--Jeanne 
        Brooks (703) 614-5138.

Field Operating Agencies
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Human Resources Command.--MG Richard 
        P. Mustion (502) 613-8844.
    Director, U.S. Army Civilian Human Resources Agency.--Rhonda K. Diaz 
        (410) 306-1701.


[[Page 645]]



          DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, G-2 (DCS, G-2) (INTELLIGENCE)

        1000 Army Pentagon, Room 2E408, Washington, DC 20310-1000

                phone (703) 695-3033, fax (703) 697-7605

Deputy Chief of Staff.--LTG Mary A. Legere.
    Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff.--Jeffrey N. Rapp.
    Military Deputy.--MG William F. Duffy.
    Executive Officer.--COL Jim Lee.
    Executive Assistant.--Anne H. Fesmire.

Direct Reporting Unit
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command.--MG 
        George J. Franz III.

           DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, G-3 (DCS, G-3) (OPERATIONS)

        400 Army Pentagon, Room 2E670, Washington, DC 20310-0400

                phone (703) 695-2904, fax (703) 697-4660

Deputy Chief of Staff.--LTG James L. Huggins, Jr.
    Assistant Deputy Chief.--Dr. David M. Markowitz (703) 692-7883.
    Military Assistant Deputy Chief.--MG Gary H. Cheek (703) 697-5180.
    Executive Officer.--COL Ryan J. Kuhn (703) 697-4521.
    Executive Assistant.--LTC Christopher L. Smith (703) 695-3447.
    Director, Capabilities and Integration.--Peter Bechtel (703) 614-
        9120.
    Director, Operations, Readiness, and Mobilization.--BG Ryan F. 
        Gonsalves (703) 695-0526.
    Director, Strategy, Plans, and Policy.--MG William C. Hix (703) 692-
        8805.
    Director, Training.--BG JP ``Pete'' Johnson.

Field Operating Agencies
    Director, U.S. Army Force Management Support Agency.--BG Roger L. 
        Cloutier (703) 693-3227.
    Director, U.S. Army Command and Control Support Agency.--COL Kenneth 
        A. Stevens (703) 697-1245
    Director, U.S. Army Nuclear and Combating WMD Agency.--Daniel M. 
        Klippstein (703) 614-2670.

            DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, G-4 (DCS, G-4) (LOGISTICS)

        500 Army Pentagon, Room 1E394, Washington, DC 20310-0500

                phone (703) 695-4104, fax (703) 692-0759

Deputy Chief of Staff.--LTG Gustave F. Perna.
    Assistant Deputy Chief.--Kathleen S. Miller (703) 697-9138.
    Assistant Deputy Chief / Operations.--MG Dwayne A. Gamble (703) 697-
        5032.
    Executive Officer.--COL Charles Hamilton (703) 697-9039.
    Executive Assistant.--Torwanna D. Herbert (703) 695-4102.
    Director, Force Projection and Distribution.--COL David G. Touznsky, 
        room 1E380 (703) 697-2281.
    Director, Logistics Information Management.--Alexander B. Raulerson, 
        room 1E391 (703) 695-6160.
    Director, Operations and Logistics Readiness.--Carlos D. Morrison, 
        room 1E367 (703) 697-8007.
    Director, Maintenance Policy, Programs and Processes.--Christopher 
        J. Lowman, room 1E360 (703) 693-1624.
    Director, Resource Management.--John A. ``Art'' Hagler, room 1E380 
        (703) 693-1900.
    Director, Strategy and Integration.--COL Christopher J. Sharpsten, 
        room 1E369 (703) 692-5127.
    Director, Supply Policy, Programs and Processes.--Michael B. 
        Cervone, room 1E360 (703) 693-1584.

Field Operating Agency
    Director, U.S. Army Logistics Innovation Agency.--Michael K. 
        Williams (703) 805-5440.


[[Page 646]]



            DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, G-8 (DCS, G-8) (PROGRAMS)

        700 Army Pentagon, Room 3E406, Washington, DC 20310-0700

                phone (703) 697-8232, fax (703) 697-8242

Deputy Chief of Staff.--LTG Anthony R. Ierardi.
    Assistant Deputy Chief.--Donald C. Tison (703) 692-9099.
    Executive Officer.--COL Neil E. Fitzpatrick (703) 697-8232.
    Executive Assistant.--Jessica M. Collins (703) 697-8236.
    Director, Force Development.--MG Robert M. Dyess, Jr. (703) 692-
        7707.
    Director, Program Analysis and Evaluation.--MG John G. Ferrari (703) 
        697-1475.
    Director, Quadrennial Defense Review.--BG Frank M. Muth (703) 695-
        8997.

Field Operating Agency
    Director, U.S. Army Center for Army Analysis.--Dr. William F. Crain 
        (703) 806-5510.

                    DIRECTOR OF THE ARMY STAFF (DAS)

        202 Army Pentagon, room 3E663, Washington, DC 20310-0202

                phone (703) 693-7710, fax (703) 695-6117

Director of the Army Staff.--LTG William T. Grisoli.
    Vice Director.--Steven J. Redmann, room 3D644 (703) 695-0294.
    Executive Officer.--COL Thomas C. Hawn (703) 693-7710.
    Executive Assistant.--Jill D. Goetz (703) 695-6117.

Field Operating Agency
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Combat Readiness / Safety Center.--BG 
        Jeffrey A. Farnsworth (334) 255-9360.

                      PROVOST MARSHAL GENERAL (PMG)

       2800 Army Pentagon, room 1E596, Washington, DC 203103-2800

                phone (703) 692-6966, fax (703) 614-5628

Provost Marshal General.--MG Mark S. Inch.
    Deputy.--COL Dan McElroy  (703) 692-7290.
    Executive Officer.--COL Eugenia K. Guilmartin (703) 692-6970.
    Chief of Staff.--Herman ``Tracy'' Williams III (703) 692-6829.
    Executive Assistant.--Meribeth M. Puckett (703) 695-4036.

Direct Reporting Unit
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command.--MG 
        Mark S. Inch.

Field Operating Agencies
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Corrections Command.--MG Mark S. Inch.
    Director, Defense Forensics and Biometrics Agency.--Donald G. Salo, 
        Jr. (703) 571-0507.

                OFFICE OF SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS (OSBP)

        106 Army Pentagon, Room 3B514, Washington, DC 20310-0106

                phone (703) 697-2868, fax (703) 693-3898

Director.--Tommy L. Marks.
    Deputy / Executive Officer.--James C. Lloyd (acting), (703) 693-
        6113.
    Executive Assistant.--Veronica Atkinson (703) 697-2868.

                       THE INSPECTOR GENERAL (TIG)

        1700 Army Pentagon, Room 3E588, Washington, DC 20310-1700

                phone (703) 695-1500, fax (703) 614-5628

The Inspector General.--LTG David E. Quantock.

[[Page 647]]

    Deputy Inspector General.--MG James H. Dickinson (703) 695-1501.
    Executive Officer.--COL Joe Tyler (703) 695-1502.
    Executive Assistant.--MSG John Marshall (703) 695-1500.

Field Operating Agency
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Inspector General Agency.--LTG David 
        E. Quantock.

                    THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL (TJAG)

        2200 Army Pentagon, Room 3E542, Washington, DC 20310-2200

                phone (703) 697-5151, fax (703) 697-1059

The Judge Advocate General.--LTG Flora D. Darpino.
    Deputy Judge Advocate General.--MG Thomas E. Ayres (703) 693-5112.
    Executive Officer.--COL George R. Smawley (703) 695-3786.
    Executive Assistant.--Cindy G. Mitchell (703) 697-5151.

Field Operating Agencies
    Commander, U.S. Army Legal Services Agency.--BG Charles N. Pede 
        (703) 693-1100.
    Commander / Commandant, U.S. Army Judge Advocate General's Legal 
        Center and School.--BG Stuart W. Risch (434) 971-3301.

                        THE SURGEON GENERAL (TSG)

      7700 Arlington Boulevard, Defense Health Headquarters (DHHQ)

    Falls Church, VA 22042, phone (703) 681-3000, fax (703) 681-3167

The Surgeon General.--LTG Patricia D. Horoho.
    Deputy.--MG Joseph Caravalho, Jr. (703) 681-3002.
    Chief of Staff.--Uldric L. ``Ric'' Fiore, Jr. (703) 681-9514.
    Executive Officer.--COL William Stubbs (703) 681-3004.
    Executive Assistant.--LTC John E. White (703) 695-1647.
    Command Sergeant Major.--CSM Gerald C. Ecker (703) 681-8046.
    Operations Center.--Duty Officer-in-Charge (703) 681-8052.

Direct Reporting Unit
    Commanding General, U.S. Army Medical Command.--LTG Patricia D. 
        Horoho.

                              ARMY COMMANDS

                   U.S. ARMY FORCES COMMAND (FORSCOM)

               4700 Knox Street, Fort Bragg, NC 28310-5000

                phone (910) 570-5052, fax (910) 570-1971

Commanding General.--GEN Mark A. Milley.
    Deputy Commanding General.--LTG Patrick J. Donahue (910) 570-5001.
    Chief of Staff.--MG Jimmie Jaye Wells (910) 570-5002.
    Executive Officer.--COL Matt McFarlane (910) 570-5053.
    Command Sergeant Major.--CSM Scott C. Shroeder (910) 570-5045.
    Secretary of the General Staff.--COL Vincent D. Thompson (910) 570-
        5004.
    Operations Center.--COL Larry A. Jackson (910) 570-6765.
    Staff Action Control Officers.--Greg W. Tegg (910) 570-5040; Annette 
        Taiwo (910) 570-5041.
    Liaison Office (Washington, DC): Jennifer Bhartiya (703) 697-2252; 
        LTC Bryce D. Pringle. (703) 697-2591.

[[Page 648]]

            U.S. ARMY TRAINING AND DOCTRINE COMMAND (TRADOC)

            950 Jefferson Avenue, Fort Eustis, VA 23604-5700

                phone (757) 501-6469, fax (757) 501-6576

Commanding General.--GEN David G. Perkins.
    Executive Officer.--COL Antonio A. Aguto, Jr. (757) 501-6472.
    Deputy Commanding General / Chief of Staff.--LTG Kevin W. Mangum 
        (757) 501-6478.
    Executive Officer.--COL James A. Rupkalvis (757) 501-6466.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--MG Rex A. Spitler (757) 501-6495.
    Executive Officer.--LTC Daniel L. Leex (757) 501-6485.
    Command Sergeant Major.--CSM David S. Davenport, Sr. (acting), (757) 
        501-6464.
    Secretary of the General Staff.--Radames Cornier, Jr. (757) 501-
        5204.
    Director, G-33 / Operations Center.--James G. Lynch (757) 501-5094.

                    U.S. ARMY MATERIEL COMMAND (AMC)

            4400 Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-5000

                phone (256) 450-6000, fax (256) 450-8833

Commanding General.--GEN Dennis L. Via.
Deputy Commanding General.--LTG Patricia E. McQuistion (256) 450-6100.
Executive Deputy Commanding General.--John B. Nerger (256) 450-6200.
    Chief of Staff.--BG Edward M. Daly (256) 450-7867.
    Executive Officer.--COL David Wilson (256) 450-6005.
    Command Sergeant Major.--CSM James K. Sims (256) 450-6300.
    Secretary of the General Staff.--LTC Monica Y. Robinson (256) 450-
        6440.
    Operations Center.--Duty Officer-in-Charge (256) 450-9496.

                     ARMY SERVICE COMPONENT COMMANDS

                             LIAISON OFFICES

                     Pentagon, Washington, DC 203100

    U.S. Army Africa / Southern European Task Force (USARAF / SETAF).--
        COL Patrick T. Sullivan, room 3D513 (571) 256-1803.
    U.S. Army Central (USARCENT): Hank Foresman, room 2B475A4 (703) 693-
        4033; Mark R. Seeger, room 2B485 (703) 693-4035.
    U.S. Army Europe (USAREUR).--Timothy C. Touzinsky, room 1E1074 (703) 
        692-6886.
    U.S. Army North (USARNORTH).--John D. Nelson, room 2B485 (703) 692-
        6893.
    U.S. Army Pacific (USARPAC).--Robert Ralston, room 2B485 (703) 693-
        4082.
    U.S. Army South (USARSO).--LTC Phil Johnson, room 2D337 (703) 692-
        8221.
    U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command / Army Strategic Command 
        (SMCD / ARSTRAT): Christine Kral (703) 614-9592, room 2D831; COL 
        Clark H. Risner (703) 614-9593.
    Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command (SDDC): COL 
        Riley Cheramie (703) 571-9708; Melissa Higginbotham (703) 571-
        9710, room 2B858.

            JOINT FORCE HEADQUARTERS-NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION

          AND MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON (JFHQ-NCR / MDW)

        102 3rd Avenue, Building 39, Fort Lesley J. McNair, 20319

                phone (202) 685-2807, fax (202) 685-3481

Commanding General.--MG Jeffrey S. Buchanan.
    Executive Officer.--LTC Aaron L. Freeman  (202) 685-2817.
    Aide de Camp.--CPT Travis N. Reinold (202) 685-2807.
    Deputy Commander.--Egon F. Hawrylak (202) 685-1949.
    JTF Deputy.--RDML Markham K. Rich (202) 433-2777.
    Command Sergeant Major.--CSM David O. Turnbull (202) 685-2923.
    Chief of Staff.--COL Mark Bertolini (202) 685-2812.
    Secretary of the General Staff.--Corey R. Langenwalter (202) 685-
        0640.

[[Page 649]]

                  U.S. ARMY SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND

                        Fort Bragg, NC 28310-5200

                phone (910) 432-3000, fax (910) 432-4243

Commanding General.--LTG Charles T. Cleveland.
    Deputy Commanding General.--MG Clarence K. Chinn (910) 432-6622.
    Chief of Staff.--COL Patrick B. Roberson (910) 432-9861.
    Command Sergeant Major.--George A. Bequer (910) 432-0946.
    Secretary of the General Staff.--Charles E. Pimble (910) 432-7001.

[[Page 651]]



                                     

                         DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY

                Pentagon 20350-1000, phone (703) 695-3131

                   OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY

               Pentagon, Room 4E686, phone (703) 695-3131

Secretary of the Navy.--Ray Mabus.
    Confidential Assistant.--J. Scarbrough.
    Executive Assistant.--CAPT L. Franchetti, USN.
    Special Assistant.--T. Oppel.
    Administrative Aide.--CDR V. Burks, USN, 695-5410.
    Marine Personal Aide.--MAJ J. Livingston, USMC, 614-3100.
    Navy Personal Aide.--LCDR K. Jones, USN, 614-6473.
    Special Assistant for Public Affairs.--CAPT P. Kunze, 697-7491.
    Senior Military Assistant.--COL K. Heckl, USMC.

                OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF THE NAVY

               Pentagon, Room 4E720, phone (703) 695-3141

Under Secretary of the Navy.--Vacant.
    Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--Vacant.
    Executive Assistant and Marine Aide.--COL Ronald Jones.
    Special Assistant.--Vacant.
    Administrative Assistants: YN1 Granville Johns, SSgt Mauricio 
        Tellez.

                             GENERAL COUNSEL

               Pentagon, Room 4E782, phone (703) 614-1994

General Counsel.--Hon. Paul L. Oostburg Sanz.
    Principal Deputy General Counsel.--Anne Brennan, 614-8733.
    Executive Assistant and Special Counsel.--CAPT Gordon Modari, JAGC, 
        USN.
    Associate General Counsel for--
        Litigation.--R. Borro, Washington Navy Yard, Building 36 (202) 
            685-6989.
        Deputy General Counsel.--Thomas Ledvina, room 4E791, 614-6870.
    Assistant General Counsel for--
        Ethics.--Joel Weger (acting), room 4D641, 614-7425.
        Manpower and Reserve Affairs.--R. Woods, room 4D548, 614-1377.
        Research, Development and Acquisition.--Tom Frankfurt, room 
            4C682, 614-6985.
    Military Assistant.--Lt. Col. Stephen Stewartl, USMC, room 4E782, 
        692-6164.
    Administrative Assistant.--LT John Erickson, USN, room 4E782, 693-
        7813.

                         NAVAL INSPECTOR GENERAL

 Washington Navy Yard, 1254 9th Street, SE., Building 172, 20374, phone 
                             (202) 433-2000

Inspector General.--VADM James P. Wisecup.
    Deputy Naval Inspector General.--Andrea Brotherton.

                     U.S. NAVY OFFICE OF INFORMATION

          1200 Navy Pentagon, Room 4B463, Phone (703) 697-7391

                           Duty (703) 850-1047

Chief of Information (CI).--RDML John F. Kirby.
    Vice Chief of Information (VCI).--RDML Vic M. Beck.
    Deputy, Chief of Information (DCI).--CAPT Dawn E. Cutler.
    Executive Assistant to Chief of Information (EA).--CDR Tamara D. 
        Lawrence.
    Flag Aide to Chief of Information.--LT Rebecca Rebarich.

[[Page 652]]

    Senior Enlisted Advisor (SEA).--MCPO Jon McMillan.
    Staff Senior Enlisted Leader (SEL).--CPO Cody Harmon.
    Flag Writer-PO1.--Juan P. Cisneros.
    Assistant Chief for--
        Administration and Resource Management (OI-1).--William Mason, 
            692-4747.
        Afloat Media Systems (OI-7).--Janet Quigley (202) 781-3313.
        Communication Integration and Strategy (OI-9).--CDR Elissa 
            Smith, 692-4728.
        Community Outreach (OI-6).--Rob Newell, 614-1879.
        Defense Media Activity (DMA) Liaison (OI-4).--LCDR David Luckett 
            (301) 222-6401.
        Media Operations (OI-3).--CDR Ryan Perry, 697-5342.
        Navy Media Content Services (OI-2).--Chris Madden, 614-9154.
        Requirements and Policy (OI-8).--Bruce Cole, 695-0911.

                         JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL

                          Pentagon, Room 4C 642

   Washington Navy Yard, 1322 Patterson Avenue, Suite 3000, 20374-5066

                phone (703) 614-7420, fax (703) 697-4610

Judge Advocate General.--VADM Nanette M. DeRenzi.
    Executive Assistant.--CAPT David Grogan.
    Deputy Judge Advocate General.--RADM James W. Crawford III.
    Executive Assistant to the Deputy Judge Advocate General.--CDR 
        Laurin Eskridge.
    Assistant Judge Advocate General for Civil Law.--CAPT Kirk R. 
        Foster, Pentagon, room 4D640, 614-7415, fax 614-9400.
    Deputy Assistant Judge Advocate General for--
        Administrative Law.--CAPT Scott Thompson, 614-7415.
        Admiralty.--CAPT Anne B. Fischer (202) 685-5075.
        Claims, Investigations and Tort Litigation.--Patricia A. Leonard 
            (202) 685-4600, fax 685-5484.
        General Litigation.--Grant Lattin (202) 685-5450, fax 685-5472.
        International and Operational Law.--CAPT Stuart W. Belt, 697-
            5406.
        Legal Assistance.--CDR Andrew R. House (202) 685-4642, fax 685-
            5486.
        National Security Litigation and Intelligence Law.--CDR Andrew 
            Levitz (202) 685-5464, fax 685-5467.
    Assistant Judge Advocate General for Military Justice.--COL John 
        Ewers, USMC, Building 58, 3rd Floor, Washington Navy Yard, 
        20374-1111 (202) 685-7053, fax 685-7084.
    Deputy Assistant Judge Advocate General for Criminal Law.--CAPT 
        Robert J. Crow, USN (202) 685-7056, fax 685-7687.
    Assistant Judge Advocate General for Operations and Management.--
        CAPT John Hannink (202) 685-5190, fax 685-8510.
    Deputy Assistant Judge Advocate General for--
        Military Personnel.--CAPT Mark F. Klein (202) 685-7254, fax 685-
            5489.
        Reserve and Retired Personnel Programs.--LCDR Kathleen A. Elkins 
            (202) 685-5397, fax 685-8510.
        Technology, Operations and Plans.--CDR Melissa Powers (202) 685-
            5230, fax 
            685-5479.
    Special Assistants to the Judge Advocate General--
        Command Master Chief.--LNCM Paul C. St. Sauver (202) 685-5194, 
            fax 685-8510.
        Comptroller.--Dawn C. Rooney (202) 685-5274, fax 685-5455.
        Inspector General.--Vacant (202) 685-5192, fax 685-5461.

                           LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

             Room 4C549, phone (703) 697-7146, fax 697-1009

Chief.--RADM Michael Franken.
    Deputy Chief.--CAPT Mark Davis.
    Executive Assistant.--LCDR Micah Murphy.
    Congressional Information and Public Affairs.--CDR Gary Ross, 695-
        0395.
    Congressional Operations.--Dee Wingfield, 693-5764.
    Director for--
        House Liaison.--CAPT Paul Gronemeyer (202) 225-7808.
            Assistant House Liaison.--LCDR Jason Grizzle (202) 225-3075.
        Legislation.--CDR Dom Flatt, 697-2851.

[[Page 653]]

        Naval Programs.--Tom Crowley, 693-2919.
        Senate Liaison.--CAPT James Loeblein (202) 685-6006.
            Assistant Senate Liaison.--CDR Mike Vitali (202) 685-6007.

      ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND COMPTROLLER

               Pentagon, Room 4E618, phone (703) 697-2325

Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--CAPT Daniel H. Fillion, USN.
    Military Assistant and Marine Aide.--MAJ Edna Rodriguez, USMC.
    Director, Office of:
        Budget.--RADM Joseph R. Mulloy, USN, room 4E348, 697-7105.
        Financial Operations.--D. Taitano, WNY (202) 685-6701.

      ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ENERGY, INSTALLATIONS AND ENVIRONMENT

               Pentagon, Room 4E739, phone (703) 693-4530

Assistant Secretary.--Vacant.
    Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--CAPT Yancy Lindsey.
    Confidential Assistant.--Sgt Karl Strong.
    Military Aide.--LCDR Ben Wainwright.
    Principal Deputy for Energy, Installations and Environment.--Roger 
        Natsuhara, room 4E739, 693-4530.
    Assistant General Counsel.--Craig Jensen, 614-1098.
    Deputy of:
        Energy.--Tom Hicks (571) 256-7879.
        Environment.--D. Schregardus, 614-5493.
        Safety.--Paul Hanley, 614-5516.

          ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR MANPOWER AND RESERVE AFFAIRS

               Pentagon, Room 4E598, phone (703) 695-4333

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Juan M. Garcia, room 4E598, 695-4333.
    Principal Deputy.--Robert Cali, room 4E598, 692-6162.
    Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--CAPT Michael Selby, room 4E598, 
        695-4537.
    Military Assistant and Marine Aide.--COL Samuel Mowery, room 4E598, 
        697-0975.
    Secretary.--Antonio Sturgis, room 4E598, 695-4333.
    Administrative Officer.--Michael Stokes, room 4E590, 697-2179.
    Administrative Chief.--YNC Tyrone Pierce, room 4E590, 695-6472.
    Administrative Assistant.--Sgt Peter Barko, room 4E590, 614-4439.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of:
        Civilian Human Resources.--Patricia C. Adams, room 4D548, 695-
            2633.
        Manpower Personnel Policy.--Dr. Russell W. Beland, room 4D548, 
            693-1213.
        Reserve Affairs.--Dennis Biddick, room 4D548, 614-1327.

             SECRETARY OF THE NAVY COUNCIL OF REVIEW BOARDS

   Washington Navy Yard, 720 Kennon Street, SE., Room 309, 20374-5023

                   phone (202) 685-6408, fax 685-6610

Director.--Jeffrey Riehl.
    Counsel.--Roger R. Claussen.
    Office Administrator.--Reginald B. Clark.
    Physical Evaluation Board.--Robert Powers.
    Naval Clemency and Parole Board.--Randall Lamoureux.
    Naval Discharge Review Board.--John D. Reeser.
    Combat-Related Special Compensation Board.--Leif Larsen.
    Board of Decorations and Medals.--James Nierle.

      ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND ACQUISITION

               Pentagon, Room 4E665, phone (703) 695-6315

Assistant Secretary.--Hon. Sean J. Stackley.

[[Page 654]]

    Special Assistant.--Candy R. Hearn.
    Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--CAPT Brian Eckerle, USN.
    Military Assistant and Marine Aide.--LT COL Eldon Metzger, USMC.
    Principal Military Deputy.--VADM Paul Grosklags, USN.
        Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--CAPT Todd Siddall, USN.
    Principal Civilian Deputy.--James Thomsen, 614-6430.
        Executive Assistant and Naval Aide.--CDR Dave Norley, USN.
    Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for--
        Acquisition and Logistics Management.--Elliott Branch, BF992, 
            614-9445.
        Air Programs.--Richard Gilpin, room 4C712, 614-7794.
        C4I and Space Programs.--Dr. John Zangardi, room BF963, 914-
            6589.
        Expeditionary Warfare Programs.--Tom Dee, room 4C712, 614-4794.
        International Programs.--RDML Jim Shannon, WNY (202) 433-5900.
        Management and Budget.--BJ White-Olson, room 4C656, 695-6370.
        Ship Programs.--Allison Stiller, room 4C712, 697-1710.

            DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

Chief Information Officer.--Terry A. Halvorsen, Pentagon, room 4A268 
    (703) 695-1840.

                        CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS

        Pentagon, Room 4E662, phone (703) 695-5664, fax 693-9408

Chief of Naval Operations.--ADM Jonathan Greenert.
    Vice Chief of Naval Operations.--ADM Michelle Howard.
    Judge Advocate General of the Navy.--VADM Nanette M. DeRenzi.
    Directors:
        Naval Criminal Investigative Service.--Andrew Traver.
        Naval Intelligence.--Lynn Wright.
        Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program.--ADM John Richardson.
        Navy Staff.--VADM James Caldwell, Jr.
    Chief of:
        Chaplains.--RADM Margaret Kibben.
        Information.--RDML Dawn Cutler.
        Legislative Affairs.--RADM Craig Faller.
        Navy Reserve.--VADM Robin Braun.
        Surgeon General of the Navy.--VADM Matthew Nathan.
        Oceanographer of the Navy.--RADM Jonathan White.
    Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy.--MCPON Michael Stevens.
    President, Board of Inspection and Survey.--RADM Michael Smith.
    Commander, Naval Education and Training.--VADM William Moran.
    Commander, Naval Safety Center.--RDML Christopher Murray.
    Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for--
        Fleet Readiness and Logistics.--VADM Philip Cullom.
        Integration of Capabilities and Resources.--VADM Joseph Mulloy.
        Manpower, Personnel, Training, and Education.--VADM William 
            Moran.
        Operations, Plans, and Strategy.--RADM Kevin Donegan.
        Warfare Systems.--VADM Joseph Aucoin.

                     BUREAU OF MEDICINE AND SURGERY

     7700 Arlington Boulevard, Suite 5113, Arlington, VA 22042-5113

                   phone (703) 681-5200, fax 681-9527

Chief.--VADM Matthew L. Nathan, MC, USN.

                        MILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND

     914 Charles Morris Court, SE., Washington Navy Yard, 20398-5540

                   phone (202) 685-5001, fax 685-5020

Commander.--RADM Thomas K. Shannon.


[[Page 655]]



              WALTER REED NATIONAL MILITARY MEDICAL CENTER

             8901 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20889-5600

               phone (301) 295-5800 / 5802, fax 295-5336.

Commander.--GEN Jeffrey Clark.

                        NAVAL AIR SYSTEMS COMMAND

   47123 Buse Road, Building 2272, Suite 540, Patuxent River, MD 20670

                          phone (301) 757-7825

Commander.--VADM David A. Dunaway.

            NAVAL CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE HEADQUARTERS

     27130 Telegraph Road, Quantico, VA 22134, phone (571) 305-9000

Director.--Andrew Traver.

                      NAVAL DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON

1343 Dahlgren Avenue, SE., Building 1, 20374-5001, phone (202) 433-2777, 
                              fax 433-2207

Commandant.--RDML Markham K. Rich.
    Chief of Staff.--CAPT Scott F. Adams.

                  NAVAL FACILITIES ENGINEERING COMMAND

      1322 Patterson Avenue, SE., Washington Navy Yard, 20374-5065

                   phone (202) 685-9499, fax 685-1463

Commander.--RADM Katherine L. Gregory, CEC, USN.

                      OFFICE OF NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

4251 Suitland Road, SE., Washington, DC 20020, phone (301) 669-3001, fax 
                                669-3509

Commander.--RADM Elizabeth Train.

                        NAVAL SEA SYSTEMS COMMAND

1333 Isaac Hull Avenue, SE., Stop 1010, Washington Navy Yard, 20376-1010

                          phone (202) 781-0100

Commander.--VADM William H. Hilarides.

                      NAVAL SUPPLY SYSTEMS COMMAND

    5450 Carlisle Pike, Mechanicsburg, PA 17050, phone (717) 605-3433

Commander.--RADM Jon Yuen.

      SPACE AND NAVAL WARFARE SYSTEMS COMMAND SPACE FIELD ACTIVITY

 14675 Lee Road, Chantilly, VA 20151, phone (703) 808-6104, fax 808-8504

Commander.--CAPT Mark Rudesill.

                           U.S. NAVAL ACADEMY

        121 Blake Road, Annapolis, MD 21402, phone (410) 293-1000

Superintendent.--VADM Walter E. ``Ted'' Carter, Jr.


[[Page 656]]



                     U.S. MARINE CORPS HEADQUARTERS

               Pentagon, Room 4E734, phone (703) 614-2500

Commandant.--Gen. J.F. Dunford.
    Assistant Commandant.--Gen. J.M. Paxton, 614-1201.
    Aide-de-Camp.--Lt. Col. D.R. Alonso.
    Chaplain.--RDML B.W. Scott, 614-4627.
    Dental Officer.--Capt. F.R. Leal.
    Fiscal Director of the Marine Corps.--SES A.C. McDermott.
    Inspector General of the Marine Corps.--Vacant, 614-1533.
    Judge Advocate.--Maj. Gen. J.A. Ewers, 614-8661.
    Legislative Assistant.--Brig. Gen. D.J. Furness, 614-1686.
    Medical Officer.--RDML D.A. Lane.
    Military Secretary.--Col. M.S. Cederholm.
    Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps.--Sgt. Maj. R.L. Green, 614-8762.
    Deputy Commandant of Marine Corps for--
        Aviation.--Lt. Gen. J.M. Davis, 614-1010.
        Installations and Logistics.--Lt. Gen. W.M. Faulkner, 695-8572.
        Manpower and Reserve Affairs.--Vacant, 695-1929.
        Plans, Policies, and Operations.--Lt. Gen. R.L. Bailey, 614-
            8521.
        Programs and Resources.--Lt. Gen. G.M. Walters, 614-3435.
        Public Affairs.--Col. D.A. Lapan, 614-8010.
    Director of:
        Intelligence.--Brig. Gen. M.S. Groen.
        Marine Corps History and Museums.--Dr. C.P. Neimeyer.

                             MARINE BARRACKS

         Eighth and I Streets, SE., 20390, phone (202) 433-4094

Commanding Officer.--Col. B.T. Watson.

                     TRAINING AND EDUCATION COMMAND

  3300 Russell Road, Quantico, VA 22134, phone (703) 784-3730, fax 784-
                                  3724

Commanding General.--Maj. Gen. J.W. Lukeman.



