

Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), December 2001. - 


Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), December 2001.
[Pages 983-1007]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]



                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director--Lawrence J. 
                                                Janezich
                                            Deputy Director--Jane Ruyle
                                            Senior Media Coordinator--
                                                Michael Lawrence
                                            Media Coordinator--Gloria 
                                                Halcomb
                                            Media Coordinator--Michael 
                                                Mastrian
                                            Assistant Media 
                                                Coordinator--Sara 
                                                Robertson

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

                                            Director--Tina Tate
                                            Deputy Director--Beverly 
                                                Braun
                                            Assistant for Administrative 
                                                Operations--Gail Davis
                                            Assistant for Technical 
                                                Operations--Olga Ramirez 
                                                Kornacki
                                            Assistant--Andrew Elias
                                            Assistant--Gerald Rupert

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Evelyn L. Thomas, CBS News, 
                                                Chair
                                            Ted Barrett, CNN
                                            John Bisney, CNN Radio
                                            Jamie Dupree, Cox 
                                                Broadcasting
                                            Dave McConnell, WTOP Radio
                                            Annie Tin, C-SPAN
                                            Michael Viqueira, NBC News
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of Senate wing of the Capitol. Applicants 
shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, television 
stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which they are 
employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, if any. 
Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in the 
prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they 

[[Page 984]]

do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information to any organization, individual, 
or group of individuals for the influencing of prices on any commodity 
or stock exchange; that they will not do so during the time they retain 
membership in the galleries. Holders of visitors' cards who may be 
allowed temporary admission to the galleries must conform to all the 
restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the Radio and Television 
Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant conforms to the foregoing 
regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                           Christopher Dodd,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 985]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION
             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abarinov, Vladimir: Radio Free Europe

Abbott, Kimberly: CNN

Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

Abe, Takaaki: Nippon TV Network

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Ackerman, Thomas: A.H. Belo Capitol

Acklin, Deborah: National Geographic Channel

Adams, Douglas A.: NBC News

Adams, James M.: NBC-4

Adlerblum, Robin: CBS News

Adrian, Ulrich: German Television/ARD

Adrine, Lynne: ABC News

Advani, Reena: National Public Radio

Agarwal, Amit: C-SPAN

Ahlers, Michael M.: CNN

Ahn, Jaehoon: Radio Free Asia

Aiken, Jonathan F: CNN

Akassy, Hugues-Denver: Orbite Newsmagazine

Albano, Thomas: CBS News

Albert, Joel: NBC-TV Stations

Alberter, William: CNN/TVS

Alexander, Kenny: C-SPAN

Alexander, Scott: Fox News Channel

Ali Saleem, Syad Haider: Min Washington, Inc.

Aliaga, Julio E.: CNN

Alkhafaji, Emad: APTN

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Darrell: Worldnet Television

Allen, Laura-Ashley: National Geographic Channel

Allen, Maric: National Geographic Channel

Allen, Michael: NBC-4

Allen, Robert: CBN News

Alnwick, Melanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Alrowi, Khaldoren: APTN

Alvarez, Rocio: Hispanic Radio Network

Alvey, Jay: NBC-4

Ambrose, Nancy: CNN

Amirault-Michel, Theresa L.: C-SPAN

Ammerman, Stuart: CBS News

Anastasi, Patrick G.: NBC News

Andersen-Strothe, Angela: German Television/ARD

Anderson, Charles: CNN/TVS

Anderson, Fiona: British Broadcasting Corporation

Anderson, Jason W.: CNN

Anderson, Kevin: British Broadcasting Corporation

Anderson, Regena: C-SPAN

Anderson, Scott: CNN

Andes, Jennifer: Associated Press Broadcast

Andrews, Nancy: C-SPAN

Andrews, Wyatt: CBS News

Angle, James: Fox News Channel

Annaheim, Brett: C-SPAN

Anthony, Farris: CNN

Anthony, Karyn: CBS News

Antonini, Roberto: Swiss Broadcasting

Apokis, Dimitrios: New Greek Television

Arcega, Milandro: NBC-4

Archer-Melville, Chris: Black Entertainment Television

Ardin, Milagros: WMAL Radio

Arena, Bruno: Arena Productions

Arena, Kelli: CNN

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Aridi, Sal: AP-Broadcast

Arjoonsingh, Lakshmi: WAMU-FM

Armand, John: NBC News

Armfield, Robert Ward: Fox News Channel

Armstrong, Anna: CNN

Armstrong, Patricia: ABC News

Armstrong, Phyllis: WUSA-TV

Armwood, Adrian: CBS News

Arndts, Ulrich: German Television/ARD

Arobaga, Mary: Worldnet Television

Arrington, Percy: NBC News

Arsenault, Adrienne: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Arthur, Tori: CONUS Communications

Aryankalayil, Babu: Feature Story Productions

Asher, Julie: Fox News Channel

Ashton, Hillary: C-SPAN

Aspery, Gregory: Tribune Broadcasting

Atkinson, Deborah: C-SPAN

Atkinson, Rodney S.: CNN/TVS

Attkisson, Sharyl: CBS News

Aubrey, Allison: National Public Radio

Aubuchon, John: Maryland Public Television

Aug, Stephen: Nightly Business Report

Augenbraum, Marc: APTN

Augenstein, Neal: WTOP Radio

Autrey, Steven: CBN News

Avery, John C.: Black Entertainment Television

Ayers, Kimberly Gail: National Geographic Channel

Ayling, Martin: Sky News

Azato, Dennis: Energy News Line

Babington-Heina, Martin: NBC-4

Bacheler, David F.: CNN/TVS

Bachenheimer, Stephan: SAT.1 German Television

Bachmann, Thorsten: ARD German Television

Baek, Su-Hyeon: Seoul Broadcasting System

Baer, Elisha: NewsChannel 8

Baer, Jonathan: National Public Radio

[[Page 986]]

Bagnato, Barry: CBS News

Baham, Todd: C-SPAN

Bailey, Julia Holmes: National Public Radio

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

Bakazar, Alejandra: CME-TV

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

Baker, Craig: CONUS Communications

Baker, Glenn: America's Defense Monitor

Baker, Les: Fox News Channel

Balderas, J. Israel: Tech-TV

Baldwin, Lorna: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Ball, Joe: Al Jazeera Satellite Channel

Ballard, Carl: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Ballou, Jeffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Baltimore, Dennis E.: APTN

Bammesberger, Cornelia: Deutsche Welle TV

Banegas, Al: A.H. Belo Capitol

Banes, Hildegard: ORF-Austrian Radio

Banionis, Asta: Radio Free Europe

Banker, Stephen: Comm*Tech News

Banks, Mark: ABC News

Banks-Wilson, Katherine: NBC-4

Bannigan, Michael: CNN/TVS

Banville, David: CNN

Banville, Lee M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Barber, Gregory J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Barber, William: WETA-TV

Barbin, Wayne: HealthWeek

Barker, Edward: C-SPAN

Barnard, Bob: WTTG-Fox Television

Barnes, Peter: Tech-TV

Barnett, Christina-Marie: Hearst-Argyle Television

Barnett, James: CNN

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barreda, Eric: American Investigator Television

Barrett, Ted: CNN

Barry, Calvin: WETA-TV

Bartlett, Cameron C.: NBC News Channel

Bartlett, Scott: The Washington Bureau

Bartlett, Stephen Y.: The Washington Bureau

Barton, Joylane E.: The Washington Bureau

Bascom, Jon: ABC News

Bash, Dana: CNN

Basinger, Stuart L.: Fox News Channel

Baskerville, Jennifer: CNN

Baskerville, Kia: CBS News

Baskin, Kara: NBC News

Baskin, Roberta: ABC News

Bassal, Susan: CNN

Basu, Arin: Radio Free Asia

Batten, Rodney: NBC News

Bauer, John H.: ABC News

Bauer, Udo: Deutsche Welle TV

Bauman, Mark: National Geographic Channel

Baumann, Robert: Qwest Digital Media

Baumel, Susan: International Herald Tribue Television

Beall, Gary Glenn: NBC News

Beardsley, Elleanor: TF1-French TV

Beaudin, Emery: Worldnet Television

Beausoleil, Garry: SRN News/Standard

Becker, Bruce C.: Fox News Channel

Becker, Frank K.: WJLA-TV

Becker, Julie: HealthWeek

Beckford, Edward: Washington News Network

Bedard, Marie-Eve: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Beery, Nic; Mobile Video Services

Behrens, Thad: CONUS Communications

Bell, Afrika: C-SPAN

Bell, Bradley: WJLA-TV

Bellone, Dominic: MSNBC/NBC News

Belmar, Adam: Tribune Broadcasting

Bender, Bob: ABC News

Bender, Sharon: A.H. Belo Capitol

Benemelis, Isabel Maria: Hispanic Radio Network

Benjoar, Maurice: Dept. of State TV

Bennett, Shephard B: C-SPAN

Bennett, Tracey: Black Entertainment Television

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Benz, Kathy: CNN

Bergen, Amanda: WTTG-Fox Television

Berger, Catherine: CNN

Berger, Debbie: CNN

Berk, Jay Mitchell: Potomac Television

Berko, Arty: ESPN

Berkowitz, Elisa: WTTG-Fox Television

Berman, David: CNN/TVS

Bernardini, Laura: CNN

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Bhungyal, Bhungyal: Radio Free Asia

Bibb, John James: National Geographic Channel

Bicudo, Pedro: RTP Portuguese Public Television

Bierbauer, Charles: CNN

Biggar, Kristen: CNN

Bintrim, Tim: CNN/TVS

Bisney, John: CNN

Black, Gary: CNN/TVS

Blackman, Jay: NBC News

Blackman, John: NBC News

Blackman, Keith: NBC News

Blake-Nazzard, Stephanie: Associated Press Broadcast

Blakeslee, Carol: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Blakey, Rea: CNN

Blakley, Jonathan: AP-Broadcast

Blanche, Robert: CBS News

Blandburg, Victor: WJLA-TV

Blatter, Christiane: German Television/ZDF

Blaustein, Evan: CBS News

Blaz, Tom: WMAL Radio

Blitzer, Wolf: CNN

Bloch, Rebecca: CNN

Block, Maximilian: National Geographic Channel

Bloom, Herb: NBC-TV Stations

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

[[Page 987]]

Blount, Jeffery: NBC News

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bogley, John: Metro Teleproductions

Bohannon, Camille: AP-Broadcast

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Bolter, Brian: WTTG-Fox Television

Booker, Landra: Cox Broadcasting

Boone, Monica Shuman: ABC News

Borniger, Charles: German Television/ARD

Borniger, Herta: German Television/ARD

Bortz, Gunnar: German Television/ZDF

Borzage, Frank E.: F.E.B. Video Productions

Boskent-Norris, Amanda: CNN/TVS

Boswell, Elizabeth: Fox News Channel

Boughton, Bryan: Fox News Channel

Bowen, Timothy: WETA-TV

Bowman, Laurel: NBC News

Boyd, Forrest J.: United News & Information

Boyd, Janet: Fox News Channel

Boyd, John D.: NBC News

Boyd, Wayne: ABC News

Boyle, Molly: Potomac Television

Brafman-Helf, Michelle: Ventana Productions

Bragale, Charles: NBC-4

Bramson, Robert E.: ABC News

Branche, Glennwood: ABC News

Brandkamp, Jonathan: Voice of America Techn

Brannock, Michael: C-SPAN

Bransford, Fletcher: Fox News Channel

Braun, Sheara: CNN

Brawner, Donald: WETA-TV

Brazda, Marcia: HealthWeek

Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

Brennan, Bill: CNN

Brennan, Patrick F.: CNN

Brennan, William: CNN

Breslow, Peter: National Public Radio

Briddle, Michael: C-SPAN

Brieger, Annette: German Television/ZDF

Briggs, ELizabeth: Tribune Broadcasting

Brislin, Ray: CNN

Brisson, Stephane: CTV Television Network

Britt, Barbara: ABC News Radio

Brittain, Becky: CNN

Brock, Alan Matthew: NewsChannel 8

Brock, Norris: National Geographic Channel

Brod, Constance: C-SPAN

Brody, Stephen: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Broleman, Michael D.: Potomac TV Communications

Broleman, Mike: Hearst-Argyle Television

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Brosius, Teddy: Ventana Productions

Brown, Alma Dale: NBC News

Brown, Christopher: NBC News

Brown, Dwight: ABC News

Brown, Edgar W.: Fox News Channel

Brown, Henry: ABC News

Brown, Jeffrey: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Karen E.: NewsChannel 8

Brown, Malcolm: Feature Story Productions

Brown, Marcus: SRN News/Standard

Brown, Maurice: Black Entertainment Television

Brown, Melissa: WJLA-TV

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Robin: HealthWeek

Brown, Tracy Ann: APTN

Bruce, Andrea: CBS News

Bruner, Caroline: Fox News Channel

Bruns, Jayne Hilary: ABC News

Bryant, Aubrey: WUSA-TV

Buchanan, Michael: WUSA-TV

Buchdahl, Hannah: CNN

Buckhorn, Burke: CNN/TVS

Buckland, Carol: CNN

Buckley, Freda: C-SPAN

Bullard, Larry: NBC-4

Bullock, Peter: Reuters Television

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Burch, Kevin: C-SPAN

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burke, James: C-SPAN

Burke, Sean P.: Worldnet Television

Burkholder, Tai: Persephone Productions, Inc.

Burnett, Wilfred G.: Radio Free Asia

Burns, Alison: Cox Broadcasting

Burns, James E.: CNSNews.Com

Burstein, Rachel: NBC News

Bury, Chirs: ABC News

Buschschluter, Siegfried: Deutschland Radio

Bush, Kendal: National Geographic Channel

Busher, Arthur: CBS News

Bushyhead, Julia: CONUS Communications

Butler, Debra Jean: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Butler, Norman: Cox Broadcasting

Butterworth, David: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Byne, Barbara: WETA-TV

Byrd, Kevin: WTTG-Fox Television

Byrne, Joseph J.: Talk Radio News Service

Byrne, Matthew: CNN

Cabrera, Gilberto: Associated Press Broadcast

Cady, Steven: CONUS Communications

Calder, William G.: CBS News

Caldwell, Traci L.: CBS News

Calfat, Marcel: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Callan, Elizabeth: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Callender-Scott, Charisse: NewsChannel 8

Cameron, Carl: Fox News Channel

Cameron, Ian: ABC News

Camp, Joseph: WETA-TV

Campbell, Barbara: National Public Radio

Campbell, Christopher: CONUS Communications

Candia, Kirsten: German Television/ZDF

Canipe, LuAnn: WJLA-TV

[[Page 988]]

Canizales, Cesar A.: NBC News Channel

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Caplan, Jane: CNN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Caravello, David: CBS News

Carden, Elizabeth: ABC News

Carey, Douglas: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Carey, Julie: NBC-4

Carlin, Jessica: Mobile Video Services

Carlson, Brett: CONUS Communications

Carlson, Chris: ABC News

Carlson, Jesi: CNN

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Television

Carney, Keith: FedNet

Carpel, Michael: Fox News Channel

Carr, Martin: WETA-TV

Carr, Sean David: CNN

Carrier, Therese: CBN News

Carrillo, Silvio: CNN

Carroll, Patricia: C-SPAN

Carter, Robert Craig: WETA-TV

Carter, Susan: NewsChannel 8

Caruthers, Chrystal: Reuters Television

Carver, Darryl Howard: WJLA-TV

Carver, Tom: British Broadcasting Corporation

Casey, Sean: NBC-4

Caskin, Frank: NBC-4

Cassidy, David Mart: A.H. Belo Capitol

Castelli, Amy: WJLA-TV

Castillo, Sharon: Telemundo Network

Castner, Edward: German Television/ARD

Catrett, David: CNN/TVS

Cavaiola, Michael: C-SPAN

Cavin, Anthony: CBS News

Cecil, Brenda: Qwest Digital Media

Cerniglia, Alex: ABC News

Chaggaris, Steven: CBS News

Chakarabarti, Amitabha: Prasar Bharati Public Broadcasting

Chamberlain, Richard: Tribune Broadcasting

Champ, Henry: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Champagne, Christopher: Radio Free Europe

Chang, Melvin: WTOP Radio

Chang, Nike: Broadcasting Corporation of China

Chaophel, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg TV

Charbonneau, Melissa: CBN News

Charpa, Silvia: Zolcer TV

Charry, Rebecca: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chase, Jennifer: Radio Free Asia

Chattman, Tanya: C-SPAN

Chaytor, David: NewsChannel 8

Chen, Yi Qiu: Video News Services

Cheval, Stephanie: France 2 Television

Chicca, Trish: CNN

Chick, Jane: Reuters Television

Chien, William: Voice of America

Chikata, Kenji: Nippon TV Network

Childers, Dallas: WTTG-Fox Television

Chimes, Arthur: Voice of America

Choi, Chang-Young: Munhawa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC)

Chou, Jennifer: Radio Free Asia

Chris, Black: WashingtonWired.com

Chrisco, Julie: ESPN

Christian, George: CBS News

Chumura, Christopher: CONUS Communications

Chun, Sooil: Radio Free Asia

Chung, Chen-Fang Tina: Chinese Television System

Chung, Hyundak: Seoul Broadcasting System

Chung, Patrice S.: Fox News Channel

Chung: Royd, Persephone Productions: Inc.

Cilberti, David: Tribune Broadcasting

Clapman, Leah: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Clark, James: C-SPAN

Clark, Lisa: NBC News

Clark, Theodore: National Public Radio

Clark-Kelly, Carol Anne: National Public Radio

Clarke, Jim: WJLA-TV

Clarkson, Russell: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Clavijoz, Ernesto: WMDO-TV Univision

Clemann, William: WUSA-TV

Cloherty, Jack: NBC News

Clugston, Gregory: SRN News/Standard

Cochran, John: ABC News

Cockerham, Richard: Fox News Channel

Cocklin, Anne V.: ABC News

Cocklin, Stephen: ABC News

Coffman, Mary: Medill News Service

Cofske, Harvey: Qwest Digital Media

Cogan, Amie: C-SPAN

Cohan, Stacey: WUSA-TV

Cohen, Chad: National Geographic Channel

Cohen, Josh: C-SPAN

Cohen, Stuart: British Broadcasting Corporation

Cohencious, Robert: Native American Television

Colby, Alfred: CBS News

Cole, Bryan: Fox News Channel

Cole, Robert L.: Voice of America

Cole, William: WJLA-TV

Coleman, Carole: RTE News

Coleman, Steven E.: AP-Broadcast

Coles, David: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Collender, Howard: Mobile Video Services

Collier, Robin: CNN

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce: C-SPAN

Collins, Maxine: Independent Television News of London

Collins, Pat: NBC-4

Comport, Caroline J.: Tribune Broadcasting

Compton-Hughes, Ann: ABC News

Conan, Neal: National Public Radio

Conatser, Cynthia: NBC News Channel

[[Page 989]]

Conlin, Sheila: NBC News Channel

Conner, Carrie: CNN

Conner, Eric: Fox News Channel

Conner, Leslie: C-SPAN

Connolly, Carrie: NewsChannel 8

Connor, Gail: APTN

Connor, Jim: CNN

Conover, Katie: Fox News Channel

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conrad, Monique: Washington News Network

Contiliano, Thomas: Bloomberg TV

Contreras, Jorge: Univision News

Contreras, Lalnie: AP-Broadcast

Contreras, Marvin: WMDO-TV Univision

Cook, James: CNN/TVS

Cook, Leslie: National Public Radio

Cook, Peter: Energy News Line

Cooke, David: Qwest Digital Media

Cooke, Leiane: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Coolidge, Richard: ABC News

Cooper, George: CNN

Cooper, John David: NBC News Channel

Cooper, John: Ventana Productions

Cooper, Rebecca: ABC News

Coratti, Kristine: CNN

Corbey, Robert: ABC News

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Correa, Pedro: Telemundo Network

Corum, Paul H.: CBS News

Cosby, Rita: Fox News Channel

Cossack, Roger: CNN

Costantini, Bob: WJLA-TV

Cottom, Everett: CNN

Coudoux, Sylvain: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Coughlin, Stacie: Tribune Broadcasting

Coulter, Pam: ABC News

Coupet, Sorine: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Courson, Paul S.: CNN

Courtoglous, Melanie: CONUS Communications

Covert, Cal: CNN

Cowman, Chris: Qwest Digital Media

Coyne, Virginia: NBC-TV Stations

Craca, Thomas: CBS News

Craley, Norman S.: WETA-TV

Cram, Christopher: NBC News Channel

Cranford, Jay: Energy News Line

Cranwell, Deborah: CNN

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Craven, William C.: National Public Radio

Crawford, Robert: ABC News

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV

Crawley, Plummer: Qwest Digital Media

Creech, Harald Beardall: Radio Free Asia

Cremedas, Andrew E.: ABC News

Crenshaw, Elizabeth: NBC-4

Cridland, Jeffrey: NewsChannel 8

Croke, Michael: APTN

Crosariol, Paul M.: Potomac Television

Cross, Tiffany: CNN

Crosswhite, Karla: CNN

Crowley, Candy Alt: CNN

Crowley, Dennis: United News & Information

Croyle, Erin: National Geographic Channel

Crrekmore, Bobby Steve: WETA-TV

Crum, John E.: CBS News

Crutchfield, Curtis: Community TV of PG's

Crystal, Lester M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Csongos, Frank: Radio Free Europe

Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

Cuevas, Ximena: Hispanic Radio Network

Cullen, Patrick: ABC News

Cunningham, Anthony: Reuters Television

Cuong Gia, Pham: CBS News

Cureton, David: Cancerpage.Com

Curley, Teresa A.: CNN

Curran, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curtis, Alexander: C-SPAN

Cusack, Agnes: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Cutlip, Dennis: The Washington Bureau

Czigli, Yvette: CTV Television Network

D'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

Dahl, Heather: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Daly, John: CBS News

Dames, Sabrina: Black Entertainment Television

Dancy, Chris: NBC News Channel

Daniel, Missy: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Daniels, Brady G.: NBC News

Danilochkin, Sergei: Radio Free Europe

Dapp, Kelly: CNN

Darden, Christine: CNN

Daschle, Kelly: APTN

Dashevsky, Arie: Washington News Network

Date, Jack: CNN

Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

Daugherty, Jeffery S.: Worldnet Television Techn

Davalos, Anna: NBC News

Davenport, Alice H.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Davidson, Joe: National Public Radio

Davidson, Kimberly: NBC News

Davis Mitchell, Patricia: CNN

Davis, Clinton: WTTG-Fox Television

Davis, Darnise: Close-Up Productions

Davis, Harry: NBC-4

Davis, Patrick A.: CNN

Davis, Robert: HealthWeek

Davis, Tanya: Black Entertainment Television

Davy, Ernest: ABC News

Dawson, Wendy: Fox News Channel

De Keyser, Greta: VRT Television

Deady, Carolyn: C-SPAN

Deane, Michael: Sky News

Decker, Jonathan P.: USA Radio Network

DeFilippo, Beverly: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 990]]

Deger, Anne H.: Hamilton Productions

Delaney, Eugene: Community TV of PG's

Delboni, Chris: Globo News TV

DeLuca, Timothy: WUSA-TV

DeMark, Michael: Fox News Channel

Demir, Ercan: Turkish Radio-TV

DeMoss, Gary S.: CBS News

Dentzer, Susan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

DePierro, Denis: Aviation Week TV

DePuyt, Bruce: NewsChannel 8

Dermanes, Alexandra: CNN

DeSantis, Dominic: ABC News

DeSimone, Bridget: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Desliu, Serban: Radio Free Europe

Deutsch, David: WETA-TV

DeVito, Andrea: Fox News Channel

deVogue, Ariane: ABC News

Devoney, Steve: C-SPAN

Dew, Kyneesha: C-SPAN

DeWitt, Terry T.: ABC News

Diakides, Anastasia: CNN

Diamond, Aaron: France 2 Television

DiBella, Richard: Fox News Channel

DiCarlo, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Dickerson, Anne M.: N24 Pro 7

Dickie, Mary Theresa: NewsChannel 8

Diel-Heike, Christine: German Television/ZDF

Dierken, John: NBC NewsChannel

Diggins, Pamela: Reuters Television

Dillion, H. Estel: NBC News

Dillon, Arlene: CBS News

DiMarco, Joseph: Worldnet Television

DiMassimo, Richard: Native American Television

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Dinardo, Anne Marie: C-SPAN

Dine, Laura: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Dixon, Penny: Voice of America

Dixson, Charles H.: CBS News

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV

Dockins, Pamela: AP-Broadcast

Doell, Michelle: WTTG-Fox Television

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Dolcimascolo, Carolyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Dolma, Dawa: Radio Free Asia

Dolma, Rigdhen: Radio Free Asia

Donaghy, Nina: Reuters Television

Donahue, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Donahue, Jennifer: WashingtonWired.com

Donald, William: APTN

Donaldson, Sam: ABC News

Donovan, Mary Ellen: NBC-4

Dore, Margaret: NBC News

Dorn, Jason M.: Tribune Broadcasting

Doron, Michal: SAT.1 German Television

Dorsey, Tony: NBC-4

Dougherty, Martin: CNN/TVS

Douglas, Denise: C-SPAN

Douglass, Linda D.: ABC News

Downey, Sharon: Medill News Service

Drew, Catherine: Feature Story Productions

Drum, Jonathan E: A.H. Belo Capitol

DuBreuil, James: ABC News

Dudley, Phillip: CTV Television Network

Dukehart, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Dumont, Jonathan: CNN

Dunbar, Dennis: Information Super Station

Duncan, Megan: NewsChannel 8

Duncan, Michael: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Dunham, David: Metro Teleproductions

Dunham, Michelle: WTTG-Fox Television

Dunlavey, Thomas J.: CNN

Dunleavy, Dennis: ABC News

Dunmire, John P.: WTTG-Fox Television

Dunston, Andre: Hearst-Argyle Television

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Broadcasting

Durham, Deborah: Univision News

Durham, Lisa R.: CNN

Dwyer-Shapiro, Lisa: APTN

Dyer, Lois: CBS News

Dymond, Jonny D.: British Broadcasting Corporation

Echols, Jerry: Fox News Channel

Eck, Christina: German Press Agency

Eckert, Barton: CONUS Communications

Edelman, Margalit: APTN

Edmunds, Robert: Epress.ca

Edwards, Bruce: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Edwards, Dana: WUSA-TV

Egusquiza, Mariella: ECO-Televisa Hispanic

Eisenbarth, Ron: C-SPAN

Eisenhuth, Alfred Scott: NBC News

El Bardicy, Thachet: Middle East Broadcasting

El Hawa, Daoud: Middle East Broadcasting

Eldridge, James W.: Fox News Channel

Eldridge, Michael E.: Washington Bureau News Service

Eldridge, Steve: WTOP Radio

Ellard, Nancy: NBC News Channel

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Eller, Robert: AP-Broadcast

Elliott, John: Dutch TV & Radio

Elving, Ron: National Public Radio

Elvington, Glenn: Washington News Network

Ely, Fran: WETA-TV

Emanuel, Mike: Fox News Channel

Encinas, Alvaro: Univision News

Engberg, Eric: CBS News

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Ennis, Jeffrey: CBS Radio/WJFK-FM

Ensor, David: CNN

Erbe, Bonnie: Persephone Productions, Inc.

Eriksen, Wenke: Norwegian Broadcasting

Erlenborn, Dan: NBC News

[[Page 991]]

Ernst, Charlotte: TV2/Denmark

Espinoza, Juan Carlos: Video News Services

Evans, Laura: WTTG-Fox Television

Evans, Robert: Ventana Productions

Evansky, Simon: Sky News

Everly, Thomas: ABC News

Fabic, Greg: C-SPAN

Faerber, Fritz: AP-Broadcast

Faison, Al: Reuters Television

Falcone, David: Associated Press Television

Fancher, William: American Family Radio News Network

Fant, Barbara: NBC News

Farag, Aziz F.: Radio Free Europe

Farkas, Daniel: CNN/TVS

Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

Farley, Jim: WTOP Radio

Farrar, Amy: CNN

Farrell, Kathryn: CNN

Faulkner, Michael C.: CBS News

Faw, Robert: NBC News

Feaster-Stewart, Shannon: CNN

Feather, Richard: Ventana Productions

Feeney, Susan: National Public Radio

Feig, Christy: CNN

Feinberg, Al: WTTG-Fox Television

Feist, Sam E.: CNN

Feldman, Clifford: FedNet

Feldman, Elizabeth: NBC-4

Fessler, Pamela: National Public Radio

Fetta, Patricia: Radio Free Asia

Fetzer, Robert: Qwest Digital Media

Fiedler, Hartmut: ORF-Austrian Radio

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Fierro, Juan Martinez: Cope Radio

Filfil, Martin: German Television Agency

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Fine, Tammy: NBC News

Finnigan, Michael: Hearst-Argyle Television

Firestone, Richard D.: Voice of America

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fischoff, Michael: NewsChannel 8

Fitzpatrick, Craig M.: Voice of America

Flannery, Amy: ABC News

Fleischman, Philip: SRN News/Standard

Fleming, Eileen: Associated Press Broadcast

Flintoff, Corey: National Public Radio

Flores, Cesar E.: CNN/TVS

Flower, Kevin: CNN

Flowers, Victoria: CNN

Flug, Carla: National Narrowcast Netwk.

Fluty, Steve: APTN

Fogarty, Kevin: Reuters Television

Foley, Kevin Paul: Radio Free Europe

Fontenot, Jessica: Fox News Channel

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV

Ford, Michael: ABC News

Ford, Sam: WJLA-TV

Foreman, Thomas: National Geographic Channel

Forman, David: NBC News

Forrest, James M.: NBC-4

Forrest, Kerri: MSNBC/NBC News

Forte, B.J.: NewsChannel 8

Foster, Carl: C-SPAN

Foster, Kmele: Talk Radio News Service

Foster, Lesli: WUSA-TV

Foster, Mary Claude: ABC News

Foster, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Foty, Thomas: CBS News

Fouhy, Beth: CNN

Foundas, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Fountain, Michael: Black Entertainment Television

Fox, Jan: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peter: National Public Radio

Frame, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Francis, Betty: NBC News

Francis, Fredrick N: NBC News

Frankel, Bruce: TF1-French TV

Frankel, Suzanna: C-SPAN

Franken, Robert: CNN

Fraser, Jr., Wilfred R.: NBC News

Frazier, William: C-SPAN

Free, Elissa Blake: CNN

Freed, Jonathan: Hearst-Argyle Television

Freedman, Allan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Freeland, Eric: NewsChannel 8

Freitas, Rosemary: NBC News

French, F. Patrick: CBS News

Freund, Eugen: ORF-Austrian Radio

Friar, David J.: AP-Broadcast

Fridrich, George J.: Brighter Images Productions

Frieden, Terry: CNN

Friedman, Dave: Fox News Channel

Fritz, Hans Peter: ORF-Austrian Radio

Frost, Louisa: Talk Radio News Service

Fry, Jim: A.H. Belo Capitol

Frydenlund, Brian: CNN/TVS

Fryer, Alan: CTV Television Network

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furman, Hal E.: CBS News

Furst, David: WAMU-FM

Fuss, Bob: CBS News

Fuss, Brian: CBS News

Futrowsky, David: Fox News Channel

Gabala, Rick: C-SPAN

Gabriel, Oscar Wells: AP-Broadcast

Gabriel, Roberta Je: NBC News Channel

Gaffney, Dennis: NBC News

Gafner, Randall: Dispatch Broadcasting Group

Gaither, Karen: C-SPAN

Galdabini, Christian: Fox News Channel

Galfetti, Michele: Swiss Television

Gallagher, Joseph: Voice of America Techn

Galperin, Meg: C-SPAN

[[Page 992]]

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Ganice, Vincent: Gancie Television

Garay, German: ABC News

Garber, Harriet: CBS News

Garcia, Edith: Telemundo Network

Garcia, Jon Dominic: ABC News

Garcia, Patricia: Community TV of PG's

Gardella, Richard: NBC News

Gardner, Cy: Washington News Network

Garfield, Brian: ABC News

Gargiulo, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Garner, Bianca: Black Entertainment Television

Garraty, Timothy C.: CNN/TVS

Gartlan, Joan: WUSA-TV

Gartz, Jill Powell: MetroNetworks

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gates, Gregory Sean: Nightly Business Report

Gato, Pablo: Telemundo Network

Gauger, Tom: ABC News

Gauthier, Barbara: Black Entertainment Television

Gawad, Atef: Video News Service

Gebhardt, William A.: NBC News

Gelfman, Andrew: Washington News Network

Gembara, Deborah: Reuters Television

Gendron, Guy: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Genter, Joyce: C-SPAN

Gentilo, Rick: APTN

Gentry, Pamela: C-SPAN

Gentry, Robert: TV Asahi

George, Maurice: CNN/TVS

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Geyeline, Philip: CBS News

Giacomo, John: Washington News Network

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbons, Sean: CNN

Gibbs, Lura Annette: Black Entertainment Television

Gibson, Jake: NBC News Channel

Gibson, Jr., Frank L.: NBC News

Giebel, Edward: ABC News

Giles, Katherine: Tokyo Broadcasting

Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA-TV

Gillespie, Maria: Fox News Channel

Gilman, Jeff: WTTG-Fox Television

Gilmore, John: CNN

Gilmour, Karen: National Geographic Channel

Gilson, Shannon: Pacifica Radio

Ginebra, Nelson: NBC News Channel

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Giroux, Dorothee: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Giusto, Thomas: ABC News

Glass, Evan: CNN

Glass, Robert: ABC News

Glennon, John: Fox News Channel

Glynn, William: NBC News Channel

Goble, Paul: Radio Free Europe

Godbey, Angeleen: TV Asahi

Goihmann, Nikolai: Associated Press Television

Gold, Larry: Associated Press Broadcast

Gold, Peter: Fuji Television

Gold, Walter: Washington News Network

Goldfarb, Loren: HealthWeek

Goldfein, Michael: A.H. Belo Capitol

Goldman, Jeff Scott: CBS News

Goldstein, Susan: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Gollust, David A.: Voice of America

Gomez, Augusto: CNN/TVS

Gong, Xiaoxia: Radio Free Asia

Gonsar, Dhondup: Radio Free Asia

Gonyea, Don: National Public Radio

Gonzales, Nathan L.: CNN

Gonzalez, Carlos Alberto: WTTG-Fox Television

Gonzalez, John: NewsChannel 8

Goodman, Jeffery: NBC News

Goodman, Susan: WAMU-FM

Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

Gordon, Herbert: NBC-4

Gordon, Stuart: ABC News

Gorin, Timothy: NBC News

Gorman, James W.: APTN

Gottlieb, Brian: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Goulding, David: CBS News

Gracey, David: CNN

Gradison, Robin: ABC News

Graham, Fred: Court TV

Granda, Marco: WMDO-TV Univision

Grasso, Neil: CBS News

Graves, Keith: Sky News

Graves, Lindsay: APTN

Gray Houston, Karen: WTTG-Fox Television

Graziano, Julieann: WTTG-Fox Television

Greco, John J.: NBC News

Green, Katherine: WTTG-Fox Television

Green, Myra P.: ABC News

Greenaway, Steve: Potomac TV Communications

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC News Channel

Greenbaum, Anna Solomon: National Public Radio

Greene, James M.: NBC News

Greene, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Greenfield, Heather: AP-Broadcast

Greenwood, John Kevin: NBC-4

Greenwood, William: ABC News

Gregory, Bettina L.: ABC News

Gregory, David: NBC News

Greiner, Nicholas: ABC News

Grenier, Jacques: National Geographic Channel

Grevemberg, Steve: ABC News

Griffin, Kevin Reed: Ventana Productions

Griffith, Gary: Hearst-Argyle Television

Griffitts, Bill: Mobile Video Services

Groenhuijsen, Charles: Nos Dutch Public Broadcasting

Gross, Andrew F.: NBC News

Gross, Eddie S.: CNN/TVS

Gross, Joshua D.: CBS News

[[Page 993]]

Grossman, David: CNN

Gruber, Ben: Reuters Television

Guarino, Christophe: CNN

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV

Guise, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Guise, Louis de: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Gunn, John: HealthWeek

Gursky, Gregg: Fox News Channel

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio & Press Service

Gutnikov, Robert: APTN

Guzman, Armando: Univision News

Gyal, Palden: Radio Free Asia

Haake, Sabine: German Television/ZDF

Haberstick, Fred: Fox News Channel

Hackett, Steve: WJLA-TV

Hacopian, Jenny: Information Super Station

Haefeli, Brian: NBC News

Hage, John: Televisia News Network (ECO)

Hager, Jeffery: Washington News Network

Hager, Mary: CBS News

Hager, Robert M.: NBC News

Hagerty, Michael E.: Fox News Channel

Haggerty, Patrick B.: WGN Radio/U.S. Farm Report

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV

Hale, Brian P.: ABC News

Halkett, Kimberly: Epress.ca

Hall, Christine: CNSNews.Com

Hall, David: Austrialian Broadcasting

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Hall, Rosemary: Voice of America

Haller, Klaus J.: German Radio/ARD

Hallmann, Stephan: German Television/ZDF

Hallmark, David Allan: CBN News

Halton, David: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Hamilton, Christopher: CNN/TVS

Hamilton, Jay: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, John: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, Jon: National Public Radio

Hammer, Michael J.: AP-Broadcast

Hamrick, Mark A.: AP-Broadcast

Hanchett, James C.: NBC News Channel

Handelsman, Steve: NBC News

Handly, James: NBC-4

Hanlon, Carl: Global TV Canada

Hanna, Kate: CNN

Hanoura, Hamada: C-SPAN

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hanson, Chris: C-SPAN

Hara, Kyoji: Nippon TV Network

Harding, Alejandro: Video News Services

Harding, William: NBC News

Hardy, Arthur: CNN

Hargy, Ken: WashingtonWired.com

Harmeyer, Nancy: Fox News Channel

Harper, Steven: CBS News

Harrington, Craig J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Harrington, Jessica: National Geographic Channel

Harriott, James: Worldnet Television

Harris, Emily: National Public Radio

Harris, Mary: Fox News Channel

Harris, Richard F.: National Public Radio

Hartelius, Jason: NewsChannel 8

Harter, John R.: WJLA-TV

Hartogs, Peter: CNN

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Haselton, Brennan: WTOP Radio

Hass, Thomas: TV2 Norway

Hassett, Jody K.: ABC News

Hatch, Scott: C-SPAN

Hawke, Anne: National Public Radio

Hayley, Harold Paul: NBC News

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Hays, Guerin: CNN

Hayward, Jacqueline: WUSA-TV

Haywood, Barry: ABC News

Hazelwood, Ed: Aviation Week TV

Headen, Greg: Fox News Channel

Healey, Sean: Eye to Eye Video

Hearn, Josephine: NBC News

Heath, Angela: Nightly Business Report

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heik, Jens: German Television/ZDF

Henderson, Susan: Mobile Video Services

Hendin, Robert: CBS News

Hendren, Karen: Reuters Television

Henn, Stephen: Marketplace Radio

Henning, Bridget: C-SPAN

Henrehan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Henriquez, Andrea: Radio Chilena

Henry, Jonelle P.: C-SPAN

Henry, Robert: Qwest Digital Media

Herald, Vernon: CNN

Herbas, Francis: C-SPAN

Herman, Lawrence: WJLA-TV

Hernandez, Carlos E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Hernandez, Eugenio: APTN

Hertrick, Jeff W.: Ventana Productions

Herzog, Kathryn: Pacifica Radio

Hesse, Sebastian: German Public Radio/ARD

Hester, Deirdre: CBS News

Hetkaemper, Robert: German Television/ARD

Heyman, Douglas: C-SPAN

Hickman, Jutta: German Television/ZDF

Hickman, Stacy: Fox News Channel

Hiett, Amy: NewsChannel 8

Hill, Dallas: C-SPAN

Hill, Dana: ABC News

Hillard, Timothy: KOMO-TV

Hillis, John D.: NewsChannel 8

Hindes, Walter R.: AP-Broadcast

Hinds, Hugh: WJLA-TV

Hirsh, Stephen: Fox News Channel

Hitchcock, Jennifer: Hearst-Argyle Television

Hix, Leta: C-SPAN

[[Page 994]]

Hoai, Thanh: Video News Services

Hoan, Pham Boi: CBS News

Hodges, Hilary: European Broadcasting Union

Hoffman, Eric: CNN

Hoffmann, Sabine: German Television/ARD

Hoiland, Harald: WUSA-TV

Holland, John F.: NBC News

Holland, Larry: Black Entertainment Television

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul E.: BT Video Production

Holly, Derrill: AP-Broadcast

Holman, Kwami: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Holme, Todd: WETA-TV

Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV

Holtschneider, Joseph: Mobile Video Services

Hom, Ken: National Public Radio

Hong, Carolyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Hoover, Toni: CBS News

Hope, Melissa: WILC/AM Radio & Gobal News

Hopkins, Adrienne: Fox News Channel

Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV

Hopper, David: Reuters Television

Horan, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Horne, LaTanya E.: NewsChannel 8

Horne, Roger: German Television Agency

Hosty, Katie: Fox News Channel

Hotaling, Edward: NBC-4

Hourcadz, Milton: Voice of America

Houston, Chris: WUSA-TV

Howard, Geoffrey: Bloomberg TV

Hoye, Matthew: CNN

Hudson, Christian: CNN

Hudson, Don: WJLA-TV

Hudson, Ira John: NBC-4

Huff, Dan: APTN

Huff, Priscilla: Feature Story Productions

Hughes, James: NBC News

Hughes, Sarah: WAMU-FM

Huijs, Martinus: Nos Dutch Public Broadcasting

Hume, Brit: Fox News Channel

Hume, Kim: Fox News Channel

Hung, Shirley: CNN

Hunter, Roger: C-SPAN

Hunter, Ryan: NewsChannel 8

Hurd, Emma: Sky News

Hurley, Charles: CNN

Hurt, James: NBC News Channel

Hutchins, Stacy: A.H. Belo Capitol

Hyater, John E.: WETA-TV

Hyatt, George: NBC News

Hybels, Amy: NewsChannel 8

Hyland, Karen-Marie: WTTG-Fox Television

Ifill, Gwen: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Ignatiou, Michael: Mega Channel

Ikehara, Mariko: C-NET

Ilyama, Laura: Pacifica Radio

Inai, Eiichiro: Tokyo Broadcasting

Ing, Lance: USA Today Live

Ingram, Shermaze: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Irving, John: Metro Networks

Ishaq, Salim I.: NBC News

Iverson, Matthew: Qwest Digital Media

Jackson, Brooks: CNN

Jackson, Charmaine: Native American Television

Jackson, Melanie: NBC News

Jackson, Michael: CNN

Jackson, Peter: Ventana Productions

Jackson, Roberta: C-SPAN

Jackson, Sarah: Radio Free Asia

Jacobs, Philip: NBC-4

Jacobson, Murrey: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Jaconi, Michelle: NBC News

Jacques, Virgus: WUSA-TV

Jaffe, Gary: Voice of America

Jamerson, Kim: Cox Broadcasting

James, Karen: CNBC

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Jankowski-Lyons, Judith: Fox News Channel

Jansen, Torsten: Danish Broadcasting

Jasinski, Grzegorz: Radio RMF-FM

Jaskot, Sheila: WTTG-Fox Television

Javan, Asieh: Swiss Broadcasting

Jeffries, Katherine: C-SPAN

Jenkins, David: CNN/TVS

Jennings, Edward: ABC News

Jensen, Heidi: ABC News

Jensen, Judy: CNN

Jermin, Ede R.: NBC-4

Jessen, Peder: TV2 Norway

Jette, Patricia: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Jia, Wei-Ye: TVBS (Taiwan)

Jimenez, Martin: CNN/TVS

Joel, Lefebvre: TF1-French TV

Johncox, Douglas: WETA-TV

Johnke, Tracy: AP-Broadcast

Johns, Joseph: NBC News

Johnson, Chester: WUSA-TV

Johnson, Fletcher: ABC News

Johnson, Irene: WJLA-TV

Johnson, Jeff: CNSNews.Com

Johnson, Jennifer: NBC News Channel

Johnson, Karron Craig: NBC News

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kia R.: Reuters Television

Johnson, Kyle: WTOP Radio

Johnson, Lanny: German Television/ZDF

Johnson, Leroy: NBC News

Johnson, Martha S.: WRC-TV

Johnson, Sasha: CNN

Johnson, William R.: ABC News

Johnston, Cynthia: National Public Radio

Johnston, Derek: ABC News

Johnston, Jeffrey: CBS News

Jonathan, St. John: CNN

[[Page 995]]

Jones, Alvin: FedNet

Jones, Hannelore: German Public Radio

Jones, James: WAMU-FM

Jones, Keena M.: National Geographic Channel

Jones, Lyrone Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Phil: CBS News

Jones, Rachel: National Public Radio

Jones, Russell: NewsChannel 8

Jordan, Leona: C-SPAN

Jordan, Rosiland Arie: Tribune Broadcasting

Joris, Hentenaar: Nos Dutch Public Broadcasting

Jose, Jennifer: ABC News

Joseph, Henry: Close-Up Productions

Joy, Michael: WJLA-TV

Joy, Richard: Ventana Productions

Joya, Steven: ABC News

Judd, Jacqueline: ABC News

Juenger, Georg: German Television/ZDF

Jupe, Rita: CNN

Jursa-Murphy, Sabine: German Television/N24

Kachmarik, Scott S.: NewsChannel 8

Kahn, Michael W.: AP-Broadcast

Kaiser, Monika: German Television/ARD

Kalbfeld, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Kalfopulos, Joy: ABC News

Kamberi, Dolkun: Radio Free Asia

Kane, James F.: ABC News

Kang, Sung: Korean Broadcasting System

Karato, Tomoo: TV Tokyo Channel

Karl, Jonathan: CNN

Karr, Rick G.: National Public Radio

Karson, Danielle: WAMU-FM

Kaster, Charles: Native American Television

Kataoka, Rumi: SIC Television

Kathleen, Nell Schalch: National Public Radio

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Kato, Atsushi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Katz, Amy: Worldnet Television

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Katz, Hubert B.: Voice of America

Katz, Jeffrey L.: National Public Radio

Kawaguchi, Daniel: Voice of America

Kaye, Matthew: the Berns Bureau

Kaye, Melissa: Fox News Channel

Keegan, Kois: Radio Free Asia

Kehnemui, Sharon: Fox News Channel

Kehoe, Steven: C-SPAN

Kelemen, Michele: National Public Radio

Kelleher, Colleen: WTOP Radio

Kelleher, Kristine: APTN

Kellerman, Mike: Channel Africa Radio

Kelley, Alice: German Television/ZDF

Kelley, Daniela: Fox News Channel

Kelley, Jonathan: C-SPAN

Kellogg-Wheeler, Becky: WJLA-TV

Kelly, Nicole: Potomac Television

Kelly, Sarah: National Public Radio

Kelly, Sean: CNN

Kempf, Deborah Ly: ABC News

Kennedy, Brian: Can Am-Group

Kennedy, Robert: C-SPAN

Kenny, Justin: Reuters Television

Kenyon, Linda: SRN News/Standard

Kenyon, Peter: National Public Radio

Kerchner, Eric: ABC News

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Kersey, Susanne Risher: WETA-TV

Keskin, Serdar: Turkish Radio-TV

Kessler, Jonathan L.: NBC News

Kestenbaum, David: National Public Radio

Ketcham, Lewis: C-SPAN

Kettlewell, Christian: CONUS Communications

Keyes, Charles F.: CNN

Keyes, Laura: Bloomberg TV

Khananayev, Grigory: Fox News Channel

Kim, Kwang-Teac: Munhawa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC)

Kim, Patricia: Ventana Productions

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kristi: WTOP Radio

Kinlaw, Worth: CNN/TVS

Kinney, Laurie: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kinney, Michael: CNN

Kirby, Robert: AP-Broadcast

Kirk, Beverly: NBC News Channel

Kitagawa, Yukiyo: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Kizer, James S.: NBC-4

Klaeuser, Horst: German Radio/ARD

Klayman, Elliot: Eye to Eye Video

Kleber, Claus: German Television/ARD

Kleder, Martha Wilmoth: Family News In Focus

Klein, Konstantin: Deutsche Welle TV

Klein, Robert: CNN/TVS

Klug, Pamela: NBC News Channel

Knapp, Daniel Howard: WETA-TV

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, John: ABC News

Knox, David: CNN

Knox, Richard: National Public Radio

Knox, Ronald: NBC News

Ko, Ernie C.Y.: Taiwan Television

Kocer, Hakan: Turkish Radio-TV

Koch, Gundula: German Television/ZDF

Kodama, Yoko: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Kojovic, Predreg: Reuters Television

Koller, Frank: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Kolodziejczak, Thomas: Tribune Broadcasting

Konrad, Monika: ABC News

Kopel, Genevieve: Talk Radio News Service

Korich, Kim: Mobile Video Services

Kornely, Michael: A.H. Belo Capitol

Kornhauser, David Hajime: Nippon TV Network

Kos, Martin A.: BT Video Production

Kosik, Alison: EnergyNews Line

Koslow, Marc: NBC News

[[Page 996]]

Kotke, Wolfgang: Zolcer TV

Kovach, Robert S.: CNN

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Krakower, Gary: CNN

Kramer, Amy R.: CNN

Kramer, Martin: CNN

Krebs, Joe: NBC-4

Kretman, Lester A.: NBC News

Kreuz, Greta: WJLA-TV

Kroll, Sue: CNN

Kross, Kathryn: ABC News

Kube, Courtney: NBC News

Kulsziski, Peter: NBC News

Kung, Jessica: China Television

Kur, Robert Ell: NBC News

Kyu Yu, Tae: Korean Broadcasting System

Labolt, Elise: CNN

Laboy, Tony: C-SPAN

LaComa, Lawrence: Deutsche Welle TV

Laflamme, Micheline: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Lafollette, Marianna: CNN/TVS

Lai, Yuk-Chong: Radio Free Asia

Lamb, Brian P.: C-SPAN

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

LaMonica, John C.: ABC News

Landay, Woody: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landess, Mike: WTTG-Fox Television

Landwehr, Arthur: German Public Radio

Landy, Hope: C-SPAN

Lane, Lisa: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Langley, Larry: CNN/TVS

Langmade, Brigette: Cox Broadcasting

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

Larsen, Gregory: CBS News

LaSalla, Susan Alic: NBC News

Lassen, Kim: Danish Broadcasting

Laughlin, Ara A.: Community TV of PG's

Laughlin, James: The Washington Bureau

Lavallee, Michael: Tokyo Broadcasting

Lawn, Connie: Audio Video News

Lawton, Kim A.: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Lazar, Robert: C-SPAN

Lazernik, Ira: WTTG-Fox Television

Leake, Myron A.: CNN/TVS

Leamy, Elisabeth: WTTG-Fox Television

Lebedeva, Natasha: NBC News

LeBon, Hilary: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

LeBrecht, Thelma: AP-Broadcast

LeCroy, Lillian: Fox News Channel

LeCroy, Philip L.: Fox News Channel

Lee, Alexandra: Hearst-Argyle Television

Lee, Chang Hwan: Korean Broadcasting System

Lee, Chong: MBC-TV

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Edward F.: WETA-TV

Lee, Sarah: NBC-4

Lee, You-Kyung: MBC-TV

Lee, Yvonne: CNN

Leeds, Larry: Native American Television

Leenhardt, Etienne: France 2 Television

Lefever, Rene: Video News Services

Lehrer, Jim: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Lehrman, Margaret: NBC News

Leidelmeyer, Ronald: NBC News

Leiken, Katherine: German Television/ZDF

Leissner, Janet: CBS News

Lelle, Werner: German Television/ZDF

LeMay, James: CNN

Lemay, Jim: CNN

Lent, David: David and Company

Lentz, Rudiger: Deutsche Welle TV

Leon, Hernando: Noticiero de las Siete

Leonard, Christopher J.: CNN/TVS

Leonard, Dan: WashingtonWired.com

Leong, Dexter: CBS News

Leong, H. Ming: WJLA-TV

Lepofsky, Suzanne: CNN

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Leshner, Matthew: CNN/TVS

Lessin, Michael: ConnectLive Communications Techn

Lester, Paul: Community TV of PG's

Lester, Tim: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Levin, Aleksey: Radio Free Europe

Levy, Sheldon: WUSA-TV

Lewandowski, Mary E.: CNN

Lewine, Frances L.: CNN

Lewis, Edward: Fox News Channel

Lewis, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Lewis, J. David: WTTG-Fox Television

Lewis, J. Elliott: WJLA-TV

Lewis, Penelope: German Television/N24

Lien, Arthur: NBC News

Likowski, Alexander: NewsChannel 8

Lillibridge, Doug: NBC-4

Lilling, Dave: Metro Teleproductions

Limbach, Francis J.: AP-Broadcast

Lindberg, Lyle H.: Worldnet Television

Linden, Kim: CNN

Lindesay, Mark: Washington News Network

Lindo, Viviana: Uninoticios

Lindroos, Reijo: Finnish Broadcasting

Lipkin, Rebecca: ABC News

Lipper, Tamara: ABC News

Lipton, Eric: Tribune Broadcasting

Lisle, John D: NewsChannel 8

Little, Craig A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Litzenblatt, Seth: KTUU-TV

Liu, Ted: Radio Free Asia

Lively, Lydia S.: NBC News

Lloyd, Stacy: Fox News Channel

Lodato, Mark J.: CBS News

Lodoe, Kalden T.: Radio Free Asia

Loescher, Skip: CNN

[[Page 997]]

Loeschke, Paul: C-SPAN

Loftus, Kevin: Reuters Television

Logan, Russell: C-SPAN

Long, Chris: C-SPAN

Long, Culver J.: MSNBC.Com

Long, James V.: NBC News

Loomans, Kathryn: AP-Broadcast

Loper, Catherine: ABC News

Lopez, Liliana: WETA-TV

Lopez, Myra: AP-Broadcast

Lopez, Rene Anthony: CONUS Communications

Lora, Willie A.: CNN

Lord, Hannah: National Public Radio

Lorek, Stanley: ABC News

Lormand, John: SRN News/Standard

Lottman, Jonathan M: America's Defense Monitor

Loucks, William: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Lowe, Matt: CBS News

Lowe, Rachael Myers: Cancerpage.Com

Luangkhot, Viengsay S.: Radio Free Asia

Lucas, Dave: NewsChannel 8

Lucchini, Maria: WMDO-TV Univision

Luck, David: C-SPAN

Ludwig, Robert: WETA-TV

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Luhn, Laura W.: Fox News Channel

Lumpkin, Beverley C: ABC News

Lurch, David: NBC News

Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Television

Lutz, Ellsworth: ABC News

Lyles, Brigitte: Fox News Channel

Lynch, Donald: WETA-TV

Lynch, Laura: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Lynch, Wayne: NewsChannel 8

Lynn, Jack: CNN

Lyon, Michael: Fox News Channel

MacCarthy, Dennis: CBS News

MacDonald, Jim: CTV Television Network

Machado, Carolyn: Radio Station 5DN

MacHardy, V. Cybele: CNN

Macholz, Wolfgang: German Television/ZDF

Macias, Shari Chan: NBC-4

Madden, Thomas: FedNet

Madole, Mercedes: NBC News

Maeder, Rudolf: Swiss Broadcasting

Maer, Peter: CBS News

Magee, Robert: British Broadcasting Corporation

Maggi, Yolanda: Fox News Channel

Maggiolo, Vito: CNN

Magwenya, Vincent: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Majchrowitz, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

Majd, Homayoun: Radio Free Europe

Majerus, Marlis: WTOP

Makishima, Karen: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Makki, Aguilar: Worldnet Television

Malatino, Ann: NBC News

Malkawi, Ali: MIN Washington

Mallek, Joy Barker: WETA-TV

Mallory, Brenda N.: NBC-4

Malone, James B.: Voice of America

Maltes, Michael: CNN

Mancuso, Joseph: Mid-Atlantic Media

Mancuso, Michael: CNN

Mangus, Richard: Talk Radio News Service

Mann, Jonathan A.: WJLA-TV

Manning, Emily: CNN

Manresa, Elizabeth: WJLA-TV

Marchione, Mark: CNN/TVS

Marks, Simon: Feature Story Productions

Marques, Antonio: NBC News

Marriott, Mai: CBS News

Marriott, Marc Stephen: NBC News

Marriott, Michael: CBS News

Marsh, Mary C.: ABC News

Marshall, Jacqueline: Black Entertainment Television

Marshall, Mark: Federal Network, Inc.

Martin, D.Martin: CNN/TVS

Martin, David: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Martin, Di: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Martin, James: ABC News

Martin, John: ABC News

Martin, John: Fox News Channel

Martin, Neville: Qwest Digital Media

Martin, Rick: ABC News

Martinez, Carlos F.: Univision News

Martinez, Luis E.: ABC News

Martinez-Bustos, Lilliam E.: Univision News

Martino, Jeff: Professional Video Services

Masciarelli, Anthony: Dept. of State TV

Mason, Jeffrey W.: America's Defense Monitor

Mason, Suzanne K.: WJLA-TV

Massey, Kenyatta: Qwest Digital Media

Mathers, Alexandra: CBS News

Mathieu, Joe: CBS Radio

Matsuyama, Toshiyuki: Fuji TV

Mattesky, Thomas A.: CBS News

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

Mayer, Charles: National Public Radio

Mayes, Michael E.: WETA-TV

Mazarieyos, Mark: Potomac Television

Mazel, Rutger: Nos Dutch Public Broadcasting

Mazza, Mathieu C.: NewsGroup

McCaffrey, Chris: USA Today Live

McCalister, Sharon: National Public Radio

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean P.: C-SPAN

McCarren, Andrea: WJLA-TV

McCarthy, Lark: WTTG-Fox Television

McCarty, Dennis: CNN/TVS

McCarty, Donald Jay: CBS News

McCash, Douglas: German Television/ZDF

McCathran, Scott: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 998]]

McClam, Kevin: Fox News Channel

McCleery, Kathleen: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

McClellan, Laurie: Ventana Productions

McClellan, Maxwell: CBS News

McClure, Tipp: Reuters Television

McClurkin, Don: WETA-TV

McConnaughey, Brian: Information Super Station

McConnell, Dave: WTOP Radio

McCoy, Doxie A.: Black Entertainment Television

McCrary, Ron: C-SPAN

McCutchen, Yolanda: NBC News

McDermott, Frank: WUSA-TV

McDermott, Richard: NBC-TV Stations

McDonald, Natashka: Pacifica Radio

McDougall, Ian: Reuters Television

McFadden, Kerith: CNN

McFarland, William: WJLA-TV

McGarvy, Sean: WTTG-Fox Television

McGill, Sharon: Channel One Network

McGinn, Anne: Fox News Channel

McGinty, Derek: WJLA-TV

McGlinchy, James: CBS News

McGrath, Megan: NBC-4

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGuire, Bradley: C-SPAN

McGuire, Matthew: C-SPAN

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McIntrye, Jamie: CNN

McKelway, Doug: NBC-4

McKenna, Patrick T.: NBC-4

McKether, Kenneth: Epress.ca

McKinley, Robert: CBS News

McLellan-Msonthi, Tiffany: Black Entertainment Television

McMahon, Robert: Radio Free Europe

McManamon, Erin T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

McManis, Michael: CNN

McManus, Kevin A.: NBC News Channel

McManus, Nicole: NBC-4

McMearty, Mike: WTOP Radio

McMichael, Samuel: CNN/TVS

McMurtrie, Craig: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

McNulty, Edward: National Public Radio

McQueen-Martin, Michel: ABC News

McWethy, John: ABC News

Means, Jeffrey W.: Voice of America

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William: CNN

Meeks, Brock Nola: NBC News

Meier, Christiane: German Television/ARD

Meier, Marcus: German Television Agency

Melendy, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Mellom, Sohelia: Deutsche Welle TV

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision News

Melvin, William E.: German Television/ARD

Meraz, Gregorio: Televisia News Network (ECO)

Meserve, Jeanne M.: CNN

Mesidor, Cleve: CNN

Meyer, Kerry: Qwest Digital Media

Meyer, Lisa: AP-Broadcast

Meyer, Richard: CBS News

Meyes, Lisa: Radio Free Asia

Michaud, Robert: A.H. Belo Capitol

Mickelson, Matthew: Qwest Digital Media

Migas, Portia R.: ABC News

Mihalisko, Michael: Radio Free Europe

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Mikoda, Akihiro: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Mikus, Andrea: SRN News/Standard

Milenic, Alexander: WTTG-Fox Television

Miles, Clyde A.: CBS News

Milford, Robert H.: Mobile Video Services

Miller, Andrew: C-SPAN

Miller, Annette L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Avery: ABC News

Miller, Beth: British Broadcasting Corporation

Miller, Clarence: CONUS Communications

Miller, Doreen: NBC-4

Miller, Evan: NBC News Channel

Mills, Jim: Fox News Channel

Mills, Kate: C-SPAN

Mills, Susan L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Milstein, Jeff: CNN

Minner, Richard: NBC News

Minor, Ronald: NBC-4

Minott, Gloria: WPFW-FM

Miranda, Richard: Gancie Television

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitnick, Steven: NBC News

Mitric, Julia: National Public Radio

Miura, Kenichi: Nippon TV Network

Miyachika, Shigenori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Miyata, Takeaki: TV Asahi

Mizumoto, RIka: TV Asahi

Moeller, Burke: NewsChannel 8

Mokhrarzada, Homeyra: CNN

Molinares-Hess, Ione: Caracol TV

Molina-Roman, Adriana: Univision News

Molino, Heather: NewsChannel 8

Moll, Annette: German Broadcasting/ARD

Monack, David: C-SPAN

Monange, Arielle: France 2 Television

Mong, Bryan: Fox News Channel

Montague, William: Danish Broadcasting

Monte, John: NBC News

Montenegro, Lori: Telemundo Network

Montenegro, Norma: WMDO-TV Univision

Monteiro, Cedric: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Montgomery, Charles: Black Entertainment Television

Moon, Duncan: National Public Radio

Moore, Dennis: Reuters Television

Moore, Jessica: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

[[Page 999]]

Moore, Kristin J.: NBC News

Moore, Lindwood: C-SPAN

Moore, Monica: Black Entertainment Television

Moore, Russell: NBC News

Moore, Terrence M.: Metro Networks

Moore, W. Harrison: CNN/TVS

Moorman, Jeffrey: Qwest Digital Media

Mopberg, Lars: Swedish Television

Morahan, Lawrence: CNSNews.Com

Moran, James: A.H. Belo Capitol

Morano, Marc: Mid-Atlantic Media

Moreno, Rosa M: European Broadcasting Union

Morgan, Howard: SRN News/Standard

Morgan, John B.: WETA-TV

Mori, Yugo: Tokyo Broadcasting

Morrell, Shannon: C-SPAN

Morris, Amy: WTOP Radio

Morris, Diane: C-SPAN

Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

Morris, Peter: CNN/TVS

Morrisette, Roland: Bloomberg TV

Morse, Richard: CNN/TVS

Mort, Steve: Feature Story Productions

Morton, Bruce: CNN

Morton, Dan: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: CNN

Mosettig, Michael D.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Mosley, Joseph: CNN/TVS

Mottola, Lorraine: German Television/ZDF

Mountcastle, Katharine: CBS News

Moustafa, Karim: German Television/N24

Muhammad, Alverda Ann: National Scene News Bureau

Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News Bureau

Muir, Robert: Reuters Television

Mukaiyama, Akio: Tokyo Broadcasting

Mulera, John H.: NBC News

Mulhall, Catherine R.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Munoz, Luis: CNN/TVS

Murai, Masanobu: TV-Tokyo

Muratani, Tateki: Fuji Television

Murdock, William: Voice of America

Murotani, Makiko: Tokyo Broadcasting

Murphy, John L.: CBS News

Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Murphy, Terry: C-SPAN

Murray, Andrew: C-SPAN

Murray, Emily S.: CBN News

Murray, Timothy: Ventana Productions

Murrow, Keith: NewsChannel 8

Musa, Imad: Reuters Television

Muse, Pat Lawson: NBC-4

Musha, Masami: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Muspratt, Matthew: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Myers, Adolyn: NBC News

Nair, Bhaskar C.: AP-Broadcast

Narahari, Priya: APTN

Nash, Todd: CONUS Communications

Nason, Andrew: C-SPAN

Nathan, Nancy B.: NBC News

Naus, Angela: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Neal, Carruth: National Public Radio

Neapolitan, Michael: CONUS Communications

Neary, Lynn: National Public Radio

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Neelakantan, Latika: C-SPAN

Neely, Prenella: Black Entertainment Television

Neely, Tamara: WAMU-FM

Nehman, Bryan: WMAL Radio

Nelson, Deborah: CNN

Nelson, Donna: NBC News

Nelson, James: Fox News Channel

Nesbitt, Margaret: ABC News

Neto, Joaquim: Mobile Video Services

Neustadt, James J.: NBC-4

Newberry, Tom: NBC News Channel

Neyer, Hank: AP-Broadcast

Ngapo, Jigme: Radio Free Asia

Ngoc Bich, Nguyen: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, Anh: Washington News Network

Nguyen, Phuong G.: ABC News

Nicholas, James: Independent Television News

Nickels, IIona: C-SPAN

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

Nielsen, John: National Public Radio

Ninoseki, Yoshio: Fuji Television

Nix, Jack C.: Washington News Network

Nixon, Adam: NBC News

Nocciolo, Ernest G.: CNN/TVS

Noce, Julie: NBC News Channel

Noel, Caroline: ABC News

Nolen, John: CBS News

Norins, Jamie: Potomac Television

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard A.: ABC News

Norman, Robert: CBN News

Norris, Christopher: Potomac Television

Norris, James F.: CNN/TVS

Norris, Michele L.: ABC News

Nowowieski, Karen: NewsChannel 8

Nunez, Richdardo: Voice of America

Nurenberg, Gary K.: CNN

Nurnberger, Lisa: WTOP

Nyrop, Siri Elise: German Television/ARD

O'Berry, D. Kerry: CNN/TVS

O'Berry, Lynn: CNN/TVS

O'Brien, Tim: CNN

O'Connell, Ashana: CNN

O'Connell, Benjamin: C-SPAN

O'Connell, Michael: NBC News Channel

O'Connor, Thomas: Metro Teleproductions

O'Day, Andrew: WMAL Radio

[[Page 1000]]

O'Donell, Norah: NBC News

O'Keefe, Edward: ABC News

O'Leary, John M.: CBN News

O'Shea, Daniel: ABC News

O'Toole, Quinn: Nightly Buisness Report

Oates, Kim: WTOP

Oberlander, Sylvie: NBC News

Ochs, Carol: AP-Broadcast

Offerman, Claudia: German Television/ZDF

Ogata, Kerry: CNN

Ohm, Jeannie: WTTG-Fox Television

Okado, Masami: NHK-Japan Broadcasting Corp.

Okamura, Koji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Okita, Teri: CBS News

Olick, Diana: CBS News

Orchard, Marla: British Broadcasting Corporation

Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

Orr, K. Robert: CBS News

Osborne, Kyle: NewsChannel 8

Osgood, Gabi: German Television/ZDF

Otsuka, Mika: TV Tokyo Channel

Ottalini, David: CNN

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Overdick, Tim: Nos Dutch Public Broadcasting

Owen, Mary Lee: CBS News

Owens, Cheryl: C-SPAN

Oziel, David: Washington News Network

Ozsancak, Hakan: APTN

Pacheco, Sarah: CNN/TVS

Pack, Michael: Manifold Productions

Padden, Brian: Voice of America

Palacio, Zulima: Worldnet Television

Palca, Joseph: National Public Radio

Panzer, Chester: NBC-4

Parabaniuk, Julia: Worldnet Television

Parker, Beth: WTTG-Fox Television

Parker, Eric: NBC News

Parker, Geoff: CNN/TVS

Parker, Gillian: ABC News

Parker, Julie: NewsChannel 8

Parker, Shaun: Black Entertainment Television

Parker, Tanya: C-SPAN

Parks, Chadwick Ryan: NBC News

Parshall, Janet: SRN News/Standard

Pasarin, Sorin: BBC-World Service

Paterson, Andrew: National Geographic Channel

Patrick, Michael: CBN News

Patterson, George: NBC News

Patterson, Jay E.: ABC News

Patterson, Pamela: NBC News

Pauls, Hartmut: German Television/ZDF

Paxton, Bradford: Fox News Channel

Payne, Scott: APTN

Payton, Jack: Voice of America

Peacock, Grant: The Washington Group

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Television

Pearson, Hampton: CNBC

Pedersen, Claire: CNN

Peltier, Yves: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Penaloza, Marisa: National Public Radio

Penniman, Judy: ABC News

Pennybacker, Gail: WJLA-TV

Pennybacker, Jennifer: Ventana Productions

Perez, Ines: CNN

Pergram, Chad R.: National Public Radio

Perkins, Vernon: C-SPAN

Perl, Drora S.: Israel Army Radio

Perry, Andrea: C-SPAN

Perry, Craig: Radio Free Asia

Pertierra, Jose: Hispanic Radio Network

Pertoso, Emily: HearingRoom.Com

Peters, Michael: CNN/TVS

Peterson, Bob: CBS News

Peterson, Gordon: WUSA-TV

Peterson, James: CBS News

Peterson, Molly: National Public Radio

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Pexton, Ken: CNN

Pham, Jacqueline: Fox News Channel

Phillips, Brad: CNN

Phillips, Gurvir: WUSA-TV

Phillips, Steven: Reuters Television

Pickett, Paul: C-SPAN

Pickup, Michael: ABC News

Pierce, Maura: C-SPAN

Pierce, Robert Jason: CNSNews.Com

Piltz, Eberhard: German Television/ZDF

Pin, Roger: Radio Free Asia

Pinczuk, Murray: Image Television

Pindter, Michael: German Television/ARD

Pinto, Lauren: ORF-Austrian Radio

Pinzon, William Cortez: Televisia News Network (ECO)

Pinzon, Wingel: RCN TV

Pitocco, Nickolas: C-SPAN

Pitsinger, Geraldine: Fox News Channel

Plante, Chris: CNN

Plante, William: CBS News

Plater, Christophe: WJLA-TV

Player, Darryl: Black Entertainment Television

Plotkin, Mark: WAMU-FM

Plummer, Keith B.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Pope, Maisha: C-SPAN

Popkin, James K.: NBC News

Porter, Almon L.: C-SPAN

Povisil, Mary Jo: C-SPAN

Powell, Dennis: ABC News

Powell, Shannon Marie: Fox News Channel

Pozmak, Stephen: WJLA-TV

Prakash, Snigdha: National Public Radio

Prasad, William: WTTG-Fox Television

Pratt, Jim: WUSA-TV

Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

Price, Steve: Ventana Productions

Privitera, Alessandro: German Television/N24

[[Page 1001]]

Proctor, Martin Austin: Washington News Network

Publicover, Robert: WTOP Radio

Puckett, Richard: Dispatch Broadcasting Group

Pugliese, Pat: Qwest Digital Media

Quagley, Ned: WashingtonWired.com

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, John D.: Worldnet Television

Quinnette, John Jay: CNN/TVS

Quinonez, Omar: CNN/TVS

Rabbage, Mark: British Broadcasting Corporation

Rabin, Carrie: CBS News

Rabin, Mark: CBS News

Racki, Jason D.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Raddatz, Martha: ABC News

Rager, Bryan: Reuters Television

Rainey, Robert Brian: Fox News Channel

Ramon, Fausto: Reuters Television

Rampy, Grant: Tribune Broadcasting

Ramshaw, Gregg: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Rappaz, Bernard: Swiss Broadcasting

Rasmussen, Lisa: NBC-4

Rathner, Jeff: WETA-TV

Ratliff, Rebecca J.: National Geographic Channel

Ratliff, Walter: APTN

Ratner, Ellen: Talk Radio News Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Raval, Nikhil: C-SPAN

Ravin, Dan: CBS News

Rea, James C.: WAMU-FM

Reals, Gary: WUSA-TV

Reals, Tucker: APTN

Reap, Patrick T.: CNN

Reaume, Gregory: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Redding, William: ABC News

Reddock, Jennifer: ABC News

Reddoor, Charles: Native American Television

Reder, Aliza: CNN

Redmond, Michelle: National Geographic Channel

Redpath, Julia: National Public Radio

Reed, Josephine: Pacifica Radio

Reese, Courtenay: NBC News

Reese, Orla: AP-Broadcast

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reimann, Fritz: Swiss Television

Reinsel, Ed: Fox News Channel

Reis, Sean: NBC News

Remillard, Michele: Fox News Channel

Renaud, Jean: NBC-4

Renfro, Owen: CNN

Renken, David: Fox News Channel

Rensberger, Scott: TV2/Denmark

Reuter, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Reyes, Malissa: NewsChannel 8

Reyes, Victor: Telemundo Network

Reynolds, Paul: British Broadcasting Corporation

Reynolds, Robert: CNBC

Ribas, Luis Costa: SIC Television

Rice, Alan Gregory: NBC News

Rich, Cindy: NBC News

Richard, Sylvain: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Richerson, Debbie: C-SPAN

Richter, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Riegert, Bernd: Deutsche Welle TV

Riese, Hans-Peter: German Television/ARD

Rife, Marvin: Washington News Network

Riffle, Luke John: Ventana Productions

Riggs, James W.: CNN/TVS

Riggs, Tyrone W.: CNN/TVS

Riha, Anne Marie: Fox News Channel

Riley, Heather: CNN

Riner, Corbett: Fox News Channel

Rios, Francisco: NewsChannel 8

Ritchie, Thomas: APTN

Rivera, Clara: Reuters Television

Rivera, Miguel: Voice of America

Rivero, Raul Jorge: WUSA-TV

Rizzolo, Lisa: Fox News Channel

Roach, Amy: C-SPAN

Robach, Amy: WTTG-Fox Television

Robbins, Diana: German Radio/ARD

Roberson, David: European Broadcasting Union

Roberts, Charles: C-SPAN

Roberts, Corinne B.: ABC News

Roberts, James: CONUS Communications

Roberts, John: CBS News

Roberts, Nathan: NewsChannel 8

Roberts, Susan: WJLA-TV

Robertson, Greg: CNN/TVS

Robinson, Clyde: NBC News

Robinson, Douglas: ORF-Austrian Radio

Robinson, Laura: CNN

Robinson, Peggy: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Roca, Xavier: TF1-French TV

Rocha, Juan: Ventana Productions

Rocha, Samuel: American Radio & TV

Roche, J. Michael: Metro Teleproductions

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rockwood, Ryan: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Rodriguez, Eudardo: Television of Spain

Rodriguez, Janet: CNN

Rodriguez, Martine: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Roeck, Donald Wayne: Pacifica Radio

Roesaen, Susan: National Geographic Channel

Rogers, Lauren: ABC News

Rogers, Patrick: CONUS Communications

Rohrbeck, Douglas: Fox News Channel

Rokus, Brian: CNN

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC-TV Stations

Romero, Cesar: Univision News

Romilly, George: ABC News

Rommelmeyer, Pamela: SRN News

Roop, Peter: CNN/TVS

Rose, Floyd: CBS News

[[Page 1002]]

Rose, Francis: C-SPAN

Rose, Joseph: WJLA-TV

Rose, Ray: WJLA-TV

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosen, James: Fox News Channel

Rosenbaum, Marcus: National Public Radio

Rosenbaum, Thea: German Television/ARD

Rosenberg, Howard L.: ABC News

Rosenberg, James: WAMU-FM

Rosenkrans, Barbara: CONUS Communications

Rosgaard, Jessica: CNN

Roskosh, Joan: Gancie Television

Ross, Tonita L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Ross-Taylor, Allyson: CBS News

Rossel-Truslow, Maria Luisa: Radio Programas

Rossetti-Meyer, Misa: Qwest Digital Media

Rossignol, Florence: RTE News

Rossomando, John: CNSNews.Com

Roth, Johnie F.: NBC News

Roth, Linda: CNN

Roth, Sarah: CNN

Roth, Steve: C-SPAN

Roth, Ted: ABC News

Rowe, Hildrun: German Television/ZDF

Rowe, JoAnn: Rowe News Service

Roy, Andrew: British Broadcasting Corporation

Royce, Lindy: CNN

Rozentals, Karina: British Broadcasting Corporation

Rudd, Michael: NewsChannel 8

Rudin, Ken: National Public Radio

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Rupright, Timothy: Nippon TV Network

Russell, Dedrick: NewsChannel 8

Russell, Eugene: WTTG-Fox Television

Russell, Roxanne: CBS News

Russert, Timothy: NBC News

Russo, Jay R.: ABC News

Ruth, Sarah: CNN

Rutherford, John H.: NBC News

Ruttenberg, Margie: NBC-4

Ryan, Jennifer: WUSA-TV

Ryan, Marty: Fox News Channel

Ryan, Michael: Potomac Television

Rysak, Francis David: WTTG-Fox Television

Ryu, Hee-lim: Yonhap Television News

Sabo, Lara: CONUS Communications

Sackur, Stephen: British Broadcasting Corporation

Saffelle, Jeffrey: Qwest Digital Media

Sagalyn, Daniel: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sale, Kenneth E.: Voice of America

Salinas, Mary Alice: NBC-4

Salvador, Steve: CNN

Sampy, David: CNN/TVS

Sanchez, George: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision News

Sanclemente, Vicente: Television of Spain

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sandiford, Michele: C-SPAN

Sanfuentes, Jose A.: NBC News

Santana, Elvira: APTN

Santer, Sarah: Fox News Channel

Santiago, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Santos, Jose: A.H. Belo Capitol

Sargeant, Nancy Lyons: AP-Broadcast

Sargent, Mark: WTTG-Fox Television

Sasaguri, Mine: Fuji Television

Sasson, Aaron: Viewpoint Communications

Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

Sathianarayanan, Ranjini: NewsChannel 8

Sati, Abdullah: Adu Dhabi Radio and Television

Savage, Craig Warren: Fox News Channel

Savoy, Greg: Reuters Television

Sayegh, Tony: WashingtonWired.com

Scanlon, Jason L.: Fox News Channel

Scarrah, Kathie: APTN

Schaefer, Eugenia F.: NBC News

Schaefer, James: WJLA-TV

Schaff, Michael L.: CBN News

Schalch, Kathleen: National Public Radio

Schaner, Jacqueline: ABC News

Schantz, Kristine K: CNN

Schart, Jason D.: Associated Press Television

Scheid: Harry, Federal Network: Inc.

Scheiderer, Tim: Fox News Channel

Scherer, David: CNN/TVS

Scherf, Margaret: AP-Broadcast

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Schiavone, Louise L.: CNN

Schieffer, Bob: CBS News

Schindler, Max: NBC News

Schlather, Libbie: CNN

Schlegel, Barry C.: CNN/TVS

Schlesinger, Patricia: ARD German Television

Schloemer, Hans-Peter: German Television/ARD

Schneider, Inka: ARD German Television

Schneider, William: CNN

Schoenholt, Howard: ABC News

Scholl, Christophe: NBC News

Schorr, Daniel: National Public Radio

Schroeder, Anne: CNN

Schroeder, Bernd J.: German Radio/ARD

Schuetzeichel, Frank: German Television/ARD

Schule, James R.: Fox News Channel

Schulken, Sonja Deaner: Tribune Broadcasting

Schulte-Ebbert, Martin: German Television/ARD

Schultz, James J.: Fox News Channel

Schultz, Teri: Fox News Channel

Schultz-Burkel, Gunnar: German Broadcasting

Schultze, Emily: CBS News

Schultze, F. Kevin: WJLA-TV

Schumaker, Callie: Associated Press Broadcast

Schwartz, H. Andrew: Fox News Channel

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Schweitzer, Gareth: Talk Radio News Service

[[Page 1003]]

Schweitzer, Murray H.: NBC-4

Scicchitano, Carmine: NBC News

Sciutto, James E.: ABC News

Scott, Andrew: C-SPAN

Scott, Graham: ORF-Austrian Radio

Scott, Ivan: CBS Radio

Scott, Linda J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Scott, Michael: ABC News

Scott, Raquel: CNN

Scott, Sarah: KGO Radio

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scullin, Robin: C-SPAN

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Seabrook, Andrea: National Public Radio

Sears, Carl V.: NBC News

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Seidman, Joel Clyde: NBC News

Seium, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

Selden, Joseph: Voice of America

Selma, Reginald G: CNN/TVS

Serafin, Barry: ABC News

Serensits, Joseph: ABC News

Sesno, Frank: CNN

Settle, Jeremy: WUSA-TV

Sewell, Leslie: Fox News Channel

Seymour, Allison: WTTG-Fox Television

Shaffir, Kimberlee: CBS News

Shand, Christina: Fox News Channel

Shane, Lara: CBS News

Shaner, Jacqueline: ABC News

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Sharon, Adam: Talk Radio News Service

Sharp, Bridget: CNN

Shattuck, Megan: CNN

Shaw, Cathy: National Public Radio

Shaw, Heather: CNN

Sheehan, Peter Paul: Metro Teleproductions

Shelton, Steve: Fox News Channel

Shen, Mei-Chi Cathy: Phoenix Satellite Television

Shepherd, Sarah: CNN

Sherrill, Charles: Bonneville International

Sherwood, Tom: NBC-4

Shields, Michael: CNN

Shih, Che-Wei: TVBS (Taiwan)

Shin, Kyoung-Min: Munhawa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC)

Shine, Thomas: ABC News

Shiomura, Yuuka: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Shipman, Christie C: NBC News

Shlemon, Chris: Independent Television News

Shockley, Milton T.: NBC-4

Shoffner, Harry: CNN/TVS

Shott, David: Fox News Channel

Shull, Roger: Reuters Television

Sicks, Sara: C-SPAN

Sicoli, Dean: CNN

Sides, James E.: C-SPAN

Siegfriedt, Anita: C-SPAN

Sierra, Joann: CNN

Sikka, Madhulika: ABC News

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Silva, Juan: Television of Spain

Silver, Darwin: WETA-TV

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Silver, Quentin: WETA-TV

Silver, Torri: Community TV of PG's

Silverberg, Hank: WTOP Radio

Simeone, Nicholas: Voice of America

Simkins, Chris: Voice of America

Simms, Derek: Qwest Digital Media

Simon, Laura: Radio France International

Simon, Scott: National Public Radio

Simpson, Carole: ABC News

Simpson, Gary: C-SPAN

Simpson, Ross: AP-Broadcast

Singh, Nadia Yasmin: The Washington Bureau

Singhal, Sanjay: British Broadcasting Corporation

Sinn, Patricia: Univision News

Sirgany, Aleen: CBS News

Sirianne, Mary Frances: WETA-TV

Sisco, Paul: European Broadcasting Union

Sistrun, Nyya: Black Entertainment Television

Sit, David C.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Skammelsen, Poul Erik: TV2/Denmark

Skane, William J.: CBS News

Skeans, Ronald: Qwest Digital Media

Skehan, Andrea Roane: WUSA-TV

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg TV

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slewka, Stephanie: German Television/ARD

Slie, Charles: NBC News

Sloane, Ward C.: CBS News

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Slone, Sean: C-SPAN

Small, Bill: Bloomberg TV

Small, Matt: Fox News Channel

Smelser, Judith: Feature Story Productions

Smith, Candace: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Jan: CNN

Smith, Jason H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, M. Melinda: Voice of America

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Phillip: A.H. Belo Capitol

Smith, Raeshawn: CNN/TVS

Smith, Shirley: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Sidney: CNN Techn

Smith, Terence: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Smith, William: Hearst-Argyle Television

Sneed, Alison K.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snow, Kate: CNN

Snow, Tony: Fox News Channel

Snyder, David: CBN News

Sobata, Kenji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Solly, Dale C.: WJLA-TV

[[Page 1004]]

Solorzano, Gilbert J.: NBC News

Soltysiak, Tansy: CNN

Soneira, Robert: Capital News Service

Song, Teresa: CNN

Sorenson, Randall: NBC News

Soucy, Peggy M.: CNN

Southerland, Daniel: Radio Free Asia

Southern, Joel: Alaska Public Radio Network

Sowers, Malcolm: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sozio, George: ABC News

Spain, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Speer, John C.: National Public Radio

Speights, Eric V.: ABC News

Speiser, Matthew: CNN

Spektar, Eleanor: CNN

Spelman, Paul: CONUS Communications

Spence, Robert: C-SPAN

Spencer, Collins: Fox News Channel

Spencer, Darcy: Community TV of PG's

Spevak, Joe: WTTG-Fox Television

Spinrad, Naomi: NBC News

Spire, Richard H.: CBS News

Spoerry, Philip: CNN

St. John, Jonathan: CNN

St. Onge, Derek: CNN/TVS

Stage, Tina: Bloomberg TV

Stagneth, Michael: German Television/ZDF

Stallworth, Omarosa: CNN

Stamberg, Susan: National Public Radio

Standing, Peter: National Geographic Channel

Stanford, David E.: CBS News

Stang, Tim: Bloomberg TV

Starddard, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Starks, Bill: NBC-4

Starling, Walt: NBC News

Starr, Barbara: ABC News

Statler, Louis: WUSA-TV

Staton, Thomas: ABC News

Stavitsky, Inna A.: APTN

Stearns, Scott: Voice of America

Steckel, Eric: German Television/N24

Stein: Cari, Persephone Productions: Inc.

Steinhour, William: Dept. of State TV

Stellabotta, Nancy: CBN News

Stepney, Eric: C-SPAN

Steuart, Elizabeth: NBC News

Stevens, Pamela: CNN

Stevens, Patt: Black Entertainment Television

Stevenson, Carrie: CNN

Stevenson, Louis: WTTG-Fox Television

Stewart, Andrew: Salem Radio Network

Stewart, James D.: CBS News

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stoddard, Alexander: ABC News

Strand, Paul L.: CBN News

Straub, Terry: Qwest Digital Media

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Stringer, Ashley: Qwest Digital Media

Strong, David: CNN/TVS

Stumpo, Donald: NBC-4

Styles, Julian H.: CNN

Suarez, Rafael A.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Suchorski, Kristin: Deutsche Welle TV

Suddeth, James: CNN

Suddeth, Richard: CNN

Suh, Young Ho: MBC-TV

Suissa, Jimmy: CNN/TVS

Sullivan, Alyssa: NBC-TV Stations

Sullivan, Roger: Fox News Channel

Surbey, Jason: C-SPAN

Sutherland, Leigh: NBC News

Suto, Ena: TV Asahi

Suzuki, Satoru: TV Asahi

Swain, Susan M.: C-SPAN

Swain, Todd Matthew: Mobile Video Services

Swan, David: Voice of America

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Michael D.: NBC-4

Swatley, Andrew: Metro Networks

Sweeney, David: National Public Radio

Sweeney, Rachel: National Geographic Channel

Sweitzer, Richard: WTTG-Fox Television

Swink, Simone: National Geographic Channel

Sylvester, Lisa B.: ABC News

Synnott, Olivia: Fox News Channel

Syrjanen, Janne: Medill News Service

Szaroleta, Marjorie: AP-Broadcast

Szechenyi, Nicholas: Fuji Television

Szerlag, Heather: Marketplace Radio

Szutowirz, Amy: Community TV of PG's

Tabbs, Kelven: ABC News

Taglienti, Ernie: German Television/ZDF

Takahashi, Yusuke: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Takashima, Hajime: TV Asahi

Takeichi, Nobuhiro: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Tamary, Gil: Israel Television and Radio

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Television

Tamir, Dawn: CNN

Tarrant, Angela: CNN

Tarrant, Philippa: British Broadcasting Corporation

Tatton, Abbi: CNN

Tavcar, Erik: CNN

Taylor, Ann: National Public Radio

Taylor, Charles W.: ABC News

Taylor, Jacqueline: The Washington Bureau

Taylor, Michael: CNN

Teboe, Mark E.: ABC News

Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

Teeuwen, David Martin: USA Today.com

Teshima, Ryuichi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Tetu, Michelle: CNN

Thakral, Shelley: BBC

[[Page 1005]]

Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

Thevessen, Elmar: German Television/ZDF

Thinn, Soe: Radio Free Asia

Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

Thomas, Amy Jo: ABC News

Thomas, Andrew: ABC News

Thomas, Arthur: Black Entertainment Television

Thomas, Bert: HealthWeek

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas, Hugh: NewsChannel 8

Thomas, Jeanette: British Broadcasting Corporation

Thomas, Jon: Fox News Channel

Thomas, Kenny: Qwest Digital Media

Thomas, Marguerie: Talk Radio News Service

Thomas, Pierre G.: ABC News

Thomas, Sandra: NBC News

Thomas, Shari: ABC News

Thomas, Will: WTTG-Fox Television

Thompkins, Gwendolyn: National Public Radio

Thompson, Jerry: CNN/TVS

Thompson, Joseph: ABC News

Thompson, Rosemary P.: CTV Television Network

Thomson, Moriah: SRN News/Standard

Thorne, C. Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Thornton, Theodore: Qwest Digital Media

Till, Morgan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Tiller, Art: C-SPAN

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Ai: Nippon TV Network

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Timmerman, Eric: CONUS Communications

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tinnefeld, Norbert: ARD German Television

Tobias, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Todd, Brian: CNN

Todd, Deborah: CBS News

Tolliver, Terry: WTTG-Fox Television

Tollkuhu, Eckhard: Deutsche Welle TV

Tollkuhu, Felicity: Deutsche Welle TV

Toman, George: NBC NewsChannel

Tomko, Joe: Video News Service

Torgerson, Ande: Fox News Channel

Torma, Matti: Finnish Broadcasting

Torp, Ole N/: Norwegian Broadcasting

Torvalds, Nils: Finnish Broadcasting

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Touhey, Emmanuel: C-SPAN

Toulouse, Anne: Radio France International

Towne, Charles: CONUS Communications

Towriss, John: CNN

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Trengrove, James Albe: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Trentin, Jorge: Metro Teleproductions

Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

Tripp, John: CNN/TVS

Tseu, Alex: Radio Free Asia

Tubbs, Robert N.: Dept. of State TV

Tucker, Elke: German Television/ZDF

Tucker, Noel: WTTG-Fox Television

Tuel, Ted Richard: Ventana Productions

Tully, Andrew F.: Radio Free Europe

Tuohey, Kenneth: CNN/TVS

Tureck, Matthew: KTUU-TV

Turek, Betina: Worldnet Television

Turner, Al Douglas: ABC News

Turner, Martin: BBC

Turner, Patricia: CNN

Turner, Terry Lee: CONUS Communications

Turnham, Steve: CNN

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Tyler, Thomas J.: CNN/TVS

Tzemach, Gayle: ABC News

Uchimiya, Ellen: Fox News Channel

Udenans, Vija: ABC News

Uhl, Kim: CNN/TVS

Ulery, Brad: APTN

Uliano, Richard: CNN Radio

Ulloa, Victor: CBS News

Ulmer, Kenya: CNN

Ulysse, Gosset: TF1-French TV

Umrani, Anthony R.: CNN/TVS

Underwood, Colvin: NewsChannel 8

Urman, John F.: CNN/TVS

Vail, James: CNBC

Vail, Tracey: NBC News

Valcarcel, Gus: APTN

Valderrama, Anna: RCN TV

Valette, Robert: The Washington Bureau

Vallese, Juliette: CNN

Vample, Ron: AP-Broadcast

Van der Bellen, Erin: NBC-4

Van Nguyn, Khanh: Radio Free Asia

Van Susteren, Greta C.: CNN

Vance, Denise: APTN

Vander Veen, Lawrence: Mobile Video Services

Varsak, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Vaughan, Elizabeth: NBC News

Vaughan, Jason: HealthWeek

Vaughan, Scott L.: Reuters Television

Vaughan, Vincent J.: WJLA-TV

Veechione, Allan: Epress.ca

Velez, Ronald: Univision News

Vennell, Vicki: ABC News

Verenkotte, Clemens: German Public Radio

Vergara, Sandra: RCN TV

Veron, Ilyse J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Vicario, Virginia A: ABC News

Vicary, Lauren Hope: APTN

Viles, Peter: CNN

Villanueva, Laura: TV Tokyo Channel

Villarroel, Fernando: WMDO-TV Univision

[[Page 1006]]

Vinnola, Nicole: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Vinson, Bryce K.: Fox News Channel

Viqueira, Michael J.: NBC News

Virgili, Lorna: Univision News

Vitale, Rachel: Potomac Television

Vuckovic, Stephanie: Fox News Channel

Vukmer, David: NBC News

Wagner, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Wahl, Tracy: National Public Radio

Wailand, Kate: NBC-4

Walker, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Walker, Kevin: APTN

Walker, Tom: Dispatch Broadcasting Group

Walker, William: CBS News

Wall, Karin: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Wallace, James: NewsChannel 8

Wallace, John L.: Fox News Channel

Wallace, Todd: WTTG-Fox Television

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Deirdre: CNN

Walsh, Mary E.: CBS News

Walsh, Mary F.: ABC News

Walter, Charles: National Geographic Channel

Walters, Del: WJLA-TV

Walter, Mike: USA Today Live

Walz, Mark: CNN/TVS

Waqfi, GiGi-Wajd: APTN

Warakomska, Dorota: Polish Television

Warehime, Keith: C-SPAN

Warner, Margaret: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Erick: CBS News

Washington, Ervin S.: Nightly Business Report

Washington, Penny: Dispatch Broadcasting Group

Wasserman, Michele: Hamilton Productions

Waters, Artis M.: ESPN

Waters, Hunter: CNN

Waters, Jennifer: Federal News Service

Watrel, Jane: NBC-TV Stations

Watrud, Don: WTTG-Fox Television

Watson, James: Tribune Broadcasting

Watson, Robert: British Broadcasting Corporation

Watson, Walter Ray: National Public Radio

Watson, William H.: Washington News Network

Watts, Michael: CNN

Weaver, Carolyn: Voice of America

Webb, David: WJLA-TV

Webb, Tracey: CNN

Webster, Aaron: CNN/TVS

Weglarczyk, Izabela: BBC Polish Radio

Wehinger, Amy: Fox News Channel

Weidenbosch, Glenn E.: ABC News

Weiner, Eric: TBSI

Weiner, Nancy: WJLA-TV

Weinstein, Richard: C-SPAN

Wellens-Schmidt, Sheri: NBC News Channel

Weller, George: ABC News

Wells, Courtney: Fox News Channel

Welna, David: National Public Radio

Wendy, Carla: Fox News Channel

Wharton, Ned: National Public Radio

Wheeler, Scott: American Investigator Television

Wheelock, Robert S.: ABC News

Whelton, Danielle J: CNN

White, Kenneth: CNN/TVS

Whitehurst, Maurice: C-SPAN

Whiteman, Doug: AP-Broadcast

Whiting, Kristin: National Geographic Channel

Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

Wibberley, Jaimee: C-SPAN

Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

Wiedenbauer, Heidi: Cox Broadcasting

Wilhelm, Jane E.: Radio Free Asia

Wilk, Wendy: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Williams, Candace A.: Voice of America

Williams, Colleen: Fox News Channel

Williams, Jeffrey L.: Cox Broadcasting

Williams, John A.: ABC News

Williams, Keith: WUSA-TV

Williams, Kristin: CNN

Williams, LaTanya: C-SPAN

Williams, Louis A.: NBC News

Williams, Robert T: NBC News

Williams, Steven: NewsChannel 8

Williams, Wanda: C-SPAN

Willingham, Valerie A.: NBC-4

Willis, Anne Marie: Fox News Channel

Willis, Brian: CONUS Communications

Willis, Judy: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Wilmeth, Mary Dorma: NBC News

Wilner, Elizabeth: ABC News

Wilson, Brian: Fox News Channel

Wilson, G. Edwin: NewsChannel 8

Wilson, George: American Urban Radio Networks

Wilson, Kristin: CBS News

Wilson, Leigh: CBS News

Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

Wilson, Toni: CNN

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Winslow, David: Associated Press Broadcast

Winslow, Linda: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Winter, Matthew: CNN

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Winters, Paul: C-SPAN

Winthrop, Tony: Metro Teleproductions

Wisniewski, Walter: Voice of America

Witt, Holger: German Television/ARD

Witte, Joel: Ventana Productions

Witten, Robert: NBC News

Wittstock, Melinda: CNN

Wixted, Kathleen: C-SPAN

Wolfe, Lisa: WTOP Radio

[[Page 1007]]

Wolfe, Randy: CBS News

Wolff, Sarah: CBS News

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Paula: Voice of America

Wolschek, Barbara: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Woo, Moon Sun: Seoul Broadcasting System

Wood, Barry: Voice of America

Wood, Christopher: C-SPAN

Wood, Wayne C.: NBC-4

Woods, Stephanie: Nightly Business Report

Woolman, Shiloh: CONUS Communications

Wordock, Colleen: Bloomberg TV

Wordock, John: Bloomberg TV

Worth, Barbara: AP-Broadcast

Worthy, Cardozar: WJLA-TV

Wright, Brad: CNN

Wright, Cindy: WJLA-TV

Wright, Dale: WJLA-TV

Wright, Deborah: Black Entertainment Television

Wright, Miriam: WUSA-TV

Wu, Hsiang-San: Taiwan Television

Wurz, Sandra A.: CONUS Communications

Wykoff, Scott: WMAL Radio

Xiao, Yan: Phoenix Satellite Television

Y Lau, Tanya: Radio Free Asia

Yaklyvich, Brian: CNN/TVS

Yam, Raymond: Voice of America

Yamakawa, Madoka: Fuji Television

Yamashita, Takeshi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Yang, John E.: ABC News

Yao, Charlene: Formosa TV

Yates, H. William: CBS News

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio

Yektafar, Babak: C-SPAN

Yetman, Theresia: CNN

Yokota, Shiho: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Yoon, Robert: CNN

York, Martha: WETA-TV

Young, Jerome: Christian Broadcasting Netwk.

Young, Melissa: ABC News

Young, Paul: Metro Teleproductions

Young, Robert: Metro Teleproductions

Young, Saundra: CNN

Young, Thomas: MSNBC.Com

Zachurski, Tad: Polskie Public Radio

Zagorski, Arthur: Polish Television

Zaret, Elliott: MSNBC.Com

Zayed, Mahedah: Fox News Channel

Zeffler, Markus: German Television/N24

Zelnick, Eva: Fox News Channel

Zervos, Stratis: Qwest Digital Media

Zhen, Weiping: C-SPAN

Ziegler, Julie: Bloomberg TV

Zilberstein, Shirley: CNN

Zimmerman, Catherine: ABC News

Zmidzinski, Andrew: WJLA-TV

Zodun, Albert N.: NBC-4

Zosso, Elizabeth: CNN/TVS

Zumwalt, Maya: Fox News Channel

Zvaners, Martins: Radio Free Europe

Zwadiuk, Oleh: Radio Free Europe


