

Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), October 2002. - 


Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), October 2002.
[Pages 1019-1033]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--David Holmes.
Assistant Directors: Anne J. Cobb, Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Director.--Edward V. Pesce.
Assistant Directors: Robert M. Zatkowski, Kristyn N. Kline.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Cheryl Bolen, BNA 
                                                Publications, Chairman
                                            Heidi Glenn, Tax Notes, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Richard E. Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Tim Curran, Roll Call
                                            Doug Waller, Time Magazine
                                            Terence Samuel, U.S. News & 
                                                World Report
                                            Lorraine Woellert, Business 
                                                Week

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch. House organs are not eligible.

[[Page 1020]]

    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                           Christopher Dodd,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1021]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Ackley, Kate: American Lawyer Media

Adde, Nicholas L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Adelsberger, Bernard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Adler, David: CD Publications

Aker, Janet A.: FDC Reports

Albiniak, Paige: Broadcasting & Cable

Albright, Stephen: CD Publications

Aldrich, Nancy Lee: Business Publishers

Alexander, Lisa Michele: Tax Notes

Alford, Carrie Ann: CD Publications

Allen, Jodie T.: U. S. News & World Report

Allizon, Marie B.: Internewsletter

Almeras, Jon S.: Tax Notes

Aluise, Beth: National News Syndicate

Aluise, Susan J.: National News Syndicate

Amann, Paula: Washington Jewish Week

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Ament, Lucy: Food Chemical News

Amolsch, Arthur L.: FTC Watch

Analore, Andrew: Inside Mortgage Finance

Anand, Vineeta: Crain Communications

Angle, Monique: CD Publications

Anselmo, Joseph: Washington Techway

Anthes, Gary H.: IDG Communications

Antonides, David S.: Tax Notes

Aplin, Donald G.: BNA News

Archer, Jeffrey Robert: Education Week

Armbrister, Trevor: Reader's Digest

Armes, Leroy: BNA News

Arnold, Andrew: Business Publishers

Arnoult, Sandra: Penton Publishing

Arora, Vasantha: India Abroad

Ashton, Jerome C.: BNA News

Ashworth, Jerry: Telecommunications Reports

Ashworth, Susan: IMAS Publishing

Asker, James R.: Aviation Week

Assam, Cecelia M.: BNA News

Atkinson, Peter: Army Times Publishing Co.

Atwood, John F.: Washington Service Bureau

August, Lissa: Time Inc.

Aukofer, Matthew: Business Publishers

Ayayo, Herman P.: Tax Notes

Aycock, Elizabeth Wheatly: American Lawyer Media

Ayers, Carl Albert: UCG

Bacheldor, Beth: CMP Media Inc.

Bacon, Lance M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Baghdadi, Ramsey: FDC Reports

Bai, Matthew M.: Newsweek

Ball, Michael: Environment and Energy Publishing

Ballard, Tanya N.: Government Executive

Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

Banks, Howard: Forbes

Bansal, Phil: Inside Washington Publishers

Barazia, Virginia: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Barber, Jeffrey: McGraw-Hill

Barbieri, Richard: American Lawyer Media

Barnard, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Barnes, Danielle M.: CMP Media Inc.

Barnes, Fred: Weekly Standard

Barnes, James A.: National Journal

Barone, Michael: U. S. News & World Report

Barrett, Brendan: Washington Techway

Barry, John A.: Newsweek

Basinger, Julianne: Chronicle of Higher Education

Batzler, Lloyd: Washington Techway

Baumann, David: National Journal

Beargie, C. Anthony: American Shipper

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bedard, Paul: U. S. News & World Report

Beers, Allison: Food Chemical News

Beinart, Peter: New Republic

Bell, David O.: Business Publishers

Bell, John C.: Tax Notes

Bell, Kevin A.: Tax Notes

Bellos, Maria: McGraw-Hill

Belton, Beth: Business Week

Bender, Lisa: Tax Notes

Benezra, Abigail: Thompson Publishing Group

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Bennett, Heather: Tax Notes

Bennett, Jeff: Inside Washington Publishers

Bennett, Lorraine: Inside Washington Publishers

Bennett, Ralph: Reader's Digest

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mitchell: Thompson Publishing Group

Bergin, Christopher: Tax Notes

Berkowitz, Lois: Title I Report

Berlau, John: Insight Magazine

Bernstein, Aaron: Business Week

Bernstein, Jeremy: Inside Washington Publishers

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Best, Frank M.: U. S. Medicine

Beswick, Ellen: Natural Gas Intelligence

Betts, E. Mitchell: IDG Communications

Bhambhani, Dipka: Government Computer News

Bickers, Richard: McGraw-Hill

Bier, Jennifer: American Lawyer Media

Bigman-Galimore, Cabral: FDC Reports

[[Page 1022]]

Billings, Deborah: BNA News

Billitteri, Thomas J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bilodeau, Otis: American Lawyer Media

Binney, Erin: Washington Service Bureau

Birnbaum, Jeffrey H.: Time Inc.

Bishop, Bianca: Federal Publications

Blackman, Ann: Time Inc.

Blair, Julie R.: Education Week

Blalock, Cecelia: Periodicals News Service

Blanchard, Tericke: FDC Reports

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Block, Jonathan M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Blum, Debra: Chronicle of Higher Education

Blum, Vanessa: American Lawyer Media

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Boahene, Adwoa K.: FDC Reports

Bobbitt, Alla Rutstein: FDC Reports

Bodnar, Janet: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Bogino, Charles H.: BNA News

Bohmfalk, Christian T.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bolen, Cheryl L.: BNA News

Bolton, Alexander: The Hill

Bond, David: Aviation Week

Bond, Jeremy: Business Publishers

Booker, Simeon S.: Jet/Ebony

Borcherson-Keto, Sarah A.: CCH Inc.

Borger, Gloria: U. S. News & World Report

Borrego, Anne Marie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Borrus, Amy: Business Week

Bottorff, David: BNA News

Bowen, Michael: Radio & Records

Bowers, Carol: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Bowling, C. Jane: BNA News

Bowman, Chad R.: BNA News

Bowman, Darcia Harris: Education Week

Boyce, Clayton W.: Traffic World

Boyles, William Robert: Health Market Survey

Bracken, Leonard: BNA News

Brady, Matthew T.: American Banker Newsletters

Brager, Mark E.: FDC Reports

Brandolph, David Barry: BNA News

Brandon, George E.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Brandon, Priscilla T.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Branegan, James A.: Time Inc.

Brant, Martha: Newsweek

Braun, Kevin D.: Environment and Energy Publishing

Bray, Sarah: Chronicle of Higher Education

Breen, Tim: Environment and Energy Publishing

Bresnahan, John: Roll Call

Brevetti, Rossella: BNA News

Brewster, Carly: Washington Service Bureau

Brinkley, Curtis Mark: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bristow, Melissa Star: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Britt, Julie: Government Computer News

Brittenham, Jennifer Ann: Tax Notes

Broderick, Brian J.: BNA News

Broderick, Sean: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Brooks, David: Weekly Standard

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brostoff, Steven: National Underwriter

Brown, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Brown, Doug: Interactive Week

Brown, Janet M.: Press Associates

Brown, Jill: Atlantic Information Services

Brown, Patricia: CMP Media Inc.

Brown, Patricia: Radio & Records

Bruce, R. Christian: BNA News

Bruninga, Susan: BNA News

Brunori, David E.: Tax Notes

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Bueno, Marisa R.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bunch, Sandra L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Burden, Lisa D.: Institutional Investor

Burger, Kim: Inside Washington Publishers

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Burlage, John D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Burton, Douglas: Insight Magazine

Busche, Linda: UCG

Bushweller, Kevin C.: Education Week

Butcher, Lauren: Thompson Publishing Group

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Butler, Amy: Inside Washington Publishers

Butler, Mary Ellen: U. S. Medicine

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Byrne, James: CD Publications

Byus, Jonathan D.: Insight Magazine

Cahlink, George: Government Executive

Cain, Derrick: BNA News

Calabresi, Massimo: Time Inc.

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

Campbell, Kristina K.: Washington Blade

Canahuate, Tom: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cannon, Carl M.: National Journal

Cannon, Mary Angela: U. S. News & World Report

Cano, Craig S.: McGraw-Hill

Canonica, Rocco: Natural Gas Intelligence

Carey, John A.: Business Week

Carlson, Jeffrey E.: CCH Inc.

Carlson, Tucker: Weekly Standard

Carnahan, Ira: Forbes

Carnevale, Dan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Carney, Daniel: Business Week

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal

Carney, James: Time Inc.

Carney, Timothy: Human Events

Carns, Bridget A.: BNA News

Carpenter, Alison: Washington Service Bureau

Carr, Sarah: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cartwright, Linda A.: Green Sheets

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill

Cassidy, Jonathan: The Hill

[[Page 1023]]

Cassidy, William B.: Traffic World

Castelli, Christopher J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Castellon, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Catanzaro, Michael: Evans-Novak Political Report

Caterinicchia, Dan: Federal Computer Week

Cauthen, Carey: Thompson Publishing Group

Cavallaro, Gina: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cavas, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cave, Christine E.: Utility Business Magazine

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Chabel, Bernard S.: BNA News

Chait, Jonathan: New Republic

Chappell, Kevin: Jet/Ebony

Chappie, Damon: Roll Call

Chase, Martyn M.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Cherkasky, Mara: Thompson Publishing Group

Cherry, Sheila R.: Insight Magazine

Chew, Cassie M.: BNA News

Chibbaro, Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childress, Rasheeda Crayton: Business Publishers

Chineson, Joel: American Lawyer Media

Chronister, Gregory M.: Education Week

Chuo, Emily: BNA News

Ciampoli, Paul: Natural Gas Intelligence

Cillizza, Chris: Roll Call

Cillizza, Christopher: Cook Political Report

Clapp, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Clark, Colin: Army Times Publishing Co.

Clark, Ryan A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Clark, Timothy B.: Government Executive

Clark III, Paul Coe: Interactive Week

Clarke-Gomez, Irene: BNA News

Clemetson, Lynette: Newsweek

Clemmitt, Marcia: Healthcare Information

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Cline, Regina P.: BNA News

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cohen, Daniel J.: Business Publishers

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal

Cohn, Elizabeth Schwinn: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cohn, Laura: Business Week

Coleman, Cari: Thompson Publishing Group

Coleman, Janet: FDC Reports

Colenso, Robert: Army Times Publishing Co.

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Jr., Donald: Time Inc.

Collogan, David L.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Combemale, Martine: Milan Presse

Combs, Jennifer: BNA News

Compart, Andrew: Travel Weekly

Conconi, Charles N.: Washingtonian

Conlan, Michael F.: Drug Topics

Conroy, Declan: BNA News

Cook, Barbara C.: Business Travel News

Cook, Daniel T.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Cook, Steven: BNA News

Cook, Jr., Charles E.: Cook Political Report

Cooper, Catherine: Green Sheets

Cooper, Mary H.: CQ Researcher

Cooper, Matthew: Time Inc.

Cordes, Craig: Inside Washington Publishers

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Corn, David: Nation

Cosgrove, Anita Kelly: Capitol City Publishers

Costa, Keith J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Cottle, Michelle: New Republic

Coughlin, Brett: UCG

Cowart, Geoffrey: BNA News

Cox, Ana Marie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cox, Jessica: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cox, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Coyle, Marcia: National Law Journal

Crabtree, Susan: Roll Call

Craig, David Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawley, Vince: Army Times Publishing Co.

Crider, Richie: Washington Business Information

Crock, Stan: Business Week

Croft, John W.: Aviation Week

Crowley, Michael: New Republic

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Curran, Timothy: Roll Call

Curry, Leonard: Washington Crime News Services

Curthoys, Kathleen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cusack, Robert: Inside Washington Publishers

Cutler, Mark: BNA News

D'Agostino, Joseph A.: Human Events

Dalecki, Kenneth B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Daniels, Alex: Washington Techway

Darcey, Sue: Pesticide Report

Datta, Veena: BNA News

Daukantas, Patricia: Government Computer News

Davidson, Daniel: Army Times Publishing Co.

Davidson, Deirdre: American Lawyer Media

Davidson, Mark: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Lira Behrens: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Stephen: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Brett: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Davis, Kristin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Davis, Marty: National Journal

Davis, Paris D.: Metro Herald Newspaper

De France, Linda M.: McGraw-Hill

DeCarlo, Amy: CMP Media Inc.

DeMott, Kathryn: International Medical News Group

Dea, Vanessa: Education Week

Dean, Joshua: Government Executive

Degen, Colin: Business Publishers

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

Dembicki, Matthew: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Denton, Judith: Insight Magazine

Dervaries, Charles: Business Publishers

Dettling, John C.: Thompson Publishing Group

[[Page 1024]]

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

Dickerson, John F.: Time Inc.

Dickinson, Amy: Time Inc.

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

Dineen, John: Green Sheets

Dizard, Wilson: Government Computer News

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Domone, Dana: BNA News

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Donnelly, John M.: King Publishing Group

Donnelly, Sally: Time Inc.

Donoghue, James A.: Penton Publishing

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill

Dorobek, Christopher J.: Federal Computer Week

Dougan, Rachel A.: FDC Reports

Downes, Bob: Travel Trade

Doyle, Brian J.: Time Inc.

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Dressel, Althea: Tax Notes

Drew, Elizabeth: New Yorker

DuMond, Marge: National Journal

Duangmanee, Joanne: BNA News

Duff, Susanna: Crain Communications

Duffy, Jennifer: Cook Political Report

Duffy, Michael: Time Inc.

Duffy, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Duncan, Leslie A.: Green Sheets

Dunham, Nancy: UCG

Dunham, Richard S.: Business Week

Dunlap, Karin R.: CCH Inc.

Dunn, William: Research Institute of America Group

Dupont, Daniel G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Durkin, Tish: National Journal

Dwyer, Paula: Business Week

Easterbrook, Gregg: New Republic

Eberhart, David: Stars & Stripes

Edmonson, Robert G.: Traffic World

Edney, Hazel Trice: Afro American Newspapers

Edwards, Catherine: Insight Magazine

Edwards, Charles J.: Government Information Services

Edwards, Virginia B.: Education Week

Ege, Konrad: Blatter

Eggerton, John S.: Broadcasting & Cable

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eiserer, Elaine R.: Business Publishers

Eiserer, Leonard A. C.: Business Publishers

Elfin, Dana: BNA News

Engdahl, Elizabeth: American Lawyer Media

Epatko, Larisa: Environment and Energy Publishing

Evangelauf, Jean: Chronicle of Higher Education

Evelyn, Jamilah: Chronicle of Higher Education

Ewing, Laurence Lee: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Fabian, Thecla: Business Publishers

Falvella-Garraty, Susan: Irish Echo

Faram, Mark: Army Times Publishing Co.

Farnsley, Julie C.: FDC Reports

Felsher, Murray: Washington Remote Sensing Letter

Felten, Eric: Reader's Digest

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Fenoglio, Gia: National Journal

Ferguson, Andrew: Weekly Standard

Ferguson, Brett: BNA News

Ferullo, Michael: BNA News

Fickling, Amy L.: Telecommunications Reports

Field, David: Airline Business

Fine, Lisa: Education Week

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

Fingerhut, Eric: Washington Jewish Week

Fischer, Craig: Pace Publications

Fishback, Ann: Government Information Services

Fishbein, Lawrence I.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fisher, Mary Jane: National Underwriter

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Capitol City Publishers

Fitzpatrick, James F.: BNA News

Fleming, Christopher T.: Healthcare Information

Fletcher, Jay F.: Food Chemical News

Flint, Perry: Penton Publishing

Flippen, Charlie: Business Publishers

Foer, Franklin: New Republic

Fogg, Elizabeth Piper: National Journal

Fonder, Melanie: The Hill

Forster, Polly: Roll Call

Foster, Andrea: Chronicle of Higher Education

Foster, Brooke: Washingtonian

Foster, Lawrence D.: McGraw-Hill

Fotos, Christopher: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Foullon, Danielle: FDC Reports

Fourney, Susan: Government Executive

Fox, Kara: Washington Blade

Frank, Diane: Federal Computer Week

Franklin, Mary Beth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Franz, Damon: Environment and Energy Publishing

Franz, Neil R.: Chemical Week

Fraser, Katharine: McGraw-Hill

Frater, Elisabeth: National Journal

Freedberg, Jr., Sydney J.: National Journal

Frick, Robert L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Frieden, Joyce: Physician's Weekly

Friel, Brian: Government Executive

Frost, Brendan DuBois: CCH Inc.

Fulghum, David: Aviation Week

Fullerton, Jane: Farm Journal

Funk, Deborah: Army Times Publishing Co.

Gallagher, John: Traffic World

Galley, Michelle W.: Education Week

Garcia, Rodney D.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gardner, Jonathan P.: Crain Communications

Garfield, Bob: Crain Communications

Garner, W. Lynn: Green Sheets

Garwin, Laura J.: Nature

Gasparello, Linda Ann: King Publishing Group

[[Page 1025]]

Gatty, Mary Ann: Periodicals News Service

Gaul, Patricia A.: IMAS Publishing

Gegax, Thomas Trent: Newsweek

Gehring, John: Education Week

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geller, Brian: CD Publications

George, Nicole: Japan Digest

Gerecht, Michael: CD Publications

Gersemann, Olaf: Wirtschaftswoche

Gerwig, Kate: CMP Media Inc.

Gettlin, Robert H.: National Journal

Gewertz, Catherine: Education Week

Ghosh, Chandrani: Forbes

Gibb, Steven K.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gilbert, Lorraine S.: BNA News

Gilbride, Neil: BNA News

Gillis, Christopher: American Shipper

Gilston, Samuel M.: Gilston Communications Group

Ginsbach, Pam D.: BNA News

Giordano, Dorothy J.: FDC Reports

Giridharadas, Anand: New Republic

Gizzi, John: Human Events

Gleckman, Howard: Business Week

Glenn, Heidi: Tax Notes

Gluck, Stephen: Inside Washington Publishers

Gnaedinger, Chuck: Tax Notes

Goldberg, Kirsten: Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Paul: Cancer Letter

Goldman, Ted: American Lawyer Media

Goldstein, Sid: Pace Publications

Goldwasser, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldwyn, Brant: BNA News

Golub, Barbra: Research Institute of America Group

Goode, Darren: Inside Washington Publishers

Goode, Stephen Ray: Insight Magazine

Goodwin, Anne B.: BNA News

Goodwine, Velma: Research Institute of America Group

Gordon, Kelly J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gorman, S. Siobhan: National Journal

Gose, Ben: Chronicle of Higher Education

Goulder, Robert: Tax Notes

Gowen, Jessica: Capitol City Publishers

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Grabow, Colin: Defense Focus

Graham, Jill M.: National Journal

Graham, Oswald G.: Tax Notes

Grano, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Grebb, Michael: Cablevision Magazine

Green, Charles A.: National Journal

Green, Stephanie: Washington Business Information

Green, Victoria K.: Natural Gas Week

Greenberg, Daniel S.: Science & Government Report

Greenberg, Kevin M.: FDC Reports

Greenblatt, Alan: Governing

Greene, Jenna: American Lawyer Media

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

Gregorits, Angela: BNA News

Grena, Mary Ann: BNA News

Gretschel, Regina: Business Publishers

Griffith, Joan H.: BNA News

Groner, Jonathan: American Lawyer Media

Grossman, Elaine M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gruber, Peter: Focus

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Gruenwald, Juliana: Interactive Week

Grupe', Bob: Business Publishers

Gruss, Jean: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Guay, Thomas: Progressive Business Publications

Guerra, John: Billing World Magazine

Gutman, Roy: Newsweek

Guttman, George: Tax Notes

Hadley, Richard D.: UCG

Hafner, Lauren: FDC Reports

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Hamilton, Amy: Tax Notes

Hammond, Brian: Telecommunications Reports

Han, Eun Hee: Government Information Services

Haney, Joe: National Journal

Haniffa, Abdul Aziz: India Abroad

Hansard, Sara: Crain Communications

Hansen, Brian: CQ Researcher

Hansen, David: CCH Inc.

Hansen, David: UCG

Hanson, Christine M.: Federal Publications

Harbert, Tam: Electronic Business

Harbrecht, Douglas A.: Business Week

Hargreaves, Jonathan: FDC Reports

Harkins, Donna: Insight Magazine

Harkness, Peter A.: Governing

Harman, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Harmon, Bruce: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Harras, Steven: BNA News

Harrington, Timothy P.: FDC Reports

Harris, Donna L.: Crain Communications

Harris, Joann Christine: Tax Notes

Harris, Katherine: BNA News

Harris, Lona C.: Time Inc.

Harris, Louise A.: Business Publishers

Harris, Scott: CD Publications

Harris, Shane: Government Executive

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Hart, Kathleen: Food Chemical News

Hasson, Judith B.: Federal Computer Week

Hatch, David M.: Crain Communications

Hawkins, Dana: U. S. News & World Report

Hayes, Kim: Business Publishers

Hayes, Lisa L.: Government Information Services

Hayes, Peter S.: BNA News

Hazard, Charles: Insight Magazine

Headlee, Lisa Jeanne: Business Publishers

Hearn, Edward T.: Multichannel News

[[Page 1026]]

Heath, Erin J.: National Journal

Hebert, Adam: Inside Washington Publishers

Heckathorn, Mark E.: Natural Gas Week

Hedges, Joyce: BNA News

Heflin, Jay: UCG

Heil, Emily A.: BNA News

Hembera, Jr., John E.: Tax Notes

Hendrie, Caroline: Education Week

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Henning, Jonathan: Defense Focus

Henry, Ed: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Henry, Edward M.: Roll Call

Henry, Natalie: Environment and Energy Publishing

Herard, Vladimire: CD Publications

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Hess, Glenn H.: Chemical Market Reporter

Heyd, Cindy Ann: Tax Notes

Hickey, Jennifer: Insight Magazine

Hickey, Kathleen: Traffic World

Hicks, Travis: CD Publications

Hiebert, Murray: Far Eastern Economic Review

Higgins, John: McGraw-Hill

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hill, Tichakorn: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hillenbrand, Barry: Time Inc.

Hillgren, Sonja: Farm Journal

Hillhouse, Virginia S.: Business Publishers

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hobbs, Susan: BNA News

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Donald: Government Information Services

Hoffman, Rebecca: BNA News

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Hofmeister, Elizabeth W.: BNA News

Holbrook, Lawrence: CCH Inc.

Holland, Bill: Billboard Magazine

Holly, Tricia: Travel Agent Magazine

Holmes, Allan T.: Federal Computer Week

Holt, Robert: UCG

Holzer, Robert D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hoover, Kent: Washington Business Journal

Horne, William W.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Horner, Dan: McGraw-Hill

Horwood, Rachel Jane: Economist

Hosenball, Mark: Newsweek

Hotta, Yoshio: Yomiuri America

Hoversten, Paul: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Howard, Joe: Radio & Records

Howell, Adrion J.: Tax Notes

Howell, Arnesa A.: BNA News

Hruby, Laura: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hubbard, Catherine A.: CCH Inc.

Hughes, Jr., John D.: Aviation Week

Hunter, Gabrielle: FTC Watch

Hutchens, George: CD Publications

Hutnyan, Joseph D.: McGraw-Hill

Ichniowski, Thomas F.: McGraw-Hill

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iekel, John F.: Thompson Publishing Group

Imperio, Winnie Anne: International Medical News Group

Ingersoll, Stephanie: BNA News

Irvin, Helen D.: BNA News

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Iyengar, Sunil: FDC Reports

Jackman, Frank: McGraw-Hill

Jackson, Rochelle D.: BNA News

Jackson, Valarie: McGraw-Hill

Jackson, William K.: Government Computer News

Jacobson, Louis: National Journal

Jaffe, Harry S.: Washingtonian

Jeffrey, Terence P.: Human Events

Jenkins, Scott: FDC Reports

Johnson, Fawn: BNA News

Johnson, Kimberly E.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Johnson, Regina: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Johnston, Margret: IDG Communications

Johnston, Robert C.: Education Week

Jones, David: McGraw-Hill

Jones, George: CCH Inc.

Jones, Helen: BNA News

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, Mary Lynn: The Hill

Jonson, Nicholas G.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Jordan, Anne: Governing

Jordan, Brian D.: McGraw-Hill

Joseph, Ludwina: Outlook

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Judis, John: New Republic

Kabbany, Jennifer Messera: Weekly Standard

Kachman, Michael: Insight Magazine

Kahn, Benjamin: BNA News

Kaley, Kevin: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kane, Paul: Roll Call

Kantin, Kerry L.: The Hill

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

Karam, Samir F.: Al-Kifah Al-Arabi

Karpf, Ben: U. S. Medicine

Kass, Marcia B.: BNA News

Kassabian, Gloria B.: Business Week

Kauffman, Tim: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kavanagh, Susan: Washington Service Bureau

Kavruck, Angela: Washington Counseletter

Kavruck, Samuel: Washington Counseletter

Keane, Karol Anne: National Journal

Keen, Lisa Melinda: Washington Blade

Keller, Amy M.: Roll Call

Keller, Bess: Education Week

Keller, Gail: BNA News

Kellogg, Alex P.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kelly, Cathy: FDC Reports

Kelly, Patrice Wingert: Newsweek

[[Page 1027]]

Kent, Christina: Physician's Weekly

Keplinger, Carolyn: McGraw-Hill

Kessler, Elaine: BNA News

Khor, Lena: FDC Reports

Kidney, Stephen C.: CD Publications

Kiernan, Vincent: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kilian, Martin: Die Weltwoche

Kim, Angela: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Kim, Helen: Government Information Services

King, Llewellyn W.: King Publishing Group

Kingdom, Arthur: Inside Washington Publishers

Kinzley, Judd: MII Publications

Kiplinger, Austin H.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kirby, Paul: Telecommunications Reports

Kirkland, John Robert: BNA News

Kisliuk, Bill: American Lawyer Media

Kitfield, James: National Journal

Kittross, David: CD Publications

Klaidman, Daniel: Newsweek

Klein, Judith: National Journal

Kleiner, Henry E.: Business Publishers

Kline, Jerry Lee: Thompson Publishing Group

Klintberg, Patricia Peak: Farm Journal

Knapik, Michael: McGraw-Hill

Knestout, Brian: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Knutson, Ted: Inside Washington Publishers

Koch, Andrew: Jane's Information Group

Koch, Kathy: CQ Researcher

Kondracke, Morton M.: Roll Call

Kosnett, Jeffrey: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal

Kozlowski, Sally P.: Research Institute of America Group

Kramer, David: Science & Government Report

Kramer, Linda: Time Inc.

Kramer, Steven R.: King Publishing Group

Krampe, Autumn: Inside Washington Publishers

Krantz, Adam: Inside Washington Publishers

Krause, Kristin S.: Traffic World

Kriz, Margaret E.: National Journal

Kruger, John: Institutional Investor

Kucher, Liane: McGraw-Hill

Kuckro, Rod: McGraw-Hill

Kuhn, Mark: CD Publications

Kulman, Linda: U. S. News & World Report

Kurtz, Josh: Washington Techway

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

Labash, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Labbe, Colleen: Thompson Publishing Group

Laffler, Mary Jo: FDC Reports

Landauer, William: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lane, Patrick: Inside Washington Publishers

Langel, Stephen: Inside Washington Publishers

Langlois, Gregory James: Federal Computer Week

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Lardner, Richard: Inside Washington Publishers

Larose, Marni D.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Larsen, Kathy Carolin: McGraw-Hill

Larson, Adrianne: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Lash, Steve: Food Chemical News

Last, Jonathan: Weekly Standard

Lauerman, Kerry: Salon Magazine

Laurent, Anne: Government Executive

Lavelle, Marianne: U. S. News & World Report

Lawrence, Richard: Traffic World

Laws, Jerry: Environment and Energy Publishing

Lawson, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Leavitt, David I.: Environment and Energy Publishing

Lechy, Emily: Government Information Services

Lecky, D. Mason: FDC Reports

Lederman, Douglas J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lee, Diane R.: FDC Reports

Lee, Georgiana: National Mortgage News

Leibel, Aaron: Washington Jewish Week

Leiser, Roland: Association Meetings

Leithauser, Tom: Telecommunications Reports

Lekus, Eric: BNA News

Leopold, George: CMP Media Inc.

Leske, Gisela: Der Spiegel

Levesque, Carl: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Levine, Daniel R.: Reader's Digest

Levy, Sara E.: Telecommunications Reports

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Lipman, Harvy: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lipowicz, Alice M.: Crain Communications

Lithwick, Dahlia Hannah: Slate

Lizza, Ryan: New Republic

Lockett, Brian A.: BNA News

Logan, Christopher P.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Lopez, Ramon L.: Airline Business

Lorch, Donatella: Newsweek

Lord, Mary C.: U. S. News & World Report

Lorenzetti, Maureen Shields: Oil & Gas Journal

Lott, Steven: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill

Lovern, Edward: Crain Communications

Lowe, Christian A.: King Publishing Group

Lowe, Paul: Aviation International News

Lowther, William A.: Mail on Sunday

Lubold, Gordon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Luccioli, Colleen: Environment and Energy Publishing

Lucier, James P.: Insight Magazine

Lumb, Jacquelyn: Washington Service Bureau

Lunney, Kellie: Government Executive

Lutterbeck, Claus: Stern

Lynch, Bob: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lynch, Kerry: McGraw-Hill/Aero

MacDonald, Neil: Technology Commercialization

MacKeil, Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

MacRae, Catherine: Inside Washington Publishers

Macilwain, Colin: Nature

[[Page 1028]]

Madrigal, Jacqueline: Radio & Records

Maggs, John J.: National Journal

Magill, Barbara: Thompson Publishing Group

Magnusson, Paul: Business Week

Mahoney, Fabia H.: BNA News

Mahrt, Nicholas R. A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Maier, Timothy: Insight Magazine

Maixner, Edward: Farm Progress News

Maloney, Christopher: MII Publications

Mani, Meredith Billman: Inside Washington Publishers

Mann, Paul S.: Aviation Week

Manning, Robert F.: Tax Notes

Mannix, Margaret: U. S. News & World Report

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Marcisz, Christopher: Inside Washington Publishers

Marcucci, Carl: Radio Business Report

Mariani, Patricia: Federal Publications

Markley, Theresa Lynn: Research Institute of America Group

Marois, Denise: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Marre, Klaus: Inside Washington Publishers

Marsan, Carolyn Duffy: IDG Communications

Martinez, Michael: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Marvin, Robert: McGraw-Hill

Masci, David: CQ Researcher

Mason, Victoria Ann: Telecommunications Reports

Mathis, Lisa: BNA News

Mathur, Neha: Insight Magazine

Mathur, Vandana: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Matloff, Rebecca A.: FDC Reports

Matthews, Jim: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Matthews, Martha A.: BNA News

Matthews, S. William: Federal Computer Week

Matus, Victorino: Weekly Standard

Matusow-Nelson, Barbara: Washingtonian

Mauro, Tony: American Lawyer Media

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mazumdar, Anandashankar: BNA News

Mazzetti, Mark: U. S. News & World Report

McBeth, Karen: McGraw-Hill

McCaffery, Gregory: BNA News

McCaney, Kevin: Government Computer News

McCarter, Mickey: Stars & Stripes

McCarthy, Michael P.: King Publishing Group

McCaughan, Michael: FDC Reports

McClenahen, John: Penton Publishing

McConnell, Beth Ann: Business Publishers

McConnell, William: Broadcasting & Cable

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing News

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McCullagh, Declan: Wired News

McDonald, Marci: U. S. News & World Report

McFadden, Edward: Reader's Digest

McGeehon, Dale: Business Publishers

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McHugh, Jane Claire: Army Times Publishing Co.

McInerney, Susan: BNA News

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McLane, Paul J.: IMAS Publishing

McLemee, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

McManigal, Barney: Telecommunications Reports

McManus, Brooke E.: FDC Reports

McMurtrie, Beth: Chronicle of Higher Education

McNamee, Michael D.: Business Week

McTague, James: Barron's

McVicker, William: Recall

Mechcatie, Elizabeth: International Medical News Group

Meldrum, Sarah: Pace Publications

Melillo, Wendy: Adweek Magazine

Menke, Susan: Government Computer News

Mercier, Francesca: Exchange Monitor Publications

Mercurio, John: Roll Call

Merrill, Jessica E.: FDC Reports

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Messmer, Ellen: IDG Communications

Messmer, Jack L.: Radio Business Report

Methvin, Eugene: Reader's Digest

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call

Michels, Jennifer: Travel Agent Magazine

Mientka, Matthew: U. S. Medicine

Miller, David W.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Miller, Ian C.: The Hill

Miller, John J.: National Review

Miller, Julie A.: Title I Report

Miller, Kate: IDG Communications

Miller, Margaret: BNA News

Miller, Michael S.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Miller, Reed J.: FDC Reports

Miller, Richard: Business Week

Miller, W. Kent: Army Times Publishing Co.

Miller, William H.: Penton Publishing

Milligan, Michael: Travel Weekly

Minton-Beddoes, Zanny: Economist

Minzer, Elise: Thompson Publishing Group

Mitchell, John: Reader's Digest

Moffett, Anne: Time Inc.

Mohr, Patti: Tax Notes

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Mola, Roger Andrew: Aviation International News

Monastersky, Richard: Chronicle of Higher Education

Monroe, John: Federal Computer Week

Montgomery, Alicia R.: Salon Magazine

Montwieler, Nancy: BNA News

Moore, James Gerry: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Moore, Jennifer L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moore, Nancy J.: BNA News

Moore, Pamela Susan: Capitol Publications

Moorman, Robert W.: Aviation Week

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morales, Cecilio: MII Publications

[[Page 1029]]

Morehead, Nicholas: Federal Computer Week

Morehouse, Macon: Time Inc.

Morring, Jr., Frank: Aviation Week

Morris, Jefferson F.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Morris, Jodie: National Journal

Morris, Walter: FDC Reports

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morrissey, Matt: BNA News

Morton, Peter: Financial Post

Mosquera, Mary: CMP Media Inc.

Moylan, Brian: Washington Blade

Mukherjee, Sushant S.: FDC Reports

Muller, Stephanie L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Mundy, Alicia: Adweek Magazine

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munro, Neil P.: National Journal

Munsey, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Muolo, Paul: National Mortgage News

Murdoch, Joyce M.: National Journal

Murray, Mark: National Journal

Murray, William: Federal Computer Week

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Muth, Katherine P.: Sedgwick Publishing

Najor, Pamela: BNA News

Nance, Scott: King Publishing Group

Nash, James L.: Penton Publishing

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Neill, Alex: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nelson, Suzanne: Roll Call

Neusner, Noam: U. S. News & World Report

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill

Newman, Bernard: BNA News

Newman, Richard J.: U. S. News & World Report

Nichols, Hans: Insight Magazine

Nicklin, Julie L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Nishtar, Aziz ul Haque: Tax Notes

Noah, Timothy Robert: Slate

Nolet, Amy M.: McGraw-Hill

Nordwall, Bruce D.: Aviation Week

North, David M.: Aviation Week

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Novak, Viveca: Time Inc.

O'Beirne, Kate Walsh: National Review

O'Briant, Sally M.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

O'Brien, Sarah: Crain Communications

O'Bryan, William P.: Washington Blade

O'Connor, Erin: Research Institute of America Group

O'Connor, Rory: Interactive Week

O'Hara, Colleen M.: Federal Computer Week

O'Leary, Elizabeth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Ochs, Natalie A.: FDC Reports

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Oliphant, James: American Lawyer Media

Olsen, Florence: Chronicle of Higher Education

Olson, Lynn: Education Week

Onley, Dawn S.: Government Computer News

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Oremland, Ryan: Telecommunications Reports

Orleans, Anne: Washington New Observer

Orr, Christopher: New Republic

Orr, Tony Lee: Government Computer News

Orrick, Sarah: Congressional Digest

Orth, Maureen: Vanity Fair

Osterman, Andrew: Wired News

Ostroff, Jim: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Osvath, Rebecca: Food Chemical News

Padmanabhan, Anant R.: FDC Reports

Page, Paul: Traffic World

Pak, Janne Kum Cha: USA Journal

Palmer, Avery: Inside Washington Publishers

Palmer, Jennifer: Army Times Publishing Co.

Pappalardo, Denise: IDG Communications

Parisi, Gretchen: Thompson Publishing Group

Parker, John: Economist

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parrish, Molly R.: Pace Publications

Parthasarathy, Hemai: Nature

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Patterson, Allison: Washington Crime News Services

Patton, Oliver B.: Heavy Duty Trucking

Paulson, William Clifford: FDC Reports

Paynter, Jennifer D.: MII Publications

Pearcey, J. Richard: Human Events

Peckenpaugh, Jason: Government Executive

Pegg, Jonathan R.: IMAS Publishing

Pekow, Charles: LP/Gas

Penland, Kim: Inside Washington Publishers

Perine, Keith: IDG Communications

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Pershing, Benjamin: Roll Call

Peters, Katherine M.: Government Executive

Peters, Sally: International Medical News Group

Petersen, Tina: McGraw-Hill

Peterson, Donna M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Petrocelli, Rachel: Inside Washington Publishers

Pettigrew, Sharon Rae: IMAS Publishing

Pexton, Patrick: National Journal

Phibbs, Pat: BNA News

Pick, Merav: Inside Washington Publishers

Pilson, Karen: BNA News

Pimley, D. Ward: BNA News

Pinzler, Petra: Die Zeit

Piotrowski, Matt: McGraw-Hill

Plotz, David: Slate

Plummer, Anne: Inside Washington Publishers

Podesta, Jane: Time Inc.

Polachek, Jay S.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Polen, Danielle M.: Federal Publications

Pollard, Rebecca: American Lawyer Media

Polster, Nathaniel: HLB Newsletter

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Porado, Philip: UCG

[[Page 1030]]

Postal, Arthur D.: American Banker Newsletters

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Powers, William: National Journal

Prah, Pamela: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Precht, Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Pressman, Aaron: IDG Communications

Preston, Mark: Roll Call

Preston, Meredith: BNA News

Proulx, James J.: McGraw-Hill

Provost, Michael J.: FDC Reports

Pryde, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Pueschel, Matt: U. S. Medicine

Pulley, John L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Quenqua, Douglas: PR Week

Rabb, Charles: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Rabil, Daniel: McGraw-Hill

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Radow, Jonathan: FDC Reports

Radziejewska, Natalia: Tax Notes

Ragavan, Chitra: U. S. News & World Report

Ralston, Holley A.: Business Publishers

Ramos, Elizabeth: Radio & Records

Rankin, Ken: Lebhar-Friedman Publications

Ratnam, Gopal: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rawson, Kathleen E.: FDC Reports

Ray, Diana: Insight Magazine

Razzi, Elizabeth A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Reddy, Tarun: Telecommunications Reports

Reeb, Tyler: Satellite Business News

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Reese, April G.: Environment and Energy Publishing

Reibling, Pete: Washington Business Information

Reichard, John: Healthcare Information

Reid, Karla S.: Education Week

Reid, Kenneth: Washington Information Source

Reilly, Kathleen: Federal Publications

Reistrup, John V.: JR Publishing

Rheault, Magali: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rhein, Jr., Reginald W.: Scrip World Pharmaceutical News

Ribas, Jorge Luis: Government Information Services

Richard, Alan: Education Week

Rickman, Johnathan: Tax Notes

Ridgeway, James: Village Voice

Riley, Karen Jane: Clinica

Ringel, Jonathan: American Lawyer Media

Ritterpusch, Kurt: BNA News

Rizer, Steven: KLA Group

Rizzo, Katherine: BNA News

Robb, Karen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Robelen, Erik: Education Week

Roberson, Peggy: King Publishing Group

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Roberts, Vanessa Jo: Government Computer News

Roberts, Victoria: BNA News

Robertson, Jack W.: CMP Media Inc.

Robinson, Matthew: Human Events

Robinson, Paulette J.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Robinson, Thomas Steven: Mass Transit Lawyer

Rockelli, Lisa M.: BNA News

Rockwell, Mark: CMP Media Inc.

Rodger, William: Interactive Week

Rodriguez, Eva: American Lawyer Media

Rodriguez, Paul M.: Insight Magazine

Roeder, Linda: BNA News

Rogers, Adam: Newsweek

Rogers, Amy: CMP Media Inc.

Rogers, Farro: BNA News

Rogers, Warren: Associated Features

Roha, Ronaleen: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rohde, Peter: Inside Washington Publishers

Rohrer, S. Scott: National Journal

Rojas, Warren A.: Tax Notes

Rolfsen, Bruce: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rollins, Jonathon: Insight Magazine

Roosevelt, Ann: King Publishing Group

Rose, Lois C.: BNA News

Rose, Phil: Professional Pilot Magazine

Rosen, Jeffrey: New Republic

Rosen, Jill: Federal Computer Week

Rosenberg, Debra: Newsweek

Roth, Siobhan: American Lawyer Media

Rothstein, Betsy: The Hill

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Ruark, Jennifer K.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Rubin, Courtney: Washingtonian

Rubin, Debra: Washington Jewish Week

Rugaber, Chris: BNA News

Rushford, Greg: Rushford Report

Ruthman, Heather M.: BNA News

Ryan, Margaret L.: McGraw-Hill

Saba, Monica: Radio & Records

Sack, Joetta L.: Education Week

Safford, David T.: BNA News

Sager, Ryan: Wired News

Sala, Susan J.: BNA News

Saldarini, Katy: Government Executive

Saletan, William: Slate

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Sammon, Richard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Samuel, Terence: U. S. News & World Report

Samuelsohn, Darren: Environment and Energy Publishing

Samuelson, Robert: Newsweek

Sandham, Jessica L.: Education Week

Sangillo, Gregg Thomas: National Journal

Sarkar, Dibya: Federal Computer Week

Sarkis, Paul A.: BNA News

Sartipzadeh, S. Ali: BNA News

Sartor, Chanel: Penton Publishing

Satchell, Michael John: U. S. News & World Report

Sattler, Cheryl: Government Information Services

Schaffer, Michael: U. S. News & World Report

Schapiro, Stephen: Traffic World

Schatz-Guthrie, Kathy: Tax Notes

[[Page 1031]]

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schmidt Jr., Robert R.: Brill's Content

Schmitt, Christopher H.: Business Week

Schmollinger, Christian D.: Natural Gas Week

Schneider, Andrew C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schneider, Martin A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Schoenberg, Tom: American Lawyer Media

Schoenhaus, Robert M.: Tax Notes

Schorr, Burt: UCG

Schoultz, Cathleen O'Connor: BNA News

Schuff, Sally: Farm Progress News

Schultz, Evan P.: American Lawyer Media

Schulz, John D.: Traffic World

Schulz, William: Reader's Digest

Schuster, Elizabeth: Government Information Services

Schwartz, Cindy: FDC Reports

Schwartz, Stephen Alfred: Jewish Forward

Scorza, John Forrest: CCH Inc.

Scott, Cordia: Tax Notes

Scott, Dean T.: BNA News

Seckora, Melissa: National Review

Sedlak, Teresa: Time Inc.

Seffers, George: Federal Computer Week

Seidenberg, John: Federal Employees News Digest

Self, Kevin: Washington Business Information

Selinger, Marc: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal

Sergeon, Janet L.: BNA News

Setze, Karen Jeanne: Tax Notes

Seyler, David P.: Radio Business Report

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shackelford, Lucy: Newsweek

Shafer, Jack: Slate

Shaffrey, Mary M.: The Hill

Shanahan, Eileen: Governing

Shannon, Darren: Travel Agent Magazine

Shannon, Elaine: Time Inc.

Shapiro, Joseph P.: U. S. News & World Report

Shaver, Leslie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Shea, Richard L.: Federal Publications

Shehzad, Noor: FDC Reports

Sheppard, Doug: Tax Notes

Sherfy, Elizabeth Jean: Thompson Publishing Group

Sherman, Jason: Army Times Publishing Co.

Sherman, Mark W.: CD Publications

Shields, Todd: Editor and Publisher

Shin, Annys: Washington City Paper

Shipman, William Matthew: Inside Washington Publishers

Shomper, Corie: Business Publishers

Shoop, Thomas J.: Government Executive

Shute, Nancy: U. S. News & World Report

Sidey, Hugh S.: Time Inc.

Sidor, Tara: Inside Washington Publishers

Silva, Jeffrey S.: Crain Communications

Silverberg, David: The Hill

Silverman, Bridget L.: FDC Reports

Silverman, Jennifer: International Medical News Group

Silverstone, Ken: Business Publishers

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal

Simmons, Nancy F.: BNA News

Simon, Roger: U. S. News & World Report

Simon, Seena: Army Times Publishing Co.

Singer, Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Singleton, Joe: Inside Washington Publishers

Sirak, Michael: Jane's Information Group

Skilling, Kenneth: BNA News

Skinner, David: Weekly Standard

Skolnik, Sarah: Time Inc.

Skovron, James W.: BNA News

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Smaglik, Paul: Nature

Small, John R.: BNA News

Smallwood, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

Smith, Eileen B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, John Allen: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, Joseph J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Smith, Marcus J.: UCG

Smith, Rhonda: Washington Blade

Smith, Roger P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Solomon, Burton R.: National Journal

Solomon, Francis: Federal Employees News Digest

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Soskis, Benjamin: New Republic

Spangler, Matthew: McGraw-Hill

Speaker, Scott C.: Natural Gas Week

Speights, Michael David: Business Publishers

Spence, Charles F.: Flyer

Spencer, Patricia S.: BNA News

Spieler, Rebecca: FDC Reports

Sprague, Dean: Budget & Program

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

Srodes, James L.: World Trade

St. Pierre, Nicole: Business Week

Stam, John: BNA News

Stanley, Scott: Insight Magazine

Stanton, John Roberts: Inside Washington Publishers

Stanton, Lynn E.: Telecommunications Reports

Staples, Edward: CD Publications

Starling, Jim: Federal Employees News Digest

Starr, Alexandra: Business Week

Starr, Beth: BNA News

Steele, Zaira: Steele Communications

Stein, Keith: King Publishing Group

Stein, Lisa: U. S. News & World Report

Steinberg, Julie: BNA News

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Steis, Alexander Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Stevens, Allison: The Hill

Stewart, William H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stichter, Charlotte: Federal Publications

Stimmel, Katherine M.: BNA News

[[Page 1032]]

Stimson, Leslie: IMAS Publishing

Stoesen, Carolyn A.: Washington Blade

Stoffer, Harry: Crain Communications

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stoler, Judith: Time Inc.

Stone, Gregory M.: Mobile Radio Technology

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal

Stover, Kathy A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stowell, Alan M.: BNA News

Stratton, Sheryl: Tax Notes

Straub, Noelle: The Hill

Stricherz, Mark: Education Week

Strohm, Chris: Inside Washington Publishers

Strong, Eric: McGraw-Hill

Struglinski, Suzanne: Environment and Energy Publishing

Stulin, Jamie L.: FDC Reports

Sturges, Peyton M.: BNA News

Suellentrop, Chris: Slate

Suggs, Welch: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sullivan, Colin: Environment and Energy Publishing

Sullivan, John H.: BNA News

Sullivan, Monica C.: National Journal

Sultan, Michael: Natural Gas Week

Sutter, Susan M.: FDC Reports

Svitak, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Swope, Christopher: Governing

Sybor, Adrian: BNA News

Taborn, Tyrone: Career Communications Group

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Tackett, R. Michael: U. S. News & World Report

Taft, Darryl: CMP Media Inc.

Talley, Kenneth: BNA News

Tapper, Jake: Salon Magazine

Tatum, Melanie: McGraw-Hill

Taube, Herman: Jewish Forward

Taulbee, Pamela D.: UCG

Tavares, Traci: IMAS Publishing

Taylor, Richard: Business Publishers

Taylor, Ronald: BNA News

Taylor, Stephanie K.: Insight Magazine

Taylor, Stuart S.: National Journal

Taylor, Vincent: UCG

Teinowitz, Ira: Crain Communications

Temin, Thomas R.: Government Computer News

Templeton, Mame: Business Publishers

Terry, Rob: Washington Techway

Terry, Shawn: McGraw-Hill

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thibodeau, Patrick: IDG Communications

Thomas, Griff: Congressional Digest

Thomas, Richard: Newsweek

Thompson, Dick: Time Inc.

Thompson, Mark J.: Time Inc.

Thormeyer, Robert J.: McGraw-Hill

Thorn, Judith: BNA News

Thorndike, Joseph: Tax Notes

Tiboni, Francis: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tigner, Brooks: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tillett, Scott: CMP Media Inc.

Timlin, Stacy: Inside Mortgage Finance

Timmerman, Kenneth R.: Insight Magazine

Tinkelman, Joseph: BNA News

Tobias, Susan Meader: Thompson Publishing Group

Todaro, Jane: Business Week

Tolchin, Martin: The Hill

Toloken, Steve: Crain Communications

Toteja, Geeta: Express India

Tracy, Tennille: Inside Washington Publishers

Treadway, Todd L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Trigoboff, Dan: Broadcasting & Cable

Trimble, Paula S.: Federal Computer Week

Triplett, Michael R.: BNA News

Troshinsky, Lisa: King Publishing Group

Trotter, Andrew: Education Week

Tsimekles, Diane: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tumulty, Karen: Time Inc.

Turque, Bill: Newsweek

Twohey, Megan: National Journal

Udoff, David: Natural Gas Week

Uhlendorf, Karl: FDC Reports

Urdan, Rachel: Inside Washington Publishers

Usher, Anne K.: Washington Techway

Van Atta, Dale: Reader's Digest

Van Der Werf, Martin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Van Dongen, Rachel: Roll Call

Vande Linde, Patrick N.: Tax Notes

Vandegrift, Beth: Thompson Publishing Group

Vanora, Kim: Roll Call

Vasagam, Malini: Washington Service Bureau

Vasishtha, Preeti: Government Computer News

Vaughan, Allyson: Wireless Week

Vaughan, Martin: Inside Washington Publishers

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Victor, Kirk: National Journal

Vidas, Chris: BNA News

Vinch, Charles: Army Times Publishing Co.

Voelz, Martha: Chronicle of Higher Education

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Walczak, Lee: Business Week

Walker, Richard: Government Computer News

Wall, Robert: Aviation Week

Waller, Douglas C.: Time Inc.

Wallison, Ethan: Roll Call

Walsh, Gertrude: Government Computer News

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U. S. News & World Report

Walsh, Mark: Education Week

Walter, Amy: Cook Political Report

Ware, Andrew: Natural Gas Week

Ware, Patricia.: BNA News

Warner, Veronica Lynn: Tax Notes

Wasch, Adam: BNA News

Wasserman, Elizabeth A.: IDG Communications

Waterfield, Larry: Vance Publishing

[[Page 1033]]

Watkins, Steve: Army Times Publishing Co.

Wear, Benjamin Frank: Education Week

Weaver, Heather Forsgren: Crain Communications

Weber, Rick: Inside Washington Publishers

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Weil, Jenny: McGraw-Hill

Weinstein, Gary A.: BNA News

Weinstock, Matthew: Government Executive

Weisberg, Jacob: Slate

Weisskopf, Michael: Time Inc.

Welch, Jake: National Journal

Welch, Rupert: Furniture Today

Welch, Wayne M.: CD Publications

Wells, Robert J.: Tax Notes

Weltsch, Lisa: Federal Publications

Werble, Cole Palmer: FDC Reports

Werner, Karen Leigh: BNA News

West, Donald V.: Broadcasting & Cable

Wheeler, Christina: Inside Washington Publishers

Wheeler, David L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

White, Elizabeth A.: BNA News

White, Frank: McGraw-Hill

White, Jack E.: Time Inc.

White, Rodney: McGraw-Hill

Whitehouse, Elizabeth: Business Publishers

Whitelaw, Kevin: U. S. News & World Report

Whitman, David deF.: U. S. News & World Report

Whittington, Lauren: Roll Call

Wiener, Leonard: U. S. News & World Report

Wieser, Eric M.: Business Publishers

Wilcox, Melynda D.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Wilczek, Michael J.: McGraw-Hill

Wildavsky, Ben: U. S. News & World Report

Wildman, Sarah: New Republic

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: Business Week

Wilhelm, Ian: Chronicle of Higher Education

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Eileen J.: BNA News

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeanne: Capitol City Publishers

Williams, Jeffrey: Satellite Business News

Williams, Risa: Tax Notes

Wilner, Frank N.: Traffic World

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Wilson, Tim: CMP Media Inc.

Windish, David F.: Tax Notes

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Winograd, Erin Q.: Inside Washington Publishers

Winograd, Jeffrey: Food Chemical News

Winston, Sherie: McGraw-Hill

Winter, Thomas S.: Human Events

Wisniowski, Charles: CD Publications

Witcher, Chantay R.: CMP Media Inc.

Witkin, Gordon: U. S. News & World Report

Witmer, Rachel S.: BNA News

Witt, Elder: Governing

Witt, Howard: Washington City Paper

Wittman, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Woellert, Lorraine: Business Week

Wolfe, Jonathan: Thompson Publishing Group

Wolhowe, Catherine: JR Publishing

Wolszon, Jamie: Inside Washington Publishers

Woods, Randy: Inside Washington Publishers

Woodward, Emily: Army Times Publishing Co.

Woodworth, Anne: Thompson Publishing Group

Woodworth, Esther M.: Tax Notes

Wooldridge, Adrian: Economist

Wright, Carolyn: Tax Notes

Wright, Charlotte: Business Publishers

Wright, Joseph Michael: National Journal

Wright, Michelle A.: Washington Business Information

Wright, Scott W.: Education Week

Wyand, Michael W.: BNA News

Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

Yang, Catherine T.: Business Week

Yanksick, George L.: CCH Inc.

Yarborough, Mary Helen: McGraw-Hill

Yasin, Rutrell: CMP Media Inc.

Yates, Marshall: KLA Group

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yochelson, Mindy: BNA News

Yohannan, Suzanne: Inside Washington Publishers

York, Byron: National Review

Yorke, Jeffrey: Radio & Records

Young, Donna: Government Computer News

Young, India: Army Times Publishing Co.

Young, Jeffrey C.: FDC Reports

Young, Jeffrey R.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Young, Kathryn M.: Penton Publishing

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zagorin, Adam: Time Inc.

Zehr, Mary Ann: Education Week

Zelaya-Quesada, Myrna Iris: BNA News

Zelinger, Steven M.: FDC Reports

Zeller, Shawn: National Journal

Zirkle, Cynthia: CCH Inc.

Zuckerman, David Matthew: Research Institute of America Group

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News

Zurcher, Anthony W.: Congressional Digest

Zurier, Steve: CMP Media Inc.

Zurlo, Jeanne: Washington Service Bureau


