

Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), October 2002. - 


Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), October 2002.
[Pages 969-976]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

                     www.senate.gov/galleries/photo

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
      Assistant Director.--Gerald L. Rupert.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Tim Dillon, Chairman
                                            Dennis Brack, Secretary-
                                                Treasurer
                                            Scott Applewhite
                                            James Colburn
                                            Stephen Crowley
                                            Win McNamee
                                 ________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated PressPhotos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) The term of office of a member of the Committee elected as the 
Associated Press Photos member, the local newspaper member, and the 
Reuters News Pictures or AFP Photos member shall expire on the day of 
the election held in the first odd-numbered year following the year in 
which the member was elected, and the term of office of a member of the 
Committee elected as the magazine media member, the agency or freelance 
member and the at-large members shall expire on the day of the election 
held in the first even-numbered year following the year in which the 
member was elected. A member elected to fill a vacancy occurring prior 
to the expiration of a term shall serve for only the unexpired portion 
of such term.
    (c) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (d) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads

[[Page 970]]

of Photographic Bureaus under such rules as the Standing Committee of 
Press Photographers shall prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.
    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                           Christopher Dodd,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 971]]

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Allen, John: Washington Post

Alleruzzo, Maya: Washington Times

Alpert, Brian: Keystone Press Agency

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Arbogast, Charles: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arias, Juana: Washington Post

Ashe, James: Time Magazine

Ashley, Douglas: Suburban Communications Corp.

Attlee, Tracey: Freelance

Aubry, Timothy: Reuters News Pictures

Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

Banzi, Lynda: International Medical News Group

Barouh, Stan: Freelance

Barrett, Stephen: Freelance

Baughman, J. Ross: Washington Times

Baylen, Elizabeth: Washington Times

Beals, Herman: Reuters News Pictures

Beiser, H. Darr: USA/Today

Bengiveno, Nicole: New York Times

Benic, Patrick: Freelance

Bentley, PF: Freelance

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Bergsaker, Tore: Dagbladet

Biber, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Biddle, Susan: Washington Post

Binks, Porter: Sports Illustrated

Blass, Eileen: USA/Today

Bloom, Richard: National Journal

Bochatey, Terry: Reuters News Pictures

Boitano, Stephen: Freelance

Borea, Roberto: Associated Press Photos

Boster, Mark: Los Angeles Times

Boston, Bernard: Bryce Mountain Courier

Bouchard, Renee: Freelance

Bowe, Christy: ImageCatcher News

Bower, Carl: Freelance

Bowmer, Frederick: Associated Press Photos

Brack, William: Black Star

Brandon, Alex: Freelance

Brantley, James: Washington Times

Bridges, George: Knight Ridder Tribune

Brooks, Dudley: Washington Post

Brown, Robert: Richmond Times Dispatch

Brown, Stephen: Freelance

Bue, Khue: Newsweek

Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

Burns, David: Photo Trends, Inc.

Butler, Thomas: The Hill

Calvert, Mary: Washington Times

Cameron, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Carioti, Ricahrd: Freelance

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Ceneta, Manuel: Freelance

Clark, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Clement, Richard: Reuters News Pictures

Cobb, Jodi: National Geographic

Cohen, Marshall: Bigmarsh News Photos

Cola, Craig: Wash. Post Newsweek Interactive

Colburn, James: Time Magazine

Cole, Carolyn: Los Angeles Times

Connor, Michael: Washington Times

Cook, Dennis: Associated Press Photos

Cooke, John: Credit Union Times

Coppage, Gary: Photo Press International

Corder, Chris: United Press International

Cornell, John: Newsday

Cramp, Stacy: Legal Times

Crandall, Rob: Freelance

Crowley, Stephen: New York Times

Curtis, Rob: Army Times

Cutts, Peter: Freelance

D'Angelo, Rebecca: Freelance

deGyor, Henrik: The Gazette

DeLort, Jean Guy: Fairchild Publications

Deutsch, Robert: USA/Today

Devadas, Rajan: Front Line

DiBari, Jr., Michael: Freelance

Dillon, Timothy: USA/Today

Dougherty, David: Education Week

Downing, Lawrence: Reuters News Pictures

Doyle, Kevin: Freelance

Du Cille, Michael: Washington Post

Eddins, Jr., Joseph: Washington Times

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Eisele, John: Freelance

Elfers, Steve: Army Times

Ellis, Richard: Getty Images

Emanuel, Hector: Freelance

Evstafiev, Mikhail: Reuters News Pictures

Feanny, Najlah: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Ferazzi, Gina: Los Angeles Times

Ferrell, Scott: CQ Weekly

Ficara, John: Freelance

Fitz-Patrick, Bill: Freelance

Fox, Travis: Wash. Post Newsweek Interactive

Franklin, Ross: Washington Times

Frazza, Luke: Agence France-Presse

Freed, Leonard: Magnum Photos

Fremson, Ruth: New York Times

[[Page 972]]

Friar, Jerome: Impact Visuals

Fusco, Paul: Magnum Photos

Gainer, Denny: USAToday.com

Gamarra, Ruben: Notimex

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

Garrison, Hillary: Associated Press Photos

Geissinger, Michael A.: Freelance

Gilbert, Kevin: Freelance

Gilbert, Patrice: Legal Times

Glinn, Burton: Magnum Photos

Godfrey, Mark: Freelance

Goodrich, Daniel: Newsday

Goulait, Bert: Washington Times

Graham, Douglas: Roll Call

Guzy, Carol: Washington Post

Hall, John: Associated Press

Halstead, Dirck: Digital Journalist

Hamburg, Harry: New York Daily News

Harrington, John: World & I

Harrity, Charles: Weekly Calistogan

Hartmann, Paul: Freelance

Harvey, David: Magnum Photos

Heikes, Darryl: Freelance

Heimsath, Peter: Photo Associate News Service

Heinen, Kenneth: Freelance

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Herbert, Gerald: Washington Times

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Hittle, David: Freelance

Holden, Peter: World & I

Hosefros, Paul: New York Times

Jacobs, Vance: Washington Times

Jaffe, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Jennings, Stan: Jennings Publications

Johnson, Cynthia: Time Magazine

Johnston, Frank: Washington Post

Juarez, Miguel: Reforma

Kahn, Nikki: Freelance

Kang, Hyungwon: Freelance

Katz, Martin: Chesapeake News Service

Keating, John: Newsday

Kennedy, Charles: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Kennerly, David: Newsweek

Kent, Jeff: Director

Kim, Yunghi: Freelance

Kinney, Barbara: Reuters News Pictures

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleinfeld, Michael: United Press International

Kleinhenz, Laura: Freelance

Kleponis, Chris: Freelance

Kmonicek, Kathy: Newsday

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Kozak, Richard: Insight

Kraft, Brooks: Time Magazine

LaForet, Vincent: New York Times

LaVor, Martin: Lavor Group

Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters News Pictures

Lambert, Kenneth: Associated Press Photos

Lamkey, Jr., Rod: Washington Times

Latimer, Bronwen: U.S. News & World Report

Lee, Chang: New York Times

Lewter, Lani: Freelance

Lipski, Richard: Washington Post

LoScalzo, Jim: U.S. News & World Report

Lopez, Jose: New York Times

Lueders, Martin: Freelance

Lustig, Raymond: Washington Post

Lutzky, Micheal: Washington Post

Lynaugh, Michael: Freelance

Lynch, Liz: National Journal

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey: U.S. News & World Report

Madrid, Michael: USA/Today

Mallin, Jay: Impact Visuals

Mallory, Tyler: Freelance

Markel, Brad: Capri

Marquette, Joseph: Associated Press Photos

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Martinez, Pablo: Associated Press Photos

Mathieson, Greg: MAI Photo Agency

McCrehin, Jud: Army Times

McCurry, Steven: Magnum Photos

McDermind, Brendan: Reurters News Pictures

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McKay, Richard: Cox Newspapers

McKoy, Kirk: Los Angeles Times

McNamee, Wallace: Freelance

McNamee, Win: Reuters News Pictures

Menashe, Isaac: Prince George's Journal

Meyeas, Keith: New York Times

Miklas, Susanne: Newsweek

Mills, Douglas: Associated Press Photos

Morris, Christopher: Time Magazine

Morris, Larry: Washington Post

Morrissey, Heather: Gannett News Service

Murphy, Timothy: Freelance

Nachtwey, James: Magnum Photos

Naltchayan, Joyce: Agence France-Presse

Nelson, Andrew: Christian Science Monitor

Nozzoli, Akram: Saudi Press Agency

O'Leary, William: Washington Post

Ommanney, Charles: Newsweek

Otfinowski, Danuta: Freelance

Owen, Clifford: Washington Times

Paganelli, Manuello: Freelance

Pajic, Kamenko: Freelance

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

Paraskevas, John: Newsday

Parcell, James: Washington Post

Parsons, Nate: Washington Post

Pearman, Jr., Reginald: Wash. Post Newsweek Interactive

Pearson, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Pensinger, Douglas: Freelance

Peress, Gilles: Magnum Photos

[[Page 973]]

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Perry, William: Freelance

Persson, Jessica: Reuters News Pictures

Philpott, William: Freelance

Pokress, David: Newsday

Pokress, Jackson: Observer Newspapers

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Carol: Freelance

Raab, Shana: Freelance

Raimondo, Lois: Washington Post

Rasmussen, Randy: Oregonian

Reed, Ellis: Magnum Photos

Reeder, Robert: Washington Post

Reinhard, Rick: Impact Visuals

Remsberg, Edwin: Freelance

Ricardel, Vincent: Freelance

Richards, Paul: Agence France-Presse

Richardson, Joel: Washington Post

Riecken, Astrid: Washington Times

Riley, Molly: Reuters News Pictures

Ronay, Vivian: Freelance

Rosenbaum, Daniel: Washington Times

Ryan, Patrick: The Hill

Sachs, Arnold: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Ronald: Consolidated News Pictures

Savoia, Stephan: Associated Press Photos

Sawchuk, Ken: Newsday

Schaeffer, Sandra: MAI Photo Agency

Schlein, Lonnie: New York Times

Schoenborn, Eric: Scripps Howard News Service

Schroeder, Bjorn: German Newspaper Group

Schumacher, Karl: Freelance

Schwartz, David: Freelance

Schwarz, Ira: Freelance

Scull, David: Freelance

Shell, Mary: Time Magazine

Shelley, Allison: Education Week

Sherbow, Robert: People Magazine

Silverman, Joseph: Washington Times

Simon, Martin: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Simpson, Chester: Stars & Stripes Omnimedia, Inc.

Skalij, Wally: Los Angeles Times

Sloan, Timothy: Agence France-Presse

Smith, Benjamin: Education Week

Smith, Dayna: Washington Post

Soltes, Harley: Seattle Times

Sommer, Emilie: Freelance

Souza, Peter: Chicago Tribune

Spillers, Linda: Freelance

Spilotro, Michael: World & I

Springer, Michael: Gamma Presse Images

Steib, Clint: Washington Blade

Steiner, Catherine: Photopress Washington

Stenzel, Maria: National Geographic

Stephenson, Richard: Freelance

Stockett, Lance: Professional Pilot Magazine

Strong, Bob: Reuters News Pictures

Sykes, Jack: Professional Pilot Magazine

Tait, Gabriel: Detroit Free Press

Takeda, Yasushi: Focus Magazine

Tama, Mario: Freelance

Tefft-Soraghan, Jessica: Washington Times

Temchine, Michael: Freelance

Theiler, Michael: Reuters News Pictures

Thew, Shawn: Freelance

Thomas, Margaret: Washington Post

Thomas, Ronald: Freelance

Thresher, James: Washington Post

Tiernan, Audrey: Newsday

Trippett, Robert: Sipa Press

Udesen, Betty: Seattle Times

Usher, Chris: Freelance

Van Riper, Frank: Freelance

Varias, Stelios: Reuters News Pictures

Vathis, Paul: Associated Press Photos

Visser, Robert: Photopress Washington

Vosin, Sarah: Washington Post

Votaw, Jr., Charles: Freelance

Vucci, Evan: Freelance

Wagreich, Ian: Freelance

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walker, Harry: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

Walski, Brian: Los Angeles Times

Ward, Fred: Black Star

Watkins, Jr., Frederick: Johnson Publishing Co.

Watson, Ricardo: United Press International

Whitesell, Gregory: Insight Magazine

Williams, Tom: Roll Call

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Jamal: Freelance

Wilson, Jim: New York Times

Wilson, Mark: Getty Images

Wollenberg, Roger: United Press International

Wong, Alex: Getty Images

Woodall, Andrea: Washington Post

Woodward, Tracy: Washington Post

Wright, Donald: Freelance

Wyman, Ira: Newsweek

Yamagishi, Naoko: Yomiuri Yamagishi

Yan, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Yim, Heesoon: HANA

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

Zinn, Warren: Army Times

[[Page 974]]

                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

       (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of 
                             representative)

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0551; 1015 15th Street, NW Suite 500 
Washington, DC 20005: Frazza, Luke; Jaffe, Stephen; Naltchayan, Joyce; 
Pearson, Robert; Richards, Paul; Sloan, Timothy.

ARMY TIMES--(703) 750-8170; 6883 Commercial Drive Springfield, VA 22159: 
Curtis, Rob; Elfers, Steve; McCrehin, Jud; Zinn, Warren.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9510; 2021 K Street, NW Washington, DC 20006: 
Applewhite, J. Scott; Arbogast, Charles; Borea, Roberto; Bowmer, Frederick; 
Cook, Dennis; Edmonds, Ronald; Garrison, Hillary; Hall, John; Helber, 
Stephen; Lambert, Kenneth; Marquette, Joseph; Martinez, Pablo; Mills, 
Douglas; Savoia, Stephan; Vathis, Paul; Walsh, Susan.

BLACK STAR--(703) 547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Rd; Alexandria, VA 22308: Brack, 
William; Ward, Fred.

CAPRI PRESS--(717) 757-2962; 485 Sundale, Drive, York PA, 17402: Markel, 
Brad.

CHESAPEAKE NEWS SERVICE--(410) 484-3500; 2534 Old Court Road, Baltimore, MD 
21022: Katz, Martin.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8200; 1325 G Street, NW Suite 200 Washington, DC 
20005: Souza, Peter.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(617) 450-2000 1 Norway Street Boston, MA 02115: 
Nelson, Andrew.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 822-1431; 1414 22nd Street, NW Washington, 
DC 20037: Scott, Ferrell.

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--(202) 543-3203; 209 Pennsylvania Avenue, SE 
Washington, DC 20003 Sachs, Arnold; Sachs, Ronald.

CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--(212) 481-6910; 116 E Street, New York, NY 10016; 
Burnett, David.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 331-0900: 2000 Pennsylvania, Avenue, NW Washington, 
DC 20006: McKay, Richard.

CREDIT UNION TIMES--(301) 845-7820; 8507 Inspiration Avenue, Walkersville, 
MD 21793: Cooke, John.

DAGBLADET--(202) 518-3720; 1868 Columbia Road, NW Washington, DC 20009: 
Bergsaker, Tore.

DETROIT FREEE PRESS--(313) 222-5382; 600 West Fort Street, Detroit, MI 
48226: Tait, Gabriel.

DIGITAL JOURNALIST--(202) 338-3754; 3332 P Street, NW Washington, DC 20007: 
Halstead, Dirk.

EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-3100; 6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100 Bethesda, MD 
20814: Dougherty, David; Shelley, Allison; Smith, Benjamin.

FAIRCHILD PUBLICATIONS--(202) 682-3243; 1333 H Street, NW Washington, DC 
20005: Delort, Jean Guy.

FOCUS MAGAZINE--(703) 243-1569; 1020 North Quincy Street, Arlington, VA 
22201Takeda, Yasushi.

FROINTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--(301) 229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 
20812: Lynch, Patricia.

GAMMA PRESSE IMAGES--(212) 767-4567; 1633 Broadway, New York, NY 10019 
Springer, Michael.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 276-5256; 1000 Wilson Blvd. 10th Floor 
Arlington, VA 22229: Heather Morrissey.

GERMAN NEWSPAPER GROUP--(202) 244-5013; 4100 Massachusetts Avenue, 
Washington, DC 20016: Schroeder, Bjorn.

GETTY IMAGES--(202) 861-8551; One Hudson Place 75 Varick Street New York, 
NY 10013 Ellis, Richard; Wilson, Mark, Wong, Alex.

GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 332-2727; 107 Frederick Avenue, Babylon, 
NY 11702: Panagos, Dimitrois.

HANA--(202) 393-1166; 1111 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Yim, Heesoon.

HURRIYET--(703) 978-8073; 8910 Moreland Lane, AnnaNdale, VA 22003: Biber, 
Mehmet.

IMAGECATCHER NEWS--(202) 483-3791; 3133 Connecticut Avenue, NW Washington, 
DC 20008: Bowe, Christy.

IMPACT VISUALS--(212) 807-6622; 24 West 25th Street, New York, NY 10010: 
Friar, Jerome; Mallin, Jay; Reinhard, Rick..

INSIGHT--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Ave., NE Washington, DC 20002: 
Banzi,Lynda; Kozak, Richard; Whitesell,Gregory.

INTERNATIONAL MEDICAL NEWS GROUP--(301) 816-8768; 12230 Wilkins Avenue, 
Rockville, MD 20852: Banzi, Lynda.

JENNINGS PUBLICATIONS--(301) 946-5538; 2600 Plyers Mill Road, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902: Jennings, Stan.

JOHNSON PUBLISHING CO.--(202) 393-5860; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW 
Washington, DC 20006: Watkins, Jr. Frederick.

[[Page 975]]

KEYSTONE PRESS AGENCY--(212) 924-8123; 202 East 42nd Street, New York, NY 
10017: Alpert, Brian.

KNIGHT RIDDER TRIBUNE--(202) 383-6169; 790 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Bridges, George; Kennedy, Charles; Walker, Harry.

LAVOR GROUP--(703) 765-7187; 7710 Lookout Court, Alexandria, VA 22306: 
LaVor, Martin.

LEGAL TIMES--(202) 457-0686; 1730 M Street, NW Suite 802 Washington, DC 
20036: Cramp, Stacey; Patrice, Gilbert.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(213) 237-7134; 130 S. Broadway Los Angeles, CA 90012: 
Boster, Mark; Cole, Carolyn; Ferazzi, Gina; McKoy, Kirk; Skalij, Wally; 
Walski, Brian.

MAI PHOTO AGENCY--(703) 968-0030; 6601 B Ashmere Lane, Centreville, VA 
22020: Mathieson, Greg; Schaeffer, Sandra.

MAGNUM PHOTOS--(212) 929-6000; 151 W. 25th Street 5th Floor New York, NY 
10001: Boster, Mark; Cole, Carolyn; Ferazzi, Gina; McKoy, Kirk; Skalij, 
Wally; Walski, Brian.

NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC--(202) 857-7000; 1145 17th Street, NW Washington, DC 
20036: Cobb, Jodi; Stenzel, Maria.

NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, NW Suite 300 Washington, 
DC 20005: Bloom, Richard; Lynch, Liz.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6670; 1615 M Street, NW Suite 720 
Washington, DC 20036: Hamburg, Harry.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 Eye Street, NW Washington, DC 20006: 
Bengiveno, Nicole; Crowley, Stephen; Fremson, Ruth; Hosefros, Paul; 
LaForet, Vincent; Lee, Chang; Lopez, Jose; Meyeas, Keith; Schlein, Lonnie; 
Wilson, Jim.

NEWSDAY--(516) 843-4000; 235 Pine Lawn Road Melville, NY 11747: Cornell, 
John; Goodrich, Daniel; Keating, John; Kmonicek, Kathy; Paraskevas, John; 
Pokress, David; Sawchuk, Ken; Tiernan, Audrey.

NEWSWEEK--(202) 626-2085; 1750 Pennsylvania Ave., NW Washington, DC 20006: 
Bue, Khue; Kennerly, David; Miklas, Susanne; Ommanney, Charles; Wyman, Ira.

NOTIMEX--(202) 347-5227; 529 14th Street, NW Washington, DC 20009: Gamarra, 
Ruben.

OBSERVER NEWSPAPERS--(516) 731-0662; 2262 Centre Avenue, Bellmore, NY 
11710: Pokress, Jackson.

OREGONIAN--(503) 221-8370; 1320 SW Broadway, Portland, OR 97201: Rasmussen, 
Randy.

PEOPLE MAGAZINE--(202) 861-4094; 1050 Connecticut Avenue, Washington, DC 
2009: Sherbow, Robert.

PHOTO PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(703) 548-7172; 2 East Glebe Road, Alexandria, 
VA 22305: Coppage, Gary.

PHOTOPRESS WASHINGTON--(202) 234-8787; National Press Building, Suite 2105, 
Washington, DC 20045: Steiner, Catherine; Visser, Robert.

PRINCE GEORGES COUNTY JOURNAL--(301) 306-3426; 9410 Annapolis Road Lanham, 
MD 20706: Menache, Isaac.

PROFESSIONAL PILOT MAGAZINE--(703) 370-0606; 3014 Colvin Street, 
Alexandria, VA 22314: Stockett, Lance; Sykes, Jack.

REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1126 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Juarez, Miguel.

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--(202) 898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW Suite 410 
Washington, DC 20005: Aubry, Timothy; Beals, Herman; Bochatey, Terry; 
Cameron, Gary; Clement, Richard; Downing, Lawrence; Evstafiev, Mikhail; 
Hershorn, Gary; Kinney, Barbara; Lamarque, Kevin; McNamee, Win; Persson, 
Jessica; Riley, Molly; Strong, Bob; Theiler, Michael; Varias, Stelio.

RICHMOND TIMES DISPATCH--(804) 649-6486; 333 East Grace Street, Richmond, 
VA 23219: Brown, Robert.

ROLL CALL--(202) 824-6800; 50 F Street, NW 7th Floor Washington, DC 20001: 
Graham, Douglas; Williams, Tom.

SABA PRESS PHOTOS, INC.--(202) 547-8461; P.O. Box 15249, Washiongton, DC 
20003: Feanny, Najlah; Simon, Martin.

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 861-0324; 1155 15th Street, NW Washington, DC 
20005: Nozzoli, Akram.

SCRIPPS HOWARD--(202) 408-2723; 1090 Vermont Ave., NW 10th Floor 
Washington, DC 20005: Clark, Bill; Schoenborn, Eric.

SEATTLE TIMES--(206) 464-8145; P.O. Box 70, Seattle, WA 9811: Soltes, 
Harley; Udesen, Betty.

SIPA PRESS--(212) 463-0150; 30 West 21st Street, New York, NY 10010: 
Trippett, Robert.

SPORTS ILLUSTRATED--(212) 522-3325; 1271 Avenue of the Americas, Room 1970, 
New York, NY 10020: Binks, Porter.

STARS & STRIPES OMNIMEDIA, INC.--(703) 414-5233: 1215 Jefferson Davis 
Highway, Arlington, VA 22202: Simpson, Chester.

SUBURBAN COMMUNICATIONS CORP.--(810) 645-5164; East Maple Road, Birmingham, 
MI 48005: Ashley, Douglas.

THE GAZETTE--(301) 670-2011; 1200 Quince Orchard Lane, Gaithersburg, MD 
20878: deGyor, Henrik.

THE HILL--(202) 628-8525; 733 15th Street Washington, DC 20005: Butler, 
Thomas; Ryan, Patrick.

TIME--(202) 861-4062; 555 12th Street, NW Suite 600 Washington, DC 20004: 
Ashe, James; Colburn, James; Johnson, Cynthia; Kraft, Brooks; Morris, 
Christopher; Shell, Mary; Walker, Diana.

[[Page 976]]

US NEWS AND WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2210; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, NW 
Washington, DC 20007: Archambault, Charles; Latimer, Bronwen; LoScalzo, 
Jim; MacMillan, Jeffrey.

USA TODAY--(703) 276-5351; 1000 Wilson Blvd. 16th Floor Arlington, VA 
22229: Beiser, H. Darr; Blass, Eileen; Deutsch, Robert; Dillon, Timothy; 
Gainer, Denny; Madrid, Michael.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 387-7965; 1510 H Street, NW Washington, 
DC 20005: Corder, Chris;Kleinfeld, Michael;Watson, Ricardo;Wollenberg, 
Roger.

WASHINGTON BLADE--(202) 797-7000; 1408 U Street, NW Washington, DC 20009: 
Steib, Clint.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7380; 1150 15th Street, NW Washington, DC 20079: 
Allen, John; Arias, Juana; Biddle, Susan; Brooks, Dudley; Du Cille, 
Michael; Guzy, Carol; Johnston, Frank; Lipski, Richard; Lustig, Raymond; 
Lutzky, Micheal; Martineau, Gerald; McDonnell, John; Morris, Larry; 
O'Leary, William; Parcell, James; Parsons, Nate; Perkins, Lucien; Raimondo, 
Lois; Reeder, Robert; Richardson, Joel; Smith, Dayna; Thomas, Margaret; 
Thresher, James; Vosin, Sarah; Williamson, Michael; Woodall, Andrea; 
Woodward, Tracy.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Ave., NE Washington, DC 
20002: Alleruzzo, Maya; Baughman, J. Ross; Baylen, Elizabeth; Brantley, 
James; Calvert, Mary; Connor, Michael; Eddins, Jr., Joseph; Franklin, Ross; 
Goulait, Bert; Herbert, Gerald; Jacobs, Vance; Lamkey, Jr., Rod; Owen, 
Clifford; Riecken, Astrid; Rosenbaum, Daniel; Silverman, Joseph; Tefft-
Soraghan, Jessica.

WORLD & I--(202) 636-4004; 3600 New York Ave., NE Washington, DC 20002: 
Harrington, John; Holden, Peter; Spilotro, Michael.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0086; 1740N 14th Street, Arlington, VA 22209: 
Yan, Wang.

YOMIURI YAMAGISHI--(212) 582-5827; 50 Rockefeller Plaza #903, New York, NY 
10020:Yamagishi, Nako.

                                FREELANCE

FREELANCE--Attlee, Tracey; Augustino, Jocelyn; Barouh, Stan; Barrett, 
Stephen; Benic, Patrick; Bentley, PF; Berg, Lisa; Boitano, Stephen; 
Bouchard, Renee; Bower, Carl; Brandon, Alex; Brown, Stephen; Carioti, 
Ricahrd; Cedeno, Ken; Ceneta, Manuel; Crandall, Rob; Cutts, Peter; 
D'Angelo, Rebecca; DiBari, Jr., Michael; Doyle, Kevin; Eisele, John; 
Emanuel, Hector; Ficara, John; Fitz-Patrick, Bill; Garcia, Mannie; 
Geissinger, Michael A.; Gilbert, Kevin; Godfrey, Mark;Hartmann, Paul; 
Heikes, Darryl; Heinen, Kenneth; Hittle, David; Kahn, Nikki; Kang, 
Hyungwon; Kim, Yunghi; Kittner, Sam; Kleinhenz, Laura; Kleponis, Chris; 
Kossoff, Leslie; Lewter, Lani; Lueders, Martin; Lynaugh, Michael; Mallory, 
Tyler; McNamee, Wallace; Murphy, Timothy; Otfinowski, Danuta; Paganelli, 
Manuello; Pajic, Kamenko; Pensinger, Douglas; Perry, William; Philpott, 
William; Poleski, David; Powers, Carol; Raab, Shana; Remsberg, Edwin; 
Ricardel, Vincent; Ronay, Vivian; Schumacher, Karl; Schwartz, David; 
Schwarz, Ira; Scull, David; Sommer, Emilie; Spillers, Linda; Stephenson, 
Richard; Tama, Mario; Temchine, Michael; Thew, Shawn; Thomas, Ronald; 
Usher, Chris; Van Riper, Frank; Votaw, Jr., Charles; Vucci, Evan; Wagreich, 
Ian; Wilson, Jamal; Wright, Donald; Ziffer, Steve.




