

Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), October 2002. - 


Congressional Directory for the 107th Congress (2001-2002), October 2002.
[Pages 937-967]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES*

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--Robert E. Petersen, Jr.
  Deputy Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
        Media Coordinators:
Merri I. Baker
James D. Saris
Wendy A. Oscarson
Amy Harkins

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

            The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945, 225-6722

  Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
        Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
          Assistant Superintendents:
Emily T. Dupree
Cris M. King
Ric Andersen
Lori Michelle Hodo

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Curt Anderson, The 
                                                Associated Press, 
                                                Chairman
                                            Jake Thompson, Omaha World-
                                                Herald, Secretary
                                            James Kuhnhenn, Knight Rider
                                            William Roberts, Bloomberg 
                                                News
                                            Donna M. Smith, Reuters
                                 ________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule 34 of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bona fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall admit to the galleries no person who does not establish to the 
satisfaction of the Standing Committee all of the following:
    (a) That his or her principal income is obtained from news 
correspondence intended for publication in newspapers entitled to 
second-class mailing privileges.

[[Page 938]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the galleries.
    (c) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the galleries.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no change 
or changes in these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not 
less than 100 accredited members of the galleries.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                           Christopher Dodd,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 939]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abbott, Charles J.: Reuters

Abd El-Samie, Amr: Al-Ahram

Abrahms, Douglas R.: Gannett News Service

Abrams, James R.: Associated Press

Abramson, Jill: New York Times

Adair, William R.: St. Petersburg Times

Adams, Christopher B.: Wall Street Journal

Adams, Rebecca: CQ Daily Monitor

Ahmann, Timothy D.: Reuters

Akashi, Kazuyasu: Jiji Press

Al-Homayed, Tariq A.: Al-Madinah Newspaper

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Alcorn, Gay M.: Sydney Morning Herald

Alday, Ricardo: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Alden, Edward: Financial Times

Aldinger, Charles: Reuters

Alessi, Ryan: Scripps Howard News Service

Alexander, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Alexander, Annie L.: Bridge News

Alexander, Charles D.: Reuters

Alexander, Keith L.: Washington Post

Alfano, Hayden: Associated Press

Aljadi, Adnan: Kuwait News Agency

Allen, JoAnne: Reuters

Allen, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Victoria L.: Reuters

Allen, III, Charles E.: Bloomberg News

Allen-Mills, Tony: London Sunday Times

Allred, Victoria: Congressional Quarterly

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Los Angeles Times

Alpert, Bruce S.: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Alvarez, Lizette: New York Times

Amano, Masashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Amosu, Akwe: AllAfrica.com

Anason, Dean C.: American Banker

Anderegg, Richard: Solothurner Zeitung

Anderson, Curt L.: Associated Press

Anderson, David E.: Religion News Service

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Anderson, Mary Boyle: Colorado Springs Gazette

Anderson, Nick: Los Angeles Times

Anderson, Paul L.: Congressional Quarterly

Anderson, Tania: States News Service

Ando, Kiyoshi: Nikkei

Andrejczak, Matt: CBS MarketWatch

Andrews, Caesar: Gannett News Service

Angle, Martha: CQ Daily Monitor

Anidjar, Patrick: Agence France-Presse

Anklam, Jr., Fred: USA Today

Anstey, Christopher: AFX News

Anthan, George P.: Des Moines Register

Aoki, Masaaki: Kyodo News

Appleby, Julie: USA Today

Archer, Kim: Dow Jones Newswires

Archibald, George: Washington Times

Armas, Genaro C.: Associated Press

Arnold, John J.: Associated Press

Arnold, Laurence: Associated Press

Arthur, William: Bloomberg News

Asher, Julie L.: Catholic News Service

Asher, Robert L.: Washington Post

Aslam, Abid: Inter Press Service

Asseo, Laurie: Associated Press

Atallah, Ayda: Financial Times

Aukofer, Frank A.: Artists & Writers Syndicate

Aulston, Von: New York Times

Auster, Elizabeth: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Austin, Janet: Congressional Quarterly

Aversa, Jeannine: Associated Press

Aziakou, Gerard: Agence France-Presse

Azpiazu, Maria L.: EFE News Services

Babcock, Charles R.: Washington Post

Babic, Marco S.: Bloomberg News

Babington, Charles: Washington Post

Backover, Andrew: USA Today

Baek, Moonil: Seoul Shinmun

Baer, Susan: Baltimore Sun

Bailey, Ruby L.: Detroit Free Press

Baker, Chris: Washington Times

Baker, Frank S.: Associated Press

Baker, Gerard: Financial Times

Baldor, Lolita: New Haven Register

Balz, Daniel J.: Washington Post

Balz, John: St. Petersburg Times

Banales, Jorge: EFE News Services

Banks, Adelle M.: Religion News Service

Barbara, Philip: Reuters

Barber, Simon: Business Day

Barfield, Deborah: Newsday

Barker, Jeffrey N.: Baltimore Sun

Barnett, James C.: Oregonian

Barnett, Pamela: CongressDaily

Barr, Gary S.: Washington Post

Barrera, Ruben: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Barrett, Joyce: CQ Daily Monitor

Barrett, Terrence A.: Bloomberg News

Barrett-Stokes, Jeanette: Gannett News Service

Barry, Theresa: Bloomberg News

Bartash, Jeffry: CBS MarketWatch

Barton, Paul C.: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

[[Page 940]]

Bartz, Diane: Reuters

Bashir, Mustafa A.: Saudi Press Agency

Basken, Paul: Bloomberg News

Basu, Sandra: CQ Daily Monitor

Bater, Jeffrey P.: Dow Jones Newswires

Batt, Tony: Donrey Media Group

Battaile, Janet: New York Times

Baum, Geraldine: Los Angeles Times

Bauman, Everett A.: El Universal

Baumgardner, Neil: Defense Daily

Bazinet, Kenneth R.: New York Daily News

Beadle, Andrew: CQ Daily Monitor

Beattie, Jeff: Energy Daily

Beaucar, Kelley O.: Bridge News

Beck, Tobin C.: United Press International

Becker, Elizabeth: New York Times

Beckner, Steven K.: Market News International

Beddall, Katherine: Agence France-Presse

Beech, Eric: Reuters

Begos, Jr., Kevin P.: Winston-Salem Journal

Behn, Sharon: Agence France-Presse

Behr, Peter: Washington Post

Benac, Nancy Jo: Associated Press

Bendavid, Naftali: Chicago Tribune

Benedetto, Richard: USA Today

Benenson, Robert A.: CQ Daily Monitor

Benincasa, Robert: Gannett News Service

Benjamin, Mark: United Press International

Benkelman, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Bennet, James: New York Times

Benson, Miles R.: Newhouse News Service

Benton, James C.: Congressional Quarterly

Berger, Matthew E.: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Berke, Richard L.: New York Times

Berry, John M.: Washington Post

Bethel, Alison: Detroit News

Bettelheim, Adriel: Congressional Quarterly

Bian, Chenguang: Science and Technology Daily

Bicknell, John: CQ Daily Monitor

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Binder, David: New York Times

Bishop, Sam: Fairbanks Daily News Miner

Biskupic, Joan: USA Today

Bivins, Larry: Gannett News Service

Blackwell, Rob: American Banker

Blair, Nancy: USA Today

Bland, Melissa R.: Reuters

Bliss, Jeffrey C.: Bloomberg News

Block, Sandra: USA Today

Blomquist, Brian: New York Post

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Blustein, Paul: Washington Post

Boadle, Anthony: Reuters

Boekstegen, Anna: AFX News

Bohan, Caren: Reuters

Bold, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Boliek, Brooks: Hollywood Reporter

Bonner, Raymond: New York Times

Bono, Agostino: Catholic News Service

Borenstein, Seth B.: Knight Ridder

Borger, Julian: London Guardian

Boris, Joseph P.: United Press International

Borkowski, Monica C.: New York Times

Boston, Gabriella: States News Service

Boudreau, Wendy: Congressional Quarterly

Bourge, Christian: American Metal Market

Bovard, James: Bovard News Service

Bovee, Timothy K.: Associated Press

Bowen, Margaret: Bridge News

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Bowman, Tom: Baltimore Sun

Boyd, Robert J.: Knight Ridder

Boyer, Dave: Washington Times

Bradford, Allen: Washington Times

Bragg, Lynton M.: WashingtonPost.com

Braibant, Marc: Agence France-Presse

Brainard, Jeffrey H.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Branch, Bruce W.: Communications Daily

Branch-Brioso, Karen: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Brasher, Philip: Associated Press

Braun, Stephen: Los Angeles Times

Brazaitis, Thomas J.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Bredemeier, Kenneth H.: Washington Post

Bremner, Faith M.: Gannett News Service

Brewer, Norm: Gannett News Service

Breznick, Alan: Communications Daily

Briand, Xavier: Reuters

Bridis, Ted: Wall Street Journal

Brier, Michelle: Oil Daily

Brinkley, Joel: New York Times

Briscoe, David: Associated Press

Briscoe, Leonor A.: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Briscoe, Narra N.: Jiji Press

Bristol, Nellie O.: Health News Daily

Broder, David S.: Washington Post

Broder, John M.: New York Times

Brodie, Ian: London Times

Brogan, Pamela A.: Gannett News Service

Brooks, David: La Jornada

Brosnan, James W.: Scripps Howard News Service

Brouet, Anne-Muriel: Tribune De Geneve

Brown, C. Justin: Christian Science Monitor

Brown, Rene E.: Hartford Courant

Brownstein, Ronald: Los Angeles Times

Brune, Thomas F.: Newsday

Bruneau, Leon: Agence France-Presse

Bruno, Gregory C.: New York Times

Buncombe, Andrew: London Independent

Bunis, Dena: Orange County Register

Burd, Stephen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Burger, Timothy J.: New York Daily News

Burnell, Scott: United Press International

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones Newswires

Burns, Stephen: Bridge News

[[Page 941]]

Burns, Susan: Cox Newspapers

Burros, Marian F.: New York Times

Bustos, Sergio: Gannett News Service

Butler, Steven B.: Knight Ridder

Buzzelli, Susan: Yomiuri Shimbun

Byrne, Eileen: Agence France-Presse

Cahir, William J.: Easton Express-Times

Caifa, Karin M.: CQ Daily Monitor

Cain, Andrew I.: Washington Times

Calamur, Krishnader: United Press International

Calmes, Jackie: Wall Street Journal

Calvo-Platero, Mario: Il Sole 24 Ore

Camire, Dennis: Gannett News Service

Canas, Rafael: EFE News Services

Canizares, Alex: Bloomberg News

Canning, Eileen: Bridge News

Cantlupe, Joe: Copley News Service

Capaccio, Anthony W.: Bloomberg News

Caputo, Mara A.: Congressional Quarterly

Cardman, Michael: Education Daily

Caretto, Ennio: Corriere Della Sera

Carey, Mary Agnes: Congressional Quarterly

Carlbom, Mats: Dagens Nyheter

Carnevale, Mary L.: Wall Street Journal

Carney, David: Tech Law Journal

Carr, Rebecca: Cox Newspapers

Carreno, Jose C.: El Universal

Carroll, James R.: Louisville Courier-Journal

Carroll, Jill: Wall Street Journal

Carroll, Kathleen: Knight Ridder

Carter, Janelle: Associated Press

Carter, Thomas H.: Washington Times

Caruso, Lisa: CongressDaily

Cason, James: La Jornada

Cass, Connie: Associated Press

Casteel, Chris: Daily Oklahoman

Causey, Mike: PlanetGov.com

Cazalas, Robert: Congressional Information Bureau

Cha, Ariana: Washington Post

Chaddock, Gail R.: Christian Science Monitor

Chambliss, Eva Lauren: London Evening Standard

Chandran, Ramesh: Times of India

Chandrasekar, G.: United News of India

Chang, Tsung-Chih: United Daily News

Chapin, James B.: United Press International

Charles, Deborah: Reuters

Chatfield, Laura E.: United Press International

Chatterjee, Sumana: Knight Ridder

Chebium, Raju: Gannett News Service

Chen, Edwin: Los Angeles Times

Chen, Jay: Central News Agency

Chen, Kathy: Wall Street Journal

Chen, Shawn: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: Il Giornale

Chikazawa, Moriyasu: Kyodo News

Chinni, Dante: Christian Science Monitor

Choi, Chul Ho: Seoul Shinmun

Choi, Donald H.: US-Asian News Service

Christensen, Jean: Bloomberg News

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christian, Rodney: Bridge News

Christie, Rebecca S.: Dow Jones Newswires

Christie, Ricky A.: Cox Newspapers

Chung, Nelson: Central News Agency

Chwallek, Gabriele: German Press Agency - DPA

Cienski, Jan: National Post

Cimons, Marlene: Los Angeles Times

Cindemir, Mehmet K.: Hurriyet

Clancy, T. Michael: Reuters

Clark, Andrew: Reuters

Clark, Drew: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Clark, L. Kareema: Bridge News

Clavel, Guy: Agence France-Presse

Cleis, Andreas: Neue Zurcher Zeitung

Clines, Francis X.: New York Times

Cloud, David: Wall Street Journal

Clymer, Adam: New York Times

Cobb, Jr., Charles E.: AllAfrica.com

Cocco, Marie: Newsday

Cochran, John: Congressional Quarterly

Coghill, Kim: BioWorld Today

Cohausz, Dirk: Handelsblatt

Cohen, Robert: Newark Star-Ledger

Cohen, Ronald E.: Gannett News Service

Cohn, D'Vera: Washington Post

Cohn, Peter: CQ Daily Monitor

Coile, Zachary: San Francisco Chronicle

Cole, Justin: AFX News

Coleman, Michael T.: Albuquerque Journal

Collie, Kristen: Hearst Newspapers

Collins, Chris: USA Today

Collins, Gail G.: New York Times

Collins, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Collinson, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Condon, Jr., George E.: Copley News Service

Conkey, Christopher B.: Wall Street Journal

Conlon, Charles E.: Congressional Quarterly

Connole, Patrick: Reuters

Connolly, Bernadette M.: Manchester Union Leader

Connolly, Ceci: Washington Post

Connor, John: Dow Jones Newswires

Coombs, Jr., Francis B.: Washington Times

Cooney, Peter: Reuters

Cooper, Helene C.: Wall Street Journal

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Cope, Debra: Bloomberg News

Copeland, Peter M.: Scripps Howard News Service

Copp, Tara: Scripps Howard News Service

Corbett Dooren, Jennifer: Dow Jones Newswires

Corchado, Alfredo: Dallas Morning News

Covington, Robert: Reuters

Cowan, Lynn: Dow Jones Newswires

Cowan, Richard: Reuters

Cox, Jonathan B.: Bloomberg News

[[Page 942]]

Cox, Lael: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

Cranford, John R.: Bloomberg News

Crang, Sarah: Reuters

Crawley, John: Reuters

Crenshaw, Albert B.: Washington Post

Crowley, Elizabeth: Wall Street Journal

Crutsinger, Martin S.: Associated Press

Cummings, Jeanne: Wall Street Journal

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Cushman, Jr., John H.: New York Times

Da Costa, Mario Navarro: ABIM News Agency

Dalglish, Arthur R.: Cox Newspapers

Dalrymple, Mary: CQ Daily Monitor

Daly, Corbett B.: AFX News

Daly, Richard: CQ Daily Monitor

Dancy, Shelvia L.: Religion News Service

Dangond, Silvia: El Colombiano

Dao, James: New York Times

Darewicz, Krzysztof: Rzeczpospolita

Dart, Robert E.: Cox Newspapers

Davidson, Lee: Deseret News

Davies, Frank: Miami Herald

Davis, Joyce M.: Knight Ridder

Davis, Matthew: Washington Fax

Davis, Michelle R.: Columbia State

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Davis, Robert M.: USA Today

Davis, Tina: Energy Daily

Day, John S.: Bangor Daily News

Day, Kathleen: Washington Post

de la Garza, Jesus: St. Petersburg Times

De Beer, Patrice: Le Monde

De Carlo, Cesare: La Nazione

De Carvalho, Jr., Orlando, L.: ABIM News Agency

De Roquefeuil, Christophe: Agence France-Presse

DeFrank, Thomas M.: New York Daily News

DeLollis, Barbara: Gannett News Service

DeMarco, Edward: Bloomberg News

DePledge, Derrick: Gannett News Service

DeYoung, Karen: Washington Post

Deans, Jr., Robert E.: Cox Newspapers

Debeusscher, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Deibel, Mary: Scripps Howard News Service

Dejevsky, Mary: London Independent

Del Giudice, Vincent A.: Bloomberg News

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Delgado, Jose: EFE News Services

Denniston, Lyle W.: Baltimore Sun

Dermody, William: USA Today

Despeignes, Peronet: Financial Times

Dessouky, Dean: Saudi Press Agency

Dettmer, Jamie: Edinburgh Business AM

Detzel, Thomas J.: Oregonian

Deutsch, Jack: CQ Daily Monitor

Dewar, Heather: Baltimore Sun

Dewar, Helen: Washington Post

DiPaola, Anthony E.: Megawatt Daily

Diamond, John M.: Chicago Tribune

Diaz, Kevin: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Dickson, David M.: Washington Times

Diehl, Jackson: Washington Post

Diemer, Thomas K.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Dillin, John: Christian Science Monitor

Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

Dine, Philip M.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Dinesh, Manimoli: Oil Daily

Divis, Dee Ann: United Press International

Dixon, Kim: Bloomberg News

Dobbin, Muriel: McClatchy Newspapers

Dobbyn, Timothy H.: Reuters

Dobson, Catherine: Gas Daily

Dodd, Michael P.: USA Today

Dodge, Robert: Dallas Morning News

Doering, Christopher: Reuters

Doggett, Tom: Reuters

Doherty, Robert: Reuters

Doi, Tatsushi: Sankei Shimbun

Doman, Fabian: Buenos Aires Economico

Donald, Brooke: Associated Press

Donatelli, Joseph R.: Scripps Howard News Service

Donmoyer, Ryan: Bloomberg News

Donnelly, John M.: Boston Globe

Dono, Linda L.: Gannett News Service

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Dorsey, Christine M.: Donrey Media Group

Dougherty, Carter S.: Washington Times

Doughtery, Suzanne: CQ Daily Monitor

Doughty, Stuart C.: Reuters

Douglas, William G.: Newsday

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Dower, Graham S.: USA Today

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Drajem, Mark: Bloomberg News

Drake, John: Washington Times

Dreazen, Yochi J.: Wall Street Journal

Drinkard, Jim: USA Today

Drogin, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Drummond, Bob: Bloomberg News

Drummond, Daniel F.: Washington Times

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Dunham, Will: Reuters

Dunne, Nancy: Financial Times

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Duran, Nicole: American Banker

Dusseau, Brigitte: Agence France-Presse

Earle, Geoff: CongressDaily

Eastham, Todd R.: Reuters

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Ebling, Garrett R.: Washington Times

Eccleston, Roy: Australian

Eckert, Toby: Copley News Service

Eckstrom, Kevin: Religion News Service

Edmonds, Jr., Ronald: Associated Press

Edmonson, George H.: Atlanta Journal-Constitution

[[Page 943]]

Edsall, Thomas B.: Washington Post

Egan, Mark B.: Reuters

Eggen, Daniel: Washington Post

Eilperin, Juliet: Washington Post

Eisen, Peter: Oil Daily

Eisler, Peter R.: USA Today

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Boghdady, Dina: Washington Post

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

Eldridge, Earle: USA Today

Ellicott, Val: CQ Daily Monitor

Ellis, Julie: LRP Publications

Ellis, Kristi: Fairchild News Service

Elsasser, Glen R.: Chicago Tribune

Elsner, Alan: Reuters

Emerson, Jason: LRP Publications

Emery, Jason: Asahi Shimbun

Enda, Jodi A.: Knight Ridder

Endo, Seiji: Akahata

Engelmann, Knut: Reuters

Enginsoy, Deniz: Anatolia News Agency

Enoch, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Entous, Adam B.: Reuters

Epstein, Edward: San Francisco Chronicle

Espey, Robert: Nachrichten fuer Aussenhandel

Espo, David M.: Associated Press

Esquivel, Jesus P.: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Esterhazy, Yvonne: Financial Times Deutschland

Estevez, Dolia: El Financiero

Eversley, Melanie: Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Fabi, Randolph T.: Reuters

Fabiani, Christiana: Agence France-Presse

Fagan, Amy: CQ Daily Monitor

Faltin, Cornel: Springer Foreign News Service

Faltin, Frauke: Springer Foreign News Service

Farrell, John A.: Boston Globe

Featherstowe, Charles H.: Bridge News

Feazel, R. Michael: Communications Daily

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Feldmann, Linda: Christian Science Monitor

Felker, Edward R.: SNG Newspapers

Felsenthal, Mark: Reuters

Feng, Yan: Xinhua News Agency

Fenton, Ben: London Daily Telegraph

Ferguson, Alexander: Reuters

Ferguson, Barbara: Arab News

Ferguson, Ellyn: Gannett News Service

Ferraro, Thomas M.: Reuters

Ferreira, Anton F.: Reuters

Ferris, Craig T.: Bond Buyer

Festa, Elizabeth: Bridge News

Fetterman, Mindy: USA Today

Fialka, John J.: Wall Street Journal

Fidler, Stephen: Financial Times

Field, David: USA Today

Fields, Gary: Wall Street Journal

Fields-White, Monee: Bloomberg News

Files III, John: New York Times

Filteau, Jerome F.: Catholic News Service

Finkel, David: Washington Post

Fiore, Catherine: Health News Daily

Fiore, Faye: Los Angeles Times

Fireman, Kenneth: Newsday

Fisch, Jr., Rocci J.: WashingtonPost.com

Fischer, Karin E.: Charleston (WVA) Daily Mail

Fix, Janet L.: Detroit Free Press

Flaherty, Mary Pat: Washington Post

Flamini, Roland: United Press International

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Floyd, Daniel: Bond Buyer

Foerstel, Karen: Congressional Quarterly

Fogarty, Thomas A.: USA Today

Forrest, Bonnie L.: Congressional Quarterly

Foskett, Ken: Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Foster-Simeon, Ed: USA Today

Fox, Maggie: Reuters

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frandsen, Jon: Gannett News Service

Frank, Jackie: CQ Daily Monitor

Frank, Thomas L.: Newsday

Fraze, Barbara J.: Catholic News Service

Frederick, Don: Los Angeles Times

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freedman, Daniel: Associated Press

Freking, Kevin: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Friedland, Bruce I.: Florida Times-Union

Friedman, Lisa: ANG Newspapers

Friedman, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Friesner, Margery: ANSA Italian News Agency

Frink, Gary: Tufty News Service

Fritz, Sara: St. Petersburg Times

Frommer, Frederic: Associated Press

Fu, Norman: China Times

Fujii, Akio: Nikkei

Fukase, Atsuko: Nikkei

Fulton, April E.: CongressDaily

Furlow, Robert S.: Associated Press

Fuse, Hiroshi: Mainichi Newspapers

Fyhn, Morten: Aftenposten

Gabriel, Mary: Reuters

Gamboa, Suzanne: Associated Press

Gambrell, Kathy A.: United Press International

Gamerman, Ellen: Baltimore Sun

Garver, Rob: American Banker

Garvey, Megan: Los Angeles Times

Gay, Lance C.: Scripps Howard News Service

Gedda, George: Associated Press

Geewax, Marilyn: Cox Newspapers

Gehrke, Robert: Associated Press

Geimann, Stephen J.: Bloomberg News

Gelfand, Lauren: Agence France-Presse

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

[[Page 944]]

Geraghty, Jim: States News Service

Gerdts, Jennifer A.: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Gerhart, Ann E.: Washington Post

Germond, Jack W.: Baltimore Sun

Gerstenzang, James R.: Los Angeles Times

Gerth, Jeff: New York Times

Gertz, William D.: Washington Times

Getter, Lisa: Los Angeles Times

Gettinger, Steve: Bloomberg News

Ghent, Bill: National Journal News Service

Giacomo, Carol A.: Reuters

Gibson, William E.: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Gigot, Paul: Wall Street Journal

Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Gilcrest, Laura: Reuters

Gilmore, Jane: Communications Daily

Gimeno, Javier V.: El Pais

Ginsburg, Steven H.: Reuters

Giroux, Gregory L.: CQ Daily Monitor

Givens, David P.: Bridge News

Glanz, William: Washington Times

Glass, Andrew J.: Cox Newspapers

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glendinning, David M.: Health News Daily

Glover, K. Daniel: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Godbey, Michelle M.: Asahi Shimbun

Godfrey, John: Washington Times

Goffe, Sheila H.: Congressional Quarterly

Golden, James R.: Gannett News Service

Goldreich, Samuel: CQ Daily Monitor

Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

Goldstein, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Goldstein, Jacobo: La Tribuna

Goldstein, Steven L.: Philadelphia Inquirer

Golle, Vince: Bloomberg News

Gonzalez, Maria I.: El Norte & Reforma

Goodman, Adrianne: Los Angeles Times

Gordon, D. Craig: Newsday

Gordon, Gregory: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Gordon, Marcy G.: Associated Press

Gorlick, Adam: Associated Press

Gose, Ben: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gosselin, Peter G.: Los Angeles Times

Goto, Shihoko: Bridge News

Gould, Lee A.: Associated Press

Graham-Silverman, Adam: CQ Daily Monitor

Gramaglia, Giampiero: ANSA Italian News Agency

Grant, Paul R.: Reuters

Gravely, Robert M.: Bloomberg News

Greczyn, Mary: Communications Daily

Green, Mark D.: Daily Oklahoman

Greenberg, Brigitte: Associated Press

Greenberger, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Greenburg, Jan C.: Chicago Tribune

Greene, David: Baltimore Sun

Greene, Robert T.: Bloomberg News

Greene, Thomas C.: London Register

Greenhouse, Linda J.: New York Times

Greenlee, Steven: Restructuring Today

Greiling, Angela: SNG Newspapers

Greve, Frank J.: Knight Ridder

Grey-Coker, Calvin B.: Bridge News

Gribbin, August: Washington Times

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

Griffith, Stephanie: Agence France-Presse

Grimaldi, James V.: Washington Post

Groppe, Maureen: Gannett News Service

Groushin, Boris: Itar-Tass News Agency

Grove, Benjamin: Las Vegas Sun

Grove, Lloyd B.: Washington Post

Gruley, Bryan: Wall Street Journal

Guerrero, Kevin: Dow Jones Corporate Filings Alert

Guggenheim, Ken: Associated Press

Gugliotta, Guy: Washington Post

Guihang, Ci: Wen Hui Bao Daily

Guinto, Joseph: Investor's Business Daily

Gulino, Denny: Market News International

Gullo, Karen: Associated Press

Gunther, Markus: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Gutman, Roy W.: Newsday

Hackett, Laurel E.: Scripps Howard News Service

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: Reuters

Hager, George D.: USA Today

Haggerty, Maryann: Washington Post

Hall, John N.: Media General News Service

Hall, Margaret W.: USA Today

Halladay, Jesse: USA Today

Hallam, Kristen G.: Bloomberg News

Halloran, Liz: Hartford Courant

Hallow, Ralph Z.: Washington Times

Hamaker, Christian: Gas Daily

Hamalainen, Aloysia C.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamburger, Thomas K.: Wall Street Journal

Hamill, Kevin M.: Reuters

Hamilton, Martha A.: Washington Post

Han, Ki-Heung: Dong-a Ilbo

Hanchette, John M.: Gannett News Service

Hancock, Jay: Baltimore Sun

Hand, Mark: Gas Daily

Hanner, Kenneth: Washington Times

Hansen, Brian: Environment News Service

Harada, Tadashi: Sekai Nippo

Harden, Patrick: LRP Publications

Hardin, Peter: Richmond Times-Dispatch

Hargrove, Thomas K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Harland, Janis: New York Times

Harnden, Toby: London Daily Telegraph

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harrison, Katie: Hearst Newspapers

Harrison, Nathaniel: Agence France-Presse

Hartcher, Peter D.: Australian Financial Review

Hartman, Carl: Associated Press

Hartnagel, Nancy J.: Catholic News Service

[[Page 945]]

Hartson, Merrill: Associated Press

Harwood, John J.: Wall Street Journal

Hasan, Khalid: Associated Press of Pakistan

Hastings, Maribel: La Opinion

Havemann, Joel: Los Angeles Times

Hawkings, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hayashi, Michio: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hazar, Hasan M.: Turkiye Daily

Healy, Robert E.: CQ Daily Monitor

Hearn, Kelly W.: United Press International

Heath, Jena: Austin American Statesman

Heavey, Susan: Reuters

Hebel, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hedges, Michael B.: Houston Chronicle

Hedges, Stephen J.: Chicago Tribune

Heilbrunn, Jacob: Los Angeles Times

Heilprin, John: Associated Press

Heller, Marc R.: Watertown Daily Times

Heller, Michele: American Banker

Helm, Mark: Hearst Newspapers

Hendel, Caitlin A.: Bloomberg News

Hendel, John H.: United Press International

Hendez, Javier: El Espectador

Hendren, John: Seattle Times

Hendrie, Paul J.: Bloomberg News

Henley, David C.: Lahontan Valley News

Henneberger, Melinda: New York Times

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Henry, John C.: Houston Chronicle

Henry, Tamara M.: USA Today

Hepinstall, Sonya: Reuters

Herman, Edith: Communications Daily

Herman, Ken: Cox Newspapers

Herms-Drath, Viola: Handelsblatt

Hernandez, Raymond: New York Times

Hess, David W.: National Journal News Service

Hess, Pamela R.: United Press International

Higgins, Sean G.: Investor's Business Daily

Hill, Patrice S.: Washington Times

Hillburg, William O.: Los Angeles Newspaper Group

Hillkirk, Robert S.: USA Today

Hillman, G. Robert: Dallas Morning News

Himelfarb, Joel: United Press International

Himmelman, Jeff: Washington Post

Hines, Cragg: Houston Chronicle

Hines, Elizabeth S.: New York Times

Hirayama, Koji: Nishi-Nippon Shimbun

Hirsch, Claudia: Market News International

Hisae, Masahiko: Kyodo News

Hitt, Greg A.: Wall Street Journal

Ho, David: Associated Press

Hodge, Nathan: Gas Daily

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Holland, Gina L.: Associated Press

Holland, Jesse J.: Associated Press

Holland, Judy: Hearst Newspapers

Holland, Steve: Reuters

Holly, Christopher P.: Energy Daily

Holmes, Charles: Cox Newspapers

Holmes, Emily A.: Associated Press

Holmes, Steven: New York Times

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hoopes, Cora R.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Hopgood, Mei-Ling: Dayton Daily News

Hopper, David I.: Associated Press

Horrock, Nicholas M.: United Press International

Horwich, Lee: USA Today

Hoskinson, Jr., Charles E.: Agence France-Presse

Hosler, Karen A.: Baltimore Sun

Hotakainen, Rob: Minneapolis Star Tribune

House, Julia R.: San Francisco Chronicle

Howell, Deborah: Newhouse News Service

Hoy, Anne: Newsday

Hoyt, Clark F.: Knight Ridder

Hoyt, Jennifer: Associated Press

Hsu, Spencer S.: Washington Post

Hudson, Audrey: Washington Times

Hudson, Saul: Reuters

Hughes, John: Bloomberg News

Hughes, Siobhan: Bloomberg News

Hughey, Ann: Bloomberg News

Hujer, Marc A.: Suddeutsche Zeitung

Hulse, Carl: New York Times Regional Newspapers

Hultman, Tamela: AllAfrica.com

Hume, Lynn S.: Bond Buyer

Hunt, Albert R.: Wall Street Journal

Hunt, Katherine: Reuters

Hunt, Terence: Associated Press

Hurlburt, Sid: USA Today

Hutcheson, Ron M.: Knight Ridder

Hutchinson, Martin: United Press International

Ida, Tetsuji: Kyodo News

Ihara, Yasuhiro: Kyodo News

Ikeda, Nestor K.: Associated Press

Ikeuchi, Shintaro: Nikkei

Ilustre, Josefina L.: Philippine Daily Inquirer

Ingersoll, Bruce: Wall Street Journal

Ip, Gregory: Wall Street Journal

Itsumi, Yoshiyuki: Mainichi Newspapers

Ivanovich, David: Houston Chronicle

Jackler, Rosalind: USA Today

Jackson, David M.: Dallas Morning News

Jackson, Robert L.: Los Angeles Times

Jacoby, Mary: St. Petersburg Times

Jaffe, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Jahn, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

Jakes, Lara: Hearst Newspapers

James III, Frank E.: Chicago Tribune

Jansen, Bart: Portland Press Herald

Jaspin, Elliot: Cox Newspapers

Jelinek, Pauline V.: Associated Press

Jenkins, Christopher T.: USA Today

Jennings, Doug: Oil Daily

[[Page 946]]

Jiang, Liu: Xinhua News Agency

Jiansheng, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Johnson, Carrie: Washington Post

Johnson, David A.: Scripps Howard News Service

Johnson, Glen D.: Boston Globe

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Sandy K.: Associated Press

Johnson, Timothy J.: Miami Herald

Johnston, David: New York Times

Jones, Allison N.: New York Times

Jones, Brent W.: USA Today

Jones, Del: USA Today

Jones, Kerry: Congressional Quarterly

Jordan, Charles: CongressDaily

Joseph, Erin-Kate: LRP Publications

Joseph, Lori A.: USA Today

Joyce, Stacey A.: Reuters

Justice, Glen: Bloomberg News

Justsen, Klaus: Jyllands-Posten

Kadans, Veeree: Gas Daily

Kahn, Joseph: New York Times

Kaiser, Robert G.: Washington Post

Kammer, Jerry: Arizona Republic

Kampeas, Ron: Associated Press

Kanai, Tatsuki: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kanno, Michiyo: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kaplan, Peter: Reuters

Kaplan, Sunny: Los Angeles Times

Karey, Gerald: Platt's Oilgram News

Kastner, Kevin P.: Market News International

Katigbak, Jose: Reuters

Kato, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Katz, Orly A.: Yedioth Ahronoth

Kean, Edward S.: Bridge News

Keefe, Stephen R.: Nikkei

Keen, Judith C.: USA Today

Keeter, Hunter C.: Defense Daily

Keil, Richard: Bloomberg News

Kelley, Jack: USA Today

Kelley, Matt: Omaha World Herald

Kelley, Matthew E.: Associated Press

Kellogg, Sarah M.: Newhouse News Service

Kelly, Anne Marie: Bridge News

Kelly, Erin: Gannett News Service

Kelly, Nancy E.: American Metal Market

Keluher, Ellen: New York Times

Kemper, Robert: Chicago Tribune

Kemper, Vicki: Los Angeles Times

Kempster, Norman: Los Angeles Times

Kenna, Kathleen: Toronto Star

Kennedy, Helen: New York Daily News

Kennedy, Simon: Bridge News

Kersting, Karen: Bloomberg News

Kertes, Noella: CQ Daily Monitor

Kessler, Glenn: Washington Post

Keto, Laurin A.: Dow Jones Newswires

Kettle, Martin: London Guardian

Khan, Salina: USA Today

Kiefer, Francine S.: Christian Science Monitor

Kiely, Kathy: USA Today

Kiernan, Peter: Oil Daily

Kiki, Hironori: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kilian, Michael D.: Chicago Tribune

Kim, Eun Kyung: Associated Press

Kim, Jin: Joong Ang Ilbo

Kim, Sungsoo: Yonhap News Agency

King, Ledyard S.R.: Gannett News Service

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Jr., Neil: Wall Street Journal

Kinnander, Ola: Bond Buyer

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchhoff, Suzanne: Boston Globe

Kivlan, Terence J.: Newhouse News Service

Klein, Alec: Washington Post

Klein Jr., Gilbert F.: Media General News Service

Kline, Alan: American Banker

Kneeland, Andrea: Washington Times

Kniazkov, Maxim: Agence France-Presse

Knight, Danielle: Inter Press Service

Knowlton, Brian B.: International Herald Tribune

Knox, Olivier: Agence France-Presse

Knutson, Lawrence L.: Associated Press

Koar, Juergen: Stuttgarter Zeitung

Kocerha, Vladimir: Gestion

Koff, Stephen: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Koffler, Keith: CongressDaily

Kohn, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Kohrs, Cecile T.: Bridge News

Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

Koning, Rachel: CBS MarketWatch

Kopecki, Dawn: Dow Jones Newswires

Koring, Paul: Toronto Globe and Mail

Kornblut, Anne: Boston Globe

Kosukegawa, Yoichi: Kyodo News

Koszczuk, Jaculine M.: Knight Ridder

Koydl, Wolfgang: Suddeutsche Zeitung

Kralev, Nicholas: Washington Times

Kramer, Reed: AllAfrica.com

Kranish, Michael A.: Boston Globe

Krawzak, Paul M.: Copley News Service

Krebs, Brian: Washington Post-Newsbytes

Kreisher, Otto: Copley News Service

Krim, Jonathan: Washington Post

Krishnaswami, Sridhara: Hindu

Kronholz, June: Wall Street Journal

Kugler, Sara: Colorado Springs Gazette

Kuhner, Jeffrey T.: Washington Times

Kuhnhenn, James L.: Knight Ridder

Kuk, Kiyon: Segye Times

Kukis, Mark: United Press International

Kulish, Nicholas: Wall Street Journal

Kumar, Dinesh: Communications Daily

Kummer, Lorenz: Der Bund

Kuntz, Philip A.: Wall Street Journal

[[Page 947]]

LaRoue, Jr., James F.: Congressional Information Bureau

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lacey, Marc: New York Times

Lachica, Eduardo: Asian Wall Street Journal

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Lancaster, John K.: Washington Post

Landay, Jonathan S.: Knight Ridder

Landers, James M.: Dallas Morning News

Landry, Catherine J.: Platt's Oilgram News

Lane, Earl: Newsday

Lane, Terry: Communications Daily

Langan, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Lara, Andres: La Razon

Lardner, George: Washington Post

Lavin, Carl H.: New York Times

Lawrence, Jill, D.: USA Today

Lawsky, David A.: Reuters

Layton, Lyndsey: Washington Post

Lazaroff, Catherine: Environment News Service

Le Roux, Gildas: Agence France-Presse

Leary, Warren E.: New York Times

Leavitt, Paul W.: USA Today

Lebedev, Ivan: Itar-Tass News Agency

Lebling, Madonna A.: Washington Post

Lee, Bryan: Dow Jones Newswires

Lee, Chrisopher: Dallas Morning News

Lee, Jessica: USA Today

Lee, Larry L.: Sing Tao Daily

Lee, Matthew: Agence France-Presse

Lee, Richard F.: Media General News Service

Lee, Seung Chull: Kyung Hyang Shinmun

Lee, Siew H.: Singapore Straits Times

Lehming, Malte: Der Tagesspiegel

Leiby, Richard N.: Washington Post

Leinwand, Donna: USA Today

Leonard, Mary C.: Boston Globe

Lerman, David: Newport News Daily Press

Lessner, Lori: Wichita Eagle

Lester, William J.: Associated Press

Leubsdorf, Carl P.: Dallas Morning News

Leuck, Sarah: Wall Street Journal

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levin, Alan: USA Today

Levine, Jeffrey B.: WebMD

Lewis, Charles J.: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Copley News Service

Lewis, Katherine: Dallas Morning News

Lewis, Neil A.: New York Times

Li, Tao: Beijing Daily

Li, Zhengxin: China Economic Daily

Libbon, Mark: Syracuse Post-Standard

Lichtblau, Eric: Los Angeles Times

Lieberman, Brett: Harrisburg Patriot-News

Lightman, David: Hartford Courant

Lin, Betty: World Journal

Linder, Craig: States News Service

Lindlaw, Scott: Associated Press

Lindsay, John H.: Scripps Howard News Service

Ling, Christina: Reuters

Lipman, Laurence M.: Palm Beach Post

Lipold, John: Bridge News

Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

Liu, Ping: China Press

Lizama, Orlando: EFE News Services

Lobe, James P.: Inter Press Service

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Lochhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Lockwood, Frank: Lexington Herald-Leader

Locy, Toni: USA Today

Lohr, Lilah: Chicago Tribune

Long, Drew: LRP Publications

Lopez, Jose G.: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Lorente, Rafael: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Louven, Alexandra: Borsen Zeitung

Lowisch, Henriette: Agence France-Presse

Lowrey, Dan: Dow Jones Corporate Filings Alert

Lowy, Joan A.: Scripps Howard News Service

Lumpkin, John J.: Associated Press

Lustig, Michael: Megawatt Daily

Luther, James W.: Associated Press

Lytle, Tamara: Orlando Sentinel

MacDonald, David M.: McClendon News Service

MacDonald, John A.: Hartford Courant

MacFarland, Margo M.: Southwest News Service

MacMillan, Robert: Washington Post-Newsbytes

MacPhersen, Karen: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Machacek, John W.: Gannett News Service

Macintyre, Benedict: London Times

Mackenzie, Hilary: Southam News of Canada

Mackler, Peter: Agence France-Presse

Madden, Mike: Gannett News Service

Maeda, Toru: Sankei Shimbun

Magner, Michael J.: Newhouse News Service

Maguire, Kenneth: Associated Press

Majano, Rosendo: EFE News Services

Male, Eva: Die Presse

Malone, Julia: Cox Newspapers

Maloy, Timothy K.: United Press International

Mann, James H.: Los Angeles Times

Mann, William C.: Associated Press

Manning, Elizabeth: United Press International

Mannion, James C.: Agence France-Presse

Mao, Lisa: PlanetGov.com

Marano, Louis: United Press International

Marchak, Elizabeth A.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Marchi, Stefano: Il Tempo

Marcy, Steven K.: Energy Argus

Margasak, Lawrence N.: Associated Press

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Mark, David: CQ Daily Monitor

Marklein, Mary Beth: USA Today

Marlin, Adam S.: CQ Daily Monitor

[[Page 948]]

Marlowe, Robert E.: Media General News Service

Marolo, Bruno: L'Unita

Marquis, Christopher: New York Times

Marsden, Jason C.: Casper Star-Tribune

Martin, Fowler W.: Dow Jones Newswires

Martin, Gary R.: San Antonio Express-News

Martin, Harold: United Press International

Martin, Michael: United Press International

Martin, Sean: WebMD

Martinez, Ana N.: LRP Publications

Martinez, Barbara: Washington Post

Martinez, Gebe: Detroit News

Martinez, Sandra: Associated Press

Marx, Claude R.: Associated Press

Marzullo, Alecia: Congressional Quarterly

Mas DeXaxas, Xavier: La Van Guardia

Maseri, Sergio G.: El Tiempo

Masterson, Karen: Houston Chronicle

Mather, David L.: Gannett News Service

Mathewson, Judith M.: Bloomberg News

Matsui, Masanori: Nikkei

Matthews, Christopher J.: San Francisco Chronicle

Mayer, Caroline F.: Washington Post

Maynard, Michael: CBS MarketWatch

McAdams, Deborah D.: Cablefax Daily

McAllister, William H.: Denver Post

McBee, Susanna: Hearst Newspapers

McCaffrey, Shannon: Associated Press

McCarthy, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

McCarty, Philip: Dow Jones Newswires

McCaslin, John L.: Washington Times

McClendon, Sarah N.: McClendon News Service

McClintock, Pamela: Variety

McConnell, Darci: Detroit News

McCord, Nancy S.: Financial Times

McCrehan, Jeff: Christian Science Monitor

McCutcheon, Chuck: Congressional Quarterly

McDonald, Roderick L.: Wall Street Journal

McDonald, Timothy: Saudi Press Agency

McFeatters, Ann C.: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

McFeatters, Dale B.: Scripps Howard News Service

McGinley, Laurie: Wall Street Journal

McGregor, Deborah: Financial Times

McGrory, Mary: Washington Post

McGuire, David: Washington Post-Newsbytes

McHugh, Mark S.: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

McIntyre, David T.: German Press Agency - DPA

McKee, Michael: Bloomberg News

McKinley, Elizabeth: USAToday.com

McKinney, Joan: Baton Rouge Advocate

McKinnon, John D.: Wall Street Journal

McLaughlin, Abraham: Christian Science Monitor

McLean, Renwick: New York Times

McLoone, Sharon A.: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

McLoone, Suzette: WashingtonPost.com

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McMurray, Jeffrey: Associated Press

McNeil, Margaret A.: CBS MarketWatch

McQuaid, John G.: New Orleans Times-Picayune

McQueen, Anjetta: Associated Press

McQuillan, Laurence: USA Today

McQuillan, Mark: Bloomberg News

McQuillen, William: Bloomberg News

Meadows, Clifton E.: New York Times

Meadows, Karin L.: Huntsville Times

Means, Marianne: Hearst Newspapers

Means, Sarah J.: Washington Times

Mears, Frances R.: Gannett News Service

Mears, Walter R.: Associated Press

Meckler, Laura: Associated Press

Meinert, Dori: Copley News Service

Melendez, Michele M.: Newhouse News Service

Memenza, Mary C.: Gas Daily

Memmott, Mark J.: USA Today

Menaker, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Mentzer, Tom: Scripps Howard News Service

Mercer, Marsha D.: Media General News Service

Merida, Kevin E.: Washington Post

Merline, John W.: USA Today

Merry, Robert W.: Congressional Quarterly

Meszoly, Robin D.: Bloomberg News

Mevel, Jean-Jacques: Le Figaro

Middleton, Chris: Market News International

Middleton, Otesa: Dow Jones Newswires

Miga, Andrew L.: Boston Herald

Mikhail, Hazem: Al-Ahram

Mikkelsen, Randall: Reuters

Milbank, Dana: Washington Post

Miller, Alan C.: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Greg: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Jeff: Allentown Morning Call

Miller, Steve: Washington Times

Miller, Todd T.: Kyodo News

Millership, Peter: Reuters

Milligan, Susan: Boston Globe

Mills, Betty: Griffin-Larrabee News Service

Milverton, Damian: Dow Jones Newswires

Min, Byung Doo: Munwha Ilbo

Mitchell, Alison: New York Times

Mitchell, Brian P.: Investor's Business Daily

Mitchell, Charles: CongressDaily

Mitchell, Kirsten B.: Media General News Service

Mitchell, Steve: WebMD

Mittelstadt, Michelle: Dallas Morning News

Miura, Toshiaki: Asahi Shimbun

Miyaguchi, Hiroo: Hokkaido Shimbun

Mizejewski, Gerald: Washington Times

Mizushima, Toshio: Yomiuri Shimbun

Mohammed, Arshad A.: Reuters

Moisan, Dorothee: Agence France-Presse

Moleon, Ary: Associated Press

Mollison, Andrew R.: Cox Newspapers

Molotsky, Irvin D.: New York Times

Mondics, Christopher: Philadelphia Inquirer

[[Page 949]]

Moniz, Dave: USA Today

Monoson, Theodore: CQ Daily Monitor

Montet, Virginie: Agence France-Presse

Montgomery, Lori Ann: Washington Post

Montgomery, Scott R.: Congressional Quarterly

Moon, Chang Keuk: Joong Ang Ilbo

Moon, Julie: US-Asian News Service

Moore, Gina G.: Boston Globe

Moreira Leite, Paulo: Gazeta Mercantil

Moreno, Elena: EFE News Services

Morgan, Dan: Washington Post

Moriarty, JoAnn: Newhouse News Service

Moritsugu, Ken T.: Knight Ridder

Morris, Vincent: New York Post

Morrison, Blake: USA Today

Morrison, James E.: Washington Times

Morrison, Joanne E.: Reuters

Morton, Victor J.: Washington Times

Moscoso, Eunice: Cox Newspapers

Mueller, Thomas: German Press Agency - DPA

Mufson, Steven: Washington Post

Mulero, Leonor: El Nuevo Dia

Muller, Stephen H.: Megawatt Daily

Mulligan, John E.: Providence Journal

Mullins, Brody: CongressDaily

Muradian, Vago: Defense Daily

Murphy, Kevin Q.: Kansas City Star

Murray, Alan S.: Wall Street Journal

Murray, Brendan K.: Bloomberg News

Murray, Frank J.: Washington Times

Murray, Shailagh: Wall Street Journal

Murray, Shanon D.: Daily Deal

Murray, William: Bloomberg News

Mutume, Gumisai: Inter Press Service

Mwine, Wamara: United Press International

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Michael: Myers News Service

Myers, Steven L.: New York Times

N'Diaye, Yali: Market News International

Nagata, Kazuo: Yomiuri Shimbun

Nagel, Scott W.: Mainichi Newspapers

Nail, Dawson B.: Communications Daily

Nakai, Yoshinori: Mainichi Newspapers

Nakamura, Hiroko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Nakamura, Shinichi: Kyodo News

Nakano, Tetsuya: Jiji Press

Nakashima, Ellen: Washington Post

Nathan, Sara: USA Today

Nather, David: Congressional Quarterly

Neary, Sean: Congressional Quarterly

Neergaard, Lauran: Associated Press

Neikirk, William R.: Chicago Tribune

Nelson, Jack: Los Angeles Times

Nesbitt, Jim: Newhouse News Service

Nesmith, Jeff H.: Cox Newspapers

Nesshoever, Christoph: Handelsblatt

Neuman, Johanna: Los Angeles Times

Neus, Elizabeth: Gannett News Service

Neusner, Noam: Bloomberg News

New, William E.: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Newton, Christopher H.: Associated Press

Nicholas, Peter: Philadelphia Inquirer

Nichols, Bill: USA Today

Nichols, Hans S.: States News Service

Nicholson, Jonathan: Reuters

Niehaus, Wanita L.: Scripps Howard News Service

Nielsen, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Nishida, Ryoichi: Sankei Shimbun

Nissirio, Patrizio: ANSA Italian News Agency

Nitschke, Lori: Congressional Quarterly

Nix Hines, Crystal: New York Times

Noguchi, Yuki: Washington Post

Nomiyama, Chizu: Reuters

Norman, Jane M.: Des Moines Register

Norton, C. JoAnne: Bloomberg News

Norton, Stephen J.: CongressDaily

Novak, Robert D.: Chicago Sun-Times

Nowicki, Daniel J.: East Valley Tribune

Nutting, Brian W.: Congressional Quarterly

Nutting, Rex: CBS MarketWatch

Nyitray, Joseph P.: Congressional Quarterly

O'Brien, Nancy F.: Catholic News Service

O'Connell, James: Bloomberg News

O'Donnell, Jayne: USA Today

O'Donnell, Maria: La Nacion

O'Keefe, Mark: Newhouse News Service

O'Leary, Elizabeth: WashingtonPost.com

O'Rourke, Lawrence M.: McClatchy Newspapers

O'Sullivan, John: United Press International

O'Toole, Thomas: USA Today

Oelrich, Christiane: German Press Agency - DPA

Oestreicher, Jill: Reuters

Ogata, Kakuya: Kyodo News

Oh, Diane En: Asahi Shimbun

Oh, Peter: Air Daily

Oliphant, Cortright W.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, John L.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Thomas H.: Boston Globe

Olmsted, Daniel J.: United Press International

Omae, Hitoshi: Nikkei

Omicinski, John J.: Gannett News Service

Omuta, Toru: Asahi Shimbun

Onoki, Mamoru: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Oreskes, Michael: New York Times

Orin, Deborah: New York Post

Orndorff, Mary C.: Birmingham News

Ornstein, Charles: Dallas Morning News

Orr, J. Scott: Newark Star-Ledger

Orset, Ole Morten: Nordic Media

Oshima, Hiroshi: Kyodo News

Ostermann, Dietmar: Frankfurter Rundschau

Ostrow, Ronald J.: Los Angeles Times

Ota, Alan K.: Congressional Quarterly

Otsuji, Kazuaki: Kyodo News

[[Page 950]]

Ottaway, David B.: Washington Post

Ourling, Robert K.: CongressDaily

Overberg, Paul: USA Today

Pace, David H.: Associated Press

Page, Susan L.: USA Today

Pallotto, Adam R.: Congressional Quarterly

Palmer, Doug: Reuters

Palmer, Elizabeth: Congressional Quarterly

Pan, Herman: Central News Agency

Papantoniou, Lambros: Eleftheros Typos

Parasuram, T.V.: Press Trust of India

Pardue, Douglas L.: USA Today

Parker, Donald: Tufty News Service

Parker, Laura: USA Today

Parks, Daniel J.: Congressional Quarterly

Parry, Robert: Bloomberg News

Pascal, Riche: Liberation

Pasternak, Judy: Los Angeles Times

Patrick, Robert F.: Los Angeles Times

Patrick, Steven: Congressional Quarterly

Patterson, Mitchell: Wall Street Journal

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Peacock, Stephen: Communications Daily

Pear, Robert L.: New York Times

Peck, Louis M.: CongressDaily

Pelofsky, Jeremy: Reuters

Pena, Maria: EFE News Services

Pennybacker, Mary R.: Associated Press

Perlez, Jane: New York Times

Pesce, Carolyn: USA Today

Petersen, Rosemary D.: Copley News Service

Peterson, Jonathan: Los Angeles Times

Peterson, Margaret: National Journal News Service

Pethel, Blair: Bloomberg News

Pfleger, Katherine A.: Associated Press

Phelps, Timothy M.: Newsday

Phillips, Don: Washington Post

Phillips, Heather: San Jose Mercury News

Phillips, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Phillips, Michael M.: Wall Street Journal

Philpott, Thomas R.: Military Update

Phinney, David C.: States News Service

Piacente, Steve: Charleston Post-Courier

Pianin, Eric S.: Washington Post

Pickler, Nedra: Associated Press

Pierce, Emily: CQ Daily Monitor

Pierce, Gregory T.: Washington Times

Pike, David F.: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Pincus, Walter: Washington Post

Pine, Art: Bloomberg News

Pins, Kenneth W.: Des Moines Register

Pleming, Susan E.: Reuters

Plocek, Joseph E.: Market News International

Plungis, Jeff: Detroit News

Poirier, John: Reuters

Pomper, Miles A.: Congressional Quarterly

Pontarelli, Erika: Agence France-Presse

Poole, Janet: Agence France-Presse

Pope, Charles: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Porteus, Liza: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Posner, Michael L.: National Journal News Service

Pound, Edward T.: USA Today

Povich, Elaine S.: Newsday

Powell, Michael H.: Washington Post

Powell, Stewart M.: Hearst Newspapers

Powelson, Richard: Scripps Howard News Service

Power, Stephen: Wall Street Journal

Powers, Ronald E.: Associated Press

Price, Deborah J.: Detroit News

Price, Elizabeth: Dow Jones Newswires

Prothero, P. Mitchell M.: United Press International

Pruden, Wesley: Washington Times

Przybyla, Heidi M.: Bloomberg News

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Puertas, Jose Antonio A.: Agence France-Presse

Pugh, Anthony: Knight Ridder

Purce, Melinda A.: Associated Press

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Puzzanghera, James M.: San Jose Mercury News

Quaid, Libby: Associated Press

Qureshi, Sajid: Reuters

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

Radelat, Ana M.: Gannett News Service

Raimon, Marcelo: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rajagopalan, Sethuraman: Hindustan Times

Rajghatta, Chidanand: Times of India

Ramadan, Wafik: L'Orient - Le Jour

Ramey, Joanna: Fairchild News Service

Ramjug, Peter: Reuters

Ramstack, Thomas P.: Washington Times

Rankin, Robert A.: Knight Ridder

Rapp, David: Congressional Quarterly

Rater, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Rauber, Marilyn: New York Post

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Rauscher, Jr., Carl R.: Cox Newspapers

Rebello, Joseph: Dow Jones Newswires

Reber, Patricia: German Press Agency - DPA

Recer, Paul: Associated Press

Recio, Maria E.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Reed, Jennifer E.: Catholic News Service

Reed, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Reeves, Pamela: Scripps Howard News Service

Rega, John: Bloomberg News

Rehm, Barbara A.: American Banker

Rehrmann, Laura: Gannett News Service

Reid, Brian: Bloomberg News

Reinert-Mason, Patty: Houston Chronicle

Reiss, Cory: New York Times Regional Newspapers

Remez, Michael A.: Hartford Courant

Reosti, John: American Banker

Reynolds, Katherine M.: Bloomberg News

Rich, Spencer: National Journal News Service

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

[[Page 951]]

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Ricks, Tom: Washington Post

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Ringle, Ken: Washington Post

Rios, Delia M.: Newhouse News Service

Risen, James E.: New York Times

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Risser, William: USA Today

Ritter, Scott: Dow Jones Newswires

Rivero, Maria I.: German Press Agency - DPA

Rizzo, Katherine: Congressional Quarterly

Robb, Greg: AFX News

Robbins, Carla A.: Wall Street Journal

Roberts, Roxanne: Washington Post

Roberts III, William L.: Bloomberg News

Robicheaux, Virginia: Deep Dixie News Service

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, John A.: Defense Daily

Robinson, Stuart J.: CQ Daily Monitor

Roehm, S. Scott: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

Roff, Peter D.: United Press International

Rogers, David E.: Wall Street Journal

Rogers, John: Reuters

Rohner, Mark: Bloomberg News

Roland, Neil: Bloomberg News

Rolfes, Paul: Bridge News

Romero, Juan R.: EFE News Services

Rose, Alexander: National Post

Rosen, James M.: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenbaum, David E.: New York Times

Rosenberg, Eric M.: Hearst Newspapers

Rosenblatt, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Rosenfeld, Megan: Washington Post

Rosenkrantz, Holly: Bloomberg News

Ross, Patrick: Communications Daily

Roth, Bennett: Houston Chronicle

Roth, Susan: Gannett News Service

Rothman, Heather M.: CQ Daily Monitor

Rousseaux, Charles: Washington Times

Rovner, Julie: CongressDaily

Rowley, James C.: Bloomberg News

Rubin, Alissa J.: Los Angeles Times

Rubin, James H.: Bloomberg News

Rubin, Rita L.: USA Today

Rucker, Teri: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Ruiz, Phillip: Los Angeles Times

Runningen, Roger D.: Bloomberg News

Ruskin, Liz: Anchorage Daily News

Rust, Michael: United Press International

Ruzicka, Milan: Los Angeles Times

Ryan, Richard A.: Detroit News

Ryan, Timothy F.: Reuters

Safire, William: New York Times

Sakaguchi, Akira: Akahata

Sakai, Katushiko: Jiji Press

Sakamoto, Takashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Salant, Jonathan D.: Associated Press

Salhani, Claude: United Press International

Samber, Sharon: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Samberg-Champion, Sasha: Communications Daily

Samson, Kurt: United Press International

Sanchez, Emilio: EFE News Services

Sanchez, Humberto: Bond Buyer

Sanchez-Bender, Marcela: Washington Post

Sandalow, Marc: San Francisco Chronicle

Sanders, Edmund: Los Angeles Times

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sanger, David E.: New York Times

Santana, Tamra: Bloomberg News

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Santora, Marc: New York Times

Santos, Lori: Reuters

Sarzo, Michael A.: Communications Daily

Savage, David G.: Los Angeles Times

Savino, Leonard G.: Knight Ridder

Sawyer, Jon M.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Scally, William F.: William Scally Reports

Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Times

Schafer, Sarah: Washington Post

Schatz, Joseph: CQ Daily Monitor

Scheibel, Kenneth M.: Washington Bureau News

Scheltema, Willem D.: United Press International

Schemo, Diana J.: New York Times

Schlein, Alan M.: Schlein News Bureau

Schlesinger, Jacob M.: Wall Street Journal

Schlesinger, Robert: Boston Globe

Schmick, Bill: Bloomberg News

Schmid, Randolph E.: Associated Press

Schmid, Sharon L.: Wall Street Journal

Schmidt, Anna Lisa: Sydney Morning Herald

Schmidt, Peter G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schmitt, Richard B.: Wall Street Journal

Schmitt, Uwe: Die Welt

Schnakenberg, Lea Ann: German Press Agency - DPA

Schneider, Avinoam: Bridge News

Schneider, Greg: Washington Post

Schoenstein, Juergen: Springer Foreign News Service

Schoof, Renee: Knight Ridder

Schouten, Fredreka: Gannett News Service

Schrader, Esther: Los Angeles Times

Schram, Martin: Scripps Howard News Service

Schroeder, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Schroeder, Jr., Robert L.: Bridge News

Schwartz, Emily B.: Bloomberg News

Schwartz, Leland: States News Service

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Schwerzler, Nancy J.: National Journal News Service

Sciolino, Elaine: New York Times

Scott, Heather: Market News International

[[Page 952]]

Scott, Katherine: Gannett News Service

Scrivo, Karen Lee: National Journal News Service

Scully, Megan: States News Service

Scully, Sean P.: Washington Times

Seelmeyer, Dick: Lincoln Journal Star

Seelye, Katharine Q.: New York Times

Seeman, Bruce T.: Newhouse News Service

Sefton, Dru: Newhouse News Service

Seib, Gerald F.: Wall Street Journal

Seiberg, Jaret: Daily Deal

Seimiya, Katsuyoshi: Mainichi Newspapers

Selingo, Jeffrey J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Sergent, Jennifer: Scripps Howard News Service

Serrano, Richard A.: Los Angeles Times

Settles, Mary T.: McClatchy Newspapers

Shaddid, Anthony: Boston Globe

Shafer, Ronald G.: Wall Street Journal

Shalal-Esa, Andrea: Reuters

Shanker, Thomas D.: New York Times

Shapiro, Walter: USA Today

Shaw, Gaylord D.: Newsday

Shaw, John T.: Market News International

Shearer, Cody P.: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

Shearer, Mary Ellen: Medill News Service

Sheehan, Theresa: Market News International

Sheikh, Nezar: Saudi Press Agency

Shelly, Nedra: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Shenon, Philip: New York Times

Shepard, Scott: Cox Newspapers

Sher, Andrew L.: Chattanooga Times/Free Press

Sherman, Mark: Associated Press

Shesgreen, Deirdre: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Shibata, Gaku: Yomiuri Shimbun

Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

Shin, Ki-Sop: Yonhap News Agency

Shiver, Jr., Jube: Los Angeles Times

Shogan, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Shogren, Elizabeth: Los Angeles Times

Shott, Chris: States News Service

Shribman, David: Boston Globe

Shuifu, Tang: Xinhua News Agency

Sia, Richard: National Journal News Service

Sichelman, Lew: United Media

Siciliano, John: Saudi Press Agency

Sieff, Martin J.: United Press International

Siemon-Netto, Uwe: United Press International

Sillitoe, Paul: Bloomberg News

Silvassy, Kathleen C.: CQ Daily Monitor

Silverman, Daniel I.: Asahi Shimbun

Simmons, Deborah: Washington Times

Simon, Dominique: Agence France-Presse

Simon, Richard J.: Los Angeles Times

Simpson, Glenn R.: Wall Street Journal

Sinderbrand, Rebecca: Associated Press

Singer, Paul: United Press International

Siprass, Alan I.: Washington Post

Sirhal, Maureen: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

Sisk, Charles: Daily Deal

Sisk, Richard P.: New York Daily News

Sisler, Peter F.: German Press Agency - DPA

Sitov, Andrei K.: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skiba, Katherine M.: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Skorneck, Carolyn: Associated Press

Skrzycki, Cindy: Washington Post

Slavin, Barbara: USA Today

Sloyan, Patrick J.: Newsday

Smith, Donna M.: Reuters

Smith, Heather H.: Asahi Shimbun

Smith, Sylvia A.: Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette

Smitherman, Laura: Bloomberg News

Smokler, Jeff: Health News Daily

Smolkin, Rachel: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Smyth, Patrick: Irish Times

Snider, Keith A.: Bloomberg News

Snider, Mike: USA Today

Sniffen, Michael J.: Associated Press

Snyder, Charles A.: Hong Kong iMail

Snyder, Mike: WashingtonPost.com

Sobczyle, Joseph A.: Bloomberg News

Sobieraj, Sandra J.: Associated Press

Sobukwe, Joanne C.: Megawatt Daily

Solomon, John F.: Associated Press

Somerville, Glenn F.: Reuters

Son, Hyunduck: Maeil Business Newspaper

Soraghan, Michael J.: Denver Post

Sorrells, Niels C.: CQ Daily Monitor

Sotero, Paulo: O Estado De S. Paulo

Southwick, Ron: Chronicle of Higher Education

Souza, Patricia: EFE News Services

Spang, Thomas: Rheinische Post

Sparacino, Micaele: Congressional Quarterly

Spence, Timothy: Hearst Newspapers

Spencer, George: Restructuring Today

Spencer, Samuel G: Restructuring Today

Spiegel, Peter: Financial Times

Sprengelmeyer, Michael E.: Scripps Howard News Service

Squitieri, Tom: USA Today

Srinivasan, Kalpana: Associated Press

Stainer, M. Maria: Washington Times

Stamas, Vicky J.: Bloomberg News

Stamm, Rudolf: Neue Zurcher Zeitung

Standeford, Dugie: Communications Daily

Starr, Frank: Medill News Service

Staub, Ignaz: Tages Anzeiger

Steel, Michael A.: National Journal News Service

Stefanova, Kristina G.: Washington Times

Stempleman, Neil: Bridge News

Stephens, Hampton: States News Service

Stephens, Joe: Washington Post

Stern, Amy: Congressional Quarterly

Stern, Christopher S.: Washington Post

[[Page 953]]

Stern, Marcus A.: Copley News Service

Sternberg, Steve: USA Today

Sternberg, William: USA Today

Stevenson, Richard W.: New York Times

Stewart, B. Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stinson, Jeffrey: USA Today

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg News

Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

Stolley, Anna Marie: Bloomberg News

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Storey, David: Reuters

Storey, Rodney: WebMD

Stoullig, Jean-Michel: Agence France-Presse

Stout, David G.: New York Times

Strahan, Amy: Bloomberg News

Strass, Marc G.: Defense Daily

Straub, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Street, Storme: Bridge News

Strobel, Warren P.: Knight Ridder

Strong, Thomas J.: Associated Press

Strope, Leigh: Associated Press

Struck, Myron: States News Service

Sugawara, Jun: Hokkaido Shimbun

Sugawara, Sandra: Washington Post

Sugimoto, Hiroshi: Asahi Shimbun

Sugita, Hiroki: Kyodo News

Sujono, Djono: Suara Merdeka

Sullivan, Andy: Reuters

Sumikawa, Yuriko: Kyodo News

Sunohara, Tsuyoshi: Nikkei

Supervielle, Ana Baron: Clarin

Superville, Darlene E.: Associated Press

Surzhanskiy, Andrey A.: Itar-Tass News Agency

Sutherland, Rita M.: Scripps Howard News Service

Suzal, Savas: Sabah

Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

Swindell, Bill: CQ Daily Monitor

Swisher, Lawrence A.: Northwest Newspapers

Swoboda, Frank: Washington Post

Szekely, Peter A.: Reuters

Tachino, Junji: Asahi Shimbun

Tackett, Michael: Chicago Tribune

Takahashi, Akira: Kyodo News

Takanarita, Toru: Asahi Shimbun

Tanzi, Alexandre B.: Bloomberg News

Tarallo, Mark: Bridge News

Tatebayashi, Makiko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Tatsubo, Mutsumi: Jiji Press

Tautfest, Peter: Taz-Die Tageszeitung

Tavara, Santiago: EFE News Services

Taylor, Andrew B.: Congressional Quarterly

Taylor, April: Detroit News

Taylor, Cynthia A.: Boston Globe

Tedards, Frank R.: Cox Newspapers

Temman, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Temple-Raston, Dina: USA Today

Terzian, Philip: Providence Journal

Tetreault, Stephan R.: Donrey Media Group

Theimer, Sharon: Associated Press

Therolf, Garrett: Associated Press

Thomann, Laurence: Agence France-Presse

Thomas, Helen: Hearst Newspapers

Thomas, Karen M.: USA Today

Thomas, Richard G.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Thomasson, Dan K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomma, Steven R.: Knight Ridder

Thompson, Alan R.: Scripps Howard News Service

Thompson, Cheryl: Washington Post

Thompson, Jake: Omaha World-Herald

Thompson, Laura: American Banker

Thorne, Christopher: Associated Press

Tilove, Jonathan: Newhouse News Service

Timmons, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Toedtman, James S.: Newsday

Togasawa, Hidetoshi: Mainichi Newspapers

Tomasik, Mark A.: Scripps Howard News Service

Tomkin, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Tomkins, Richard J.: United Press International

Tomson, Bill: Bridge News

Toner, Robin D.: New York Times

Toppo, Gregory: Associated Press

Torres, Carlos: Bloomberg News

Torres, Luis: Agence France-Presse

Torry, Jack: Columbus Dispatch

Torry, Saundra: USA Today

Toshi, Eiji: Jiji Press

Towell, Pat: Congressional Quarterly

Trescott, Jacqueline: Washington Post

Trott, William C.: Reuters

Truslow, Hugh K.: New York Times

Tsao, Nadia: Taiwan Liberty Times

Tufty, Harold G.: Tufty News Service

Tully, Matthew: CQ Daily Monitor

Tumulty, Brian J.: Gannett News Service

Turner, Douglas L.: Buffalo News

Tuttle, Erica: Washington Times

Twersky, Ori: Reuters

Tyson, Ann Scott: Christian Science Monitor

Tyson, James L.: Bloomberg News

Ueda, Tomoki: Kyodo News

Ullmann, Owen: USA Today

Urakami, Keiji: Kyodo News

Urban, Peter H.: Connecticut Post

Usher, Anne: Associated Press

Vadum, Matthew: Bond Buyer

Vaida, Bara: National Journal's TechnologyDaily

van der Linden, Frank: United States Press

Vande Hei, James: Wall Street Journal

Vanden Brook, Tom: USA Today

Vasquez, Patricia I.: Oil Daily

Viccora, Andrew: LRP Publications

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vieth, Warren: Los Angeles Times

Vita, Matthew: Washington Post

[[Page 954]]

Vorman, Julie: Reuters

Waggoner, John M.: USA Today

Wagman, Robert: Newspaper Enterprise Association

Wagner, Jr., John M.: McClatchy Newspapers

Waitz, Nancy H.: Reuters

Walcott, John L.: Knight Ridder

Wald, Matthew L.: New York Times

Waldmeir, Patti A.: Financial Times

Walker, Martin: United Press International

Walker, Penelope: London Daily Telegraph

Wallsten, Peter F.: Charlotte Observer

Walsh, Bill: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Walsh, Campion: Dow Jones Newswires

Walsh, Edward J.: Washington Post

Walton, Neil N.: Washington Post

Walton, Robert: Gas Daily

Walton-James, Vickie: Chicago Tribune

Wanders, John: Netherlands Press Association

Wang, James C.: United Daily News

Warminsky, Joseph: CQ Daily Monitor

Warner, Mary Beth: National Journal News Service

Warren, James C.: Chicago Tribune

Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

Wartel, Naomi Dawn: Kyodo News

Washington, Wayne M.: Boston Globe

Wastell, David: London Sunday Telegraph

Watanabe, Yosuke: Kyodo News

Waterman, Shaun: United Press International

Waters, Donald C.: Associated Press

Watson, Traci: USA Today

Watson II, Ripley: Bloomberg News

Watters, Susan W.: Fairchild News Service

Watts, William L.: CBS MarketWatch

Webb, Fletcher R.: Associated Press

Webb, Thomas J.: St. Paul Pioneer Press

Weglarczyk, Bartosz: Gazeta Wyborcza

Wegner, Mark A.: CongressDaily

Wehrman, Jessica: Scripps Howard News Service

Weibing, Tan: Xinhua News Agency

Weiser, Carl: Gannett News Service

Weisman, Jonathan: USA Today

Weiss, Miles: Bloomberg News

Weiss, Rick: Washington Post

Welch, James E.: USA Today

Welch, William M.: USA Today

Wells, Robert: Bloomberg News

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westphal, David L.: McClatchy Newspapers

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Wheeler, Lawrence R.: Gannett News Service

Whelan, Charles: Agence France-Presse

Whiddon, Robert: Air Daily

White, Dina: Chicago Tribune

White, Gordon E.: Washington Telecommunications

White, Keith P.: CongressDaily

White, Jr., Joseph G.: Associated Press

Whiteman, Louis: Daily Deal

Whitesides, John L.: Reuters

Whitmire, Richard: USA Today

Whitney, David L.: McClatchy Newspapers

Whittle, Richard: Dallas Morning News

Whitworth, Damian: London Times

Wibisono, Christianto: Suara Pembaruan

Wieland, Leo: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

Wiessler, David A.: Reuters

Wigfield, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Wiggins, Clayton J.: Wall Street Journal

Wilke, John R.: Wall Street Journal

Wilkie, Dana: Copley News Service

Wilkinson, Mark: Reuters

Willard, Anna: Reuters

Willen, Mark: Bloomberg News

Willenbrecht, Karen: Washington Times

Williams, Andrew: Bridge News

Williamson, Bonnie: Megawatt Daily

Willing, Richard T.: USA Today

Willis, Derek: Congressional Quarterly

Willman, David: Los Angeles Times

Wilson, Christopher: Reuters

Wilson, George C.: National Journal News Service

Wilson, Martha W.: Scripps Howard News Service

Winkler, Herbert: German Press Agency - DPA

Witcover, Jules: Baltimore Sun

Witter, Willis: Washington Times

Wodele, Greta: CongressDaily

Wolf, James H.: Reuters

Wolf, Richard J.: USA Today

Wolfe, Frank J.: Defense Daily

Wolffe, Richard: Financial Times

Wood, David: Newhouse News Service

Wood, Winston S.: Wall Street Journal

Woods, Michael: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Woodward, Bob: Washington Post

Woodward, Cal: Associated Press

Wright, Gregory: Gannett News Service

Wright, Jonathan A.: Reuters

Wright, Robin: Los Angeles Times

Wu, Weinong: Xinhua News Agency

Wynn, Randall L.: CQ Daily Monitor

Wysocki, Jr., Bernard: Wall Street Journal

Xiao-Jing, Du: China Press

Xiaoming, Hu: Xinhua News Agency

Xue, Fukang: Guangming Daily

Yamada, Keisuke: Jiji Press

Yamaguchi, Tsutomu: Yomiuri Shimbun

Yamahiro, Tsuneo: Bloomberg News

Yamawaki, Takeshi: Asahi Shimbun

Yan, Ellen: Newsday

Yancey, Matthew L.: Associated Press

Yang, Bong Jin: Korea Economic Daily

Yaukey, John: Gannett News Service

Yi, Dosun: Yonhap News Agency

Yoder, Eric: Washington Post

[[Page 955]]

Yoon, Gook-Han: Han-Kyoreh Shinmun

Yoon, Seung-Yong: Hankook Ilbo & Korea Times

Yoon, Seung-Yoon: Han-Kyoreh Shinmun

Yoshitsugu, Hiroshi: Nikkei

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Younes, Lina: El Vocero de Puerto Rico

Young, Samantha J.: Donrey Media Group

Yule, Robert J.: Asahi Shimbun

Yun, Linda: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zabarenko, Deborah: Reuters

Zacharia, Janine: Jerusalem Post

Zagaroli, Lisa: Detroit News

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zalewski, Witold T.: Polish Press Agency

Zaneski, Cyril: National Journal News Service

Zapor, Patricia J.: Catholic News Service

Zargham, Mohammad: Reuters

Zaro, Erin: Saudi Press Agency

Zeimet, Corinne S.: Agence France-Presse

Zeller, Frank: German Press Agency-DPA

Zeuthen, Kasper: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zhang, Mengjun: Science and Technology Daily

Zhang, Xinghui: China Youth Daily

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, Aaron: Los Angeles Times

Zolt, Stacey: Scripps Howard News Service

Zuckerbrod, Nancy: Associated Press

Zuckman, Jill: Chicago Tribune

[[Page 956]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

                                     

       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

ABIM NEWS AGENCY--(703) 243-2104; 1344 Merrie Ridge Road, McLean, VA 22101: 
Mario Navarro Da Costa, Orlando, L. De Carvalho, Jr.

AFX NEWS--(202) 347-3237; 835 National Press Building, 20045: Christopher 
Anstey, Anna Boekstegen, Justin Cole, Corbett Daly, Greg Robb.

ANG NEWSPAPERS--(202) 662-8731; 1255 National Press Building, 20045: Lisa 
Friedman.

ANSA ITALIAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
20045: Cristiano Del Riccio, Margery Friesner, Grampiero Gramaglia, 
Patrizio Nissirio, Marcelo Raimon.

AFTENPOSTEN--(202) 785-0658; 2030 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: Morten Fyhn.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0045; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, 20005: 
Patrick Anidjar, Gerard Aziakou, Katherine Beddall, Sharon Behn, Marc 
Braibant, Leon Bruneau, Eileen Byrne, Guy Clavel, Stephen Collinson, 
Christophe De Roquefeuil, Philippe Debeusscher, Brigitte Dusseau, 
Christiana Fabiani, Lauren Gelfand, Stephanie Griffith, Nathaniel Harrison, 
Charles, E. Hoskinson, Jr., Daniel Jahn, Maxim Kniazkov, Olivier Knox, 
Francis Kohn, Michael Langan, Gildas Le Roux, Matthew Lee, Robert Lever, 
Henriette Lowisch, Peter Mackler, James, C. Mannion, Dorothee Moisan, 
Virginie Montet, Erika Pontarelli, Janet Poole, Jose Antonio A. Puertas, 
Philippe Rater, Jean-Louis Santini, Dominique Simon, Jean-Michel Stoullig, 
Francis Temman, Laurence Thomann, Luis Torres, Charles Whelan, Corinne S. 
Zeimet.

AIR DAILY--(202) 775-0240; 1700 K Street, Suite 1202, 20006: Peter Oh, 
Robert Whiddon.

AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, 20045: Seiji Endo, 
Akira Sakaguchi.

AL-AHRAM--(202) 737-2122; 1112 National Press Building, 20045: Amr Abd El-
Samie, Hazem Mikhail.

AL-MADINAH NEWSPAPER--(703) 627-6276; 8142 Amethyst Drive, McLean VA 22102: 
Tariq A. Al-Homayed.

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL--(202) 662-7488; 1111 National Press Building, 20045: 
Michael T. Coleman.

ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(202) 824-8216; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 20005: 
Jeff Miller.

AMERICAN BANKER--(202) 347-5529; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, 20005: Dean C. 
Anason, Rob Blackwell, Nicole Duran, Rob Garver, Michele Heller, Alan 
Kline, Barbara A. Rehm, John Reosti, Laura Thompson.

AMERICAN METAL MARKET--(202) 463-3739; 1627 K Street, 10th Floor, 20036: 
Christian Bourge, Nancy E. Kelly.

ANATOLIA NEWS AGENCY--(202) 248-1354; 3003 Van Ness Street, #W427, 20008: 
Deniz Enginsoy.

ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS--(202) 383-0007; 420 National Press Building, 20045: 
Liz Ruskin.

ARAB NEWS--(703) 409-6355; 1535 N. Taylor Street, Arlington, VA 22207-3132: 
Barbara Ferguson.

ARIZONA REPUBLIC--(703) 292-7661; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 
22234: Jerry Kammer.

ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
20045: Paul C. Barton, Kevin Freking.

ARTISTS & WRITERS SYNDICATE--(703) 820-4232; 6136 Beachway Drive, Falls 
Church, VA 22041: Frank A. Aukofer.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, 20045: Jason 
Emery, Michelle M. Godbey, Yoichi Kato, Toshiaki Miura, Diane En Oh, Toru 
Omuta, Daniel I. Silverman, Heather H. Smith, Hiroshi Sugimoto, Junji 
Tachino, Toru Takanarita, Takeshi Yamawaki, Robert J. Yule.

ASIAN WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9274; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, 20036: 
Eduardo Lachica.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9400; 2021 K Street, 6th Floor, 20006: James, 
R. Abrams, Hayden Alfano, Curt L. Anderson, Genaro C. Armas, John J. 
Arnold, Laurence Arnold, Laurie Asseo, Jeannine Aversa, Frank S. Baker, 
Nancy Jo Benac, Timothy K. Bovee, Philip Brasher, David Briscoe, Janelle 
Carter, Connie Cass, Martin S. Crutsinger, Brooke Donald, Harry Dunphy, 
Ronald Edmonds, Jr., David M. Espo, Carole Feldman, Alan Fram, Daniel 
Freedman, Frederic Frommer, Robert S. Furlow, Suzanne Gamboa, George Gedda, 
Robert Gehrke, Marcy G. Gordon, Adam Gorlick, Lee A. Gould, Brigitte 
Greenberg, Ken Guggenheim, Karen Gullo, Carl Hartman, Merrill Hartson, H. 
Josef Hebert, John Heilprin, David Ho, Gina L. Holland, Jesse J. Holland, 
Emily A. Holmes, David I. Hopper, Jennifer Hoyt, Terence Hunt, Nestor K. 
Ikeda, Pauline V. Jelinek, Sandy K. Johnson, Ron Kampeas, Matthew E. 
Kelley, Eun Kyung Kim, Lawrence L. Knutson, William J. Lester, Scott 
Lindlaw, John J. Lumpkin, James W. Luther, Kenneth Maguire, William C. 
Mann, Lawrence N. Margasak, Sandra Martinez, Claude R. Marx, Shannon 
McCaffrey, Jeffrey McMurray, Anjetta McQueen, Walter R. Mears, Laura 
Meckler, Ary Moleon, Lauran Neergaard, Christopher H. Newton, David H. 
Pace, Mary R. Pennybacker, Katherine A. Pfleger, Nedra Pickler, Ronald E. 
Powers, Melinda A. Purce, Libby Quaid, Thomas Raum, Paul Recer, Deb 
Riechmann-Kepler, Jonathan D. Salant, Randolph E. Schmid, Barry Schweid, 
Mark Sherman, Rebecca Sinderbrand, Carolyn Skorneck, Michael J. Sniffen, 
Sandra

[[Page 957]]

J. Sobieraj, John F. Solomon, Kalpana Srinivasan, Thomas J. Strong, Leigh 
Strope, Darlene E. Superville, Sharon Theimer, Garrett Therolf, Christopher 
Thorne, Gregory Toppo, Anne Usher, Donald C. Waters, Fletcher R. Webb, 
Joseph G. White, Jr., Cal Woodward, Matthew L. Yancey, Pete Yost, Nancy 
Zuckerbrod.

ASSOCIATED PRESS OF PAKISTAN--(703) 280-5832; 9019 Bowler Drive, Fairfax, 
VA 22031: Khalid Hasan.

ATLANTA JOURNAL-CONSTITUTION--(202) 887-8378; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, 20001: George H. Edmonson, Melanie Eversley, Ken Foskett.

AUSTIN AMERICAN STATESMAN--(202) 887-8324; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, 20001: Jena Heath.

AUSTRALIAN--(202) 374-2254; 446 National Press Building, 20045: Roy 
Eccleston.

AUSTRALIAN FINANCIAL REVIEW--(202) 639-8084; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, 
#904, 20004: Peter D. Hartcher.

BALTIMORE SUN--(202) 452-8250; 1627 K Street, Suite 1100, 20006: Susan 
Baer, Jeffrey N. Barker, Tom Bowman, Lyle W. Denniston, Heather Dewar, 
Ellen Gamerman, Jack W. Germond, David Greene, Jay Hancock, Karen A. 
Hosler, Paul West, Jules Witcover.

BANGOR DAILY NEWS--(202) 397-2566; 1220 Maryland Avenue NE, 20002: John S. 
Day.

BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE--(202) 554-0458; 6010 Trailside Drive, Springfield, VA 
22150: Joan McKinney.

BEIJING DAILY--(703) 416-7632; 1300 Crystal Drive, #609, Arlington, VA 
22202: Tao Li.

BIOWORLD TODAY--(202) 719-7816; 4301 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 330, 22302: 
Kim Coghill.

BIRMINGHAM NEWS--(202) 383-7837; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 20036: 
Mary C. Orndorff.

BLOOMBERG NEWS--(202) 624-1820; 228 National Press Building, 20045: Charles 
E. Allen III, William Arthur, Marco S. Babic, Terrence A. Barrett, Theresa 
Barry, Paul Basken, Jeffrey C. Bliss, Alex Canizares, Anthony W. Capaccio, 
Jean Christensen, Debra Cope, Jonathan B. Cox, John R. Cranford, Edward 
DeMarco, Vincent A. Del Giudice, Kim Dixon, Ryan Donmoyer, Mark Drajem, Bob 
Drummond, Daniel Enoch, Monee Fields-White, Stephen J. Geimann, Steve 
Gettinger, Daniel Goldstein, Vince Golle, Robert M. Gravely, Robert T. 
Greene, Kristen G. Hallam, Caitlin A. Hendel, Paul J. Hendrie, John Hughes, 
Siobhan Hughes, Ann Hughey, Glen Justice, Richard Keil, Karen Kersting, 
Laura Litvan, Judith M. Mathewson, Michael McKee, Mark McQuillan, William 
McQuillen, Robin D. Meszoly, Brendan K. Murray, William Murray, Noam 
Neusner, C. JoAnne Norton, James O'Connell, Robert Parry, Blair Pethel, Art 
Pine, Heidi M. Przybyla, Kristin Reed, John Rega, Brian Reid, Katherine M. 
Reynolds, William L. Roberts III, Mark Rohner, Neil Roland, Holly 
Rosenkrantz, James C. Rowley, James H. Rubin, Roger D. Runningen, Tamra 
Santana, Bill Schmick, Emily B. Schwartz, Paul Sillitoe, Laura Smitherman, 
Keith A. Snider, Joseph A. Sobczyle, Vicky J. Stamas, Greg Stohr, Anna 
Marie Stolley, Amy Strahan, Alexandre B. Tanzi, Carlos Torres, James L. 
Tyson, Ripley Watson II, Miles Weiss, Robert Wells, Mark Willen, Tsuneo 
Yamahiro.

BOND BUYER--(202) 434-0307; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, 20005: Craig T. 
Ferris, Daniel Floyd, Lynn S. Hume, Ola Kinnander, Humberto Sanchez, 
Matthew Vadum.

BORSEN ZEITUNG--(202) 238-0130; 1779 Church Street, 20036: Alexandra 
Louven.

BOSTON GLOBE--(202) 857-5050; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 20036: 
John M. Donnelly, John A. Farrell, Glen D. Johnson, Suzanne Kirchhoff, Anne 
Kornblut, Michael A. Kranish, Mary C. Leonard, Susan Milligan, Gina G. 
Moore, Thomas H. Oliphant, Robert Schlesinger, Anthony Shaddid, David 
Shribman, Cynthia A. Taylor, Wayne M. Washington, Andrew L. Miga.

BOVARD NEWS SERVICE--(301) 309-6817; 1345 Templeton Place, Rockville, MD 
20852: James Bovard.

BRIDGE NEWS--(202) 220-3733; 600 14th Street, Suite 700, 20005: Annie L. 
Alexander, Kelley O. Beaucar, Margaret Bowen, Stephen Burns, Eileen 
Canning, Rodney Christian, L. Kareema Clark, Charles H. Featherstowe, 
Elizabeth Festa, David P. Givens, Shihoko Goto, Calvin B. Grey-Coker, 
Edward S. Kean, Anne Marie Kelly, Simon Kennedy, Cecile T. Kohrs, John 
Lipold, Paul Rolfes, Avinoam Schneider, Robert L. Schroeder, Jr., Neil 
Stempleman, Storme Street, Mark Tarallo, Bill Tomson, Andrew Williams.

BUENOS AIRES ECONOMICO--(202) 316-7622; 1730 K Street, #304, 20006: Fabian 
Doman.

BUFFALO NEWS--(202) 737-3188; 1141 National Press Building, 20045: Douglas 
L. Turner.

BUSINESS DAY--(202) 824-0740; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 20005: Simon 
Barber.

CBS MARKETWATCH--(202) 824-0553; 620 National Press Building, 20045: Matt 
Andrejczak, Jeffry Bartash, Rachel Koning, Michael Maynard, Margaret A. 
McNeil, Rex Nutting, William L. Watts.

CQ DAILY MONITOR--(202) 887-8500; 1414 22nd Street, 20037: Rebecca Adams, 
Martha Angle, Joyce Barrett, Sandra Basu, Andrew Beadle, Robert A. 
Benenson, John Bicknell, Karin M. Caifa, Peter Cohn, Mary Dalrymple, 
Richard Daly, Jack Deutsch, Suzanne Doughtery, Val Ellicott, Amy Fagan, 
Jackie Frank, Gregory L. Giroux, Samuel Goldreich, Adam Graham-Silverman, 
Robert E. Healy, Peter Kaplan, Noella Kertes, David Mark, Adam S. Marlin, 
Theodore Monoson, Emily Pierce, Stuart J. Robinson, Heather M. Rothman, 
Joseph Schatz, Kathleen C. Silvassy, Niels C. Sorrells, Bill Swindell, 
Matthew Tully, Joseph Warminsky, Randall L. Wynn.

CABLEFAX DAILY--(301) 783-8493; 1201 Seven Locks Road, #300, Potomac, MD 
20854: Deborah D. McAdams.

[[Page 958]]

CASPER STAR-TRIBUNE--(202) 588-7435; 1415 Rhode Island Avenue, 20005: Jason 
C. Marsden.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3266; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., 20017-1100: 
Julie L. Asher, Agostino Bono, Jerome F. Filteau, Barbara J. Fraze, Nancy 
J. Hartnagel, Nancy F. O'Brien, Mark Pattison, Jennifer E. Reed, Patricia 
J. Zapor, Carol Zimmerman.

CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-2738; 1173 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jay Chen, Nelson Chung, Herman Pan.

CHARLESTON (WVA) DAILY MAIL--(202) 662-8732; 1255 National Press Building, 
20045: Karin E. Fischer.

CHARLESTON POST-COURIER--(202) 340-8646; 628 Crocus Drive, Rockville, MD 
20850: Steve Piacente.

CHARLOTTE OBSERVER--(202) 383-6057; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Peter F. Wallsten.

CHATTANOOGA TIMES/FREE PRESS--(202) 662-7651; 1190 National Press Building, 
20045: Andrew L. Sher.

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(202) 662-8808; 1206 National Press Building, 20045: 
Lynn Sweet.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8254; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 20005: Naftali 
Bendavid, John M. Diamond, Mike Dorning, Glen R. Elsasser, Jan C. 
Greenburg, Stephen J. Hedges, Frank E. James III, Robert Kemper, Michael D. 
Kilian, Lilah Lohr, William R. Neikirk, Michael Tackett, Vickie Walton-
James, James C. Warren, Dina White, Jill Zuckman.

CHINA ECONOMIC DAILY--(703) 698-8579; 3305 Crest Haven Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22042: Zhengxin Li.

CHINA PRESS--(202) 662-7570; 3207 Allen Street, #301, Falls Church, VA 
22042: Ping Liu, Du Xiao-Jing.

CHINA TIMES--(202) 662-7570; 952 National Press Building, 20045: Norman Fu.

CHINA YOUTH DAILY--(703) 979-6080; 1900 South Eads Street, #1104, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Xinghui Zhang.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(202) 785-4400; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
20006: C. Justin Brown, Gail R. Chaddock, Dante Chinni, John Dillin, Linda 
Feldmann, Peter Grier, Francine S. Kiefer, Jeff McCrehan, Abraham 
McLaughlin, Warren Richey, Ann Scott Tyson.

CHRONICLE OF HIGHER EDUCATION--(202) 466-1085; 1255 23rd Street, 20037: 
Jeffrey H. Brainard, Stephen Burd, Ben Gose, Sara Hebel, Peter G. Schmidt, 
Jeffrey J. Selingo, Ron Southwick.

CLARIN--(202) 737-4850; 1271 National Press Building, 20045: Ana Baron 
Supervielle.

CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 20045: 
Elizabeth Auster, Thomas J. Brazaitis, Thomas K. Diemer, Sabrina Eaton, 
Stephen Koff, Elizabeth A. Marchak, Nedra Shelly.

COLORADO SPRINGS GAZETTE--(202) 638-7473; 1240 National Press Building, 
20045: Mary Boyle Anderson, Sara Kugler.

COLUMBIA STATE--(202) 383-6023; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Michelle R. Davis.

COLUMBUS DISPATCH--(202) 347-3144; 1152 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jonathan Riskind, Jack Torry.

COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, 20037: Bruce W. 
Branch, Alan Breznick, R. Michael Feazel, Jane Gilmore, Mary Greczyn, Edith 
Herman, Dinesh Kumar, Terry Lane, Dawson B. Nail, Stephen Peacock, Patrick 
Ross, Sasha Samberg-Champion, Michael A. Sarzo, Dugie Standeford.

CONGRESSDAILY--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, Suite 300, 20006: Pamela 
Barnett, Lisa Caruso, Geoff Earle, April E. Fulton, Charles Jordan, Keith 
Koffler, Charles Mitchell, Brody Mullins, Stephen J. Norton, Robert K. 
Ourling, Louis, M. Peck, Julie Rovner, Mark A. Wegner, Keith P. White, 
Greta Wodele.

CONGRESSIONAL INFORMATION BUREAU--(703) 516-4801; 5001 Lee Highway, Suite 
102, Arlington, VA 22207: Robert Cazalas, James F. LaRoue, Jr.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 887-8500; 1414 22nd Street, 20037: Jonathan 
Allen, Victoria Allred, Paul L. Anderson, Janet Austin, Susan Benkelman, 
James C. Benton, Adriel Bettelheim, Wendy Boudreau, Mara A. Caputo, Mary 
Agnes Carey, Mike Christensen, John Cochran, Charles E. Conlon, Karen 
Foerstel, Bonnie L. Forrest, Sheila H. Goffe, David Hawkings, Kerry Jones, 
Alecia Marzullo, Chuck McCutcheon, Robert Menaker, Robert W. Merry, Scott 
R. Montgomery, David Nather, Sean Neary, Lori Nitschke, Brian W. Nutting, 
Joseph P. Nyitray, Alan K. Ota, Adam R. Pallotto, Elizabeth Palmer, Daniel 
J. Parks, Steven Patrick, Michael Phillips, Miles A. Pomper, David Rapp, 
Katherine Rizzo, Micaele Sparacino, Amy Stern, Andrew B. Taylor, Robert 
Tomkin, Pat Towell, Derek Willis.

CONNECTICUT POST--(202) 662-8927; 115 E Street, SE, #103, 20003: Peter H. 
Urban.

COPLEY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 737-6960; 1100 National Press Building, 20045: 
Joe Cantlupe, George E. Condon, Jr., Toby Eckert, Paul M. Krawzak, Otto 
Kreisher, Finlay Lewis, Dori Meinert, Rosemary D. Petersen, Marcus A. 
Stern, Dana Wilkie.

CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(202) 879-6733; 450 National Press Building, 20045: 
Ennio Caretto.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 331-0900; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 20001: 
Andrew Alexander, Susan Burns, Rebecca Carr, Ricky A. Christie, Arthur R. 
Dalglish, Robert E. Dart, Robert E. Deans, Jr., Marilyn Geewax, Andrew J. 
Glass, Ken Herman, Charles Holmes, Elliot Jaspin, Julia Malone, Andrew R. 
Mollison, Eunice Moscoso, Jeff H. Nesmith, Carl R. Rauscher, Jr., Scott 
Shepard, Frank R. Tedards.

[[Page 959]]

CREATORS SYNDICATE--(202) 662-1255; 1009 National Press Building, 20045: 
Mark Shields.

DAGENS NYHETER--(202) 429-0134; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: Mats 
Carlbom.

DAILY DEAL--(202) 429-2992; 1775 K Street, Suite 590, 20006: Shanon D. 
Murray, Jaret Seiberg, Charles Sisk, Louis Whiteman,

DAILY OKLAHOMAN--(202) 662-7543; 914 National Press Building, 20045: Chris 
Casteel, Mark D. Green,

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(202) 661-8410; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 20005: 
Alfredo Corchado, Robert Dodge, G. Robert Hillman, David M. Jackson, James 
M. Landers, Chrisopher Lee, Carl P. Leubsdorf, Katherine Lewis, Michelle 
Mittelstadt, Charles Ornstein, Richard Whittle.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS--(202) 887-8328; 400 North Capital Street, #750, 20001: 
Mei-Ling Hopgood.

DEEP DIXIE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 547-5179; 322 Massachusetts Avenue NE., 
20003: Virginia Robicheaux.

DEFENSE DAILY--(703) 522-5655; 1111 N. 19th Street, Suite 503, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Neil Baumgardner, Hunter C. Keeter, Vago Muradian, John A. 
Robinson, Marc G. Strass, Frank J. Wolfe.

DENVER POST--(202) 662-8990; 1255 National Press Building, 20045: William 
H. McAllister, Michael J. Soraghan.

DER BUND--(202) 638-7096; 1204 National Press Building, 20045: Lorenz 
Kummer.

DER TAGESSPIEGEL--(202) 234-2168; 1766-A Church Street, 20036: Malte 
Lehming.

DES MOINES REGISTER--(703) 907-5002; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th Floor, 
Arlington, VA 22229: George P. Anthan, Jane M. Norman, Kenneth W. Pins.

DESERET NEWS--(202) 737-5311; 1061 National Press Building, 20045: Lee 
Davidson.

DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 383-6036; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Ruby L. Bailey, Janet L. Fix, Alison Bethel, Gebe Martinez, Darci 
McConnell, Jeff Plungis, Deborah J. Price, Richard, A. Ryan.

DETROIT NEWS--(202) 662-7370; 1148 National Press Building, 20045: April 
Taylor, Lisa Zagaroli.

DIE PRESSE--(301) 951-7627; 4701 Willard Avenue, #1025, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Eva Male.

DIE WELT--(202) 882-4964; 4211 Mathewson Drive, 20011: Uwe Schmitt.

DONG-A ILBO--(202) 347-4097; 974 National Press Building, 20045: Ki-Heung 
Han.

DONREY MEDIA GROUP--(202) 783-1760; 666 11th Street, Suite 535, 20001: Tony 
Batt, Christine M. Dorsey, Stephan R. Tetreault, Samantha J. Young.

DOW JONES CORPORATE FILINGS ALERT--(202) 628-7667; 1250 H Street, 11th 
Floor, 20005: Kevin Guerrero, Dan Lowrey.

DOW JONES NEWSWIRES--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
20036: Mark Anderson, Kim Archer, Jeffrey P. Bater, Judith Burns, Rebecca 
S. Christie, John Connor, Jennifer Dooren Corbett, Lynn Cowan, Laurin A. 
Keto, Dawn Kopecki, Bryan Lee, Fowler W. Martin, Philip McCarty, Otesa 
Middleton, Damian Milverton, Elizabeth Price, Joseph Rebello, Scott Ritter, 
Campion Walsh, Mark Wigfield.

EFE NEWS SERVICES--(202) 745-7692; 1252 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maria L. Azpiazu, Jorge Banales, Rafael Canas, Jose Delgado, Orlando 
Lizama, Rosendo Majano, Elena Moreno, Maria Pena, Juan R. Romero, Emilio 
Sanchez, Patricia Souza, Santiago Tavara.

EAST VALLEY TRIBUNE--(202) 628-6318; 1295 National Press Building, 20045: 
Daniel J. Nowicki.

EASTON EXPRESS-TIMES--(202) 383-7848; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, 20036: 
William J. Cahir.

EDINBURGH BUSINESS AM--(301) 891-1552; 6714 Allegheny Avenue, Takoma Park, 
MD 20912: Jamie Dettmer.

EDUCATION DAILY--(703) 739-6914; 1101 King Street, Suite 444, Alexandria, 
VA 22314: Michael Cardman.

EL COLOMBIANO--(703) 248-6864; 3139 N 7th Street, Arlington, VA 22201: 
Silvia Dangond.

EL ESPECTADOR--(301) 942-6835; 2105 Prichard Road, Wheaton, MD 20902: 
Javier Hendez.

EL FINANCIERO--(703) 707-0236; 2300 Darius Lane, Reston, VA 20191: Dolia 
Estevez.

EL NORTE & REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1265 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maria I. Gonzalez.

EL NUEVO DIA--(202) 662-7360; 1053 National Press Building, 20045: Leonor 
Mulero.

EL PAIS--(202) 638-1533; 1134 National Press Building, 20045: Javier V. 
Gimeno.

EL TIEMPO--(202) 607-5929; 3139 North 7th Street, Arlington, VA 22201: 
Sergio G. Maseri.

EL UNIVERSAL--(301) 263-0277; 5519 Pollard Road, Bethesda, MD 20816: 
Everett, A. Bauman.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 662-7190; 801 National Press Building, 20045: Jose C. 
Carreno.

EL VOCERO DE PUERTO RICO--(301) 809-0518; 11900 Bracken Court, Bowie, MD 
20720: Lina Younes.

ELEFTHEROS TYPOS--(202) 675-0697; P.O. Box 2391, 20013: Lambros 
Papantoniou.

ENERGY ARGUS--(202) 775-0240; 1700 K Street, Suite 1202, 20006: Steven K. 
Marcy.

ENERGY DAILY--(202) 662-9720; 627 National Press Building, 20045: Jeff 
Beattie, Tina Davis, Christopher P. Holly, Llewellyn King, George Lobsenz.

ENVIRONMENT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 232-4901; 1615 Q Street, #813, 20009: Brian 
Hansen, Catherine Lazaroff.

FAIRBANKS DAILY NEWS MINER--(202) 662-8721; 1255 National Press Building, 
20045: Sam Bishop.

[[Page 960]]

FAIRCHILD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-8828; 954 National Press Building, 20045: 
Kristi Ellis, Joanna Ramey, Susan W. Watters.

FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 289-5474; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 20005: Edward 
Alden, Ayda Atallah, Gerard Baker, Peronet Despeignes, Nancy Dunne, Stephen 
Fidler, Nancy S. McCord, Deborah McGregor, Peter Spiegel, Patti A. 
Waldmeir, Richard Wolffe.

FINANCIAL TIMES DEUTSCHLAND--(202) 362-6973; 4824 Upton Street, 20016: 
Yvonne Esterhazy.

FLORIDA TIMES-UNION--(301) 214-2288; 4509 Dresden Street, Kensington, MD 
20895: Bruce I. Friedland.

FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM--(202) 383-6103; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Maria E. Recio.

FRANKFURTER ALLGEMEINE ZEITUNG--(301) 294-2345; 9413 Copenhaver Drive, 
Potomac, MD 20854: Leo Wieland.

FRANKFURTER RUNDSCHAU--(301) 320-0101; 5011 Keokuk Street, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Dietmar Ostermann.

FT. WAYNE JOURNAL GAZETTE--(202) 879-6710; 551 National Press Building, 
20045: Sylvia A. Smith.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 276-5800; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th Floor, 
Arlington, VA 22229-0001: Douglas R. Abrahms, Caesar Andrews, Jeanette 
Barrett-Stokes, Robert Benincasa, Larry Bivins, Faith M. Bremner, Norm 
Brewer, Pamela A. Brogan, Sergio Bustos, Dennis Camire, Raju Chebium, 
Ronald E. Cohen, Barbara DeLollis, Derrick DePledge, Linda L. Dono, Ellyn 
Ferguson, Jon Frandsen, James R. Golden, Maureen Groppe, John M. Hanchette, 
Erin Kelly, Ledyard S.R. King, John W. Machacek, Mike Madden, Marie Marino, 
David L. Mather, Frances R. Mears, Elizabeth Neus, John J. Omicinski, 
Charles Raasch, Ana M. Radelat, Laura Rehrmann, Susan Roth, Fredreka 
Schouten, Craig Schwed, Katherine Scott, Brian J. Tumulty, Carl Weiser, 
Lawrence R. Wheeler, Gregory Wright, John Yaukey.

GAS DAILY--(703) 816-8620; 1600 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 600, Arlington, VA 
22209: Catherine Dobson, Christian Hamaker, Mark Hand, Nathan Hodge, Veeree 
Kadans, Mary C. Memenza, Robert Walton.

GAZETA MERCANTIL--(301) 983-5916; 10010 Gary Road, Potomac, MD 20854: Paulo 
Moreira Leite.

GAZETA WYBORCZA--(202) 887-8336; 400 North Capitol Street, #750, 20001: 
Bartosz Weglarczyk.

GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 662-1220; 969 National Press Building, 
20045: Gabriele Chwallek, David T. McIntyre, Thomas Mueller, Christiane 
Oelrich, Patricia Reber, Maria I. Rivero, Lea Ann Schnakenberg, Peter F. 
Sisler, Herbert Winkler, Frank Zeller.

GESTION--(301) 279-9109; 2894 Glenora Lane, Rockville, MD 20850: Vladimir 
Kocerha.

GLOBAL HORIZONS SYNDICATE--(202) 659-1921; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, 
20036: Edward Flattau.

GRIFFIN-LARRABEE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 554-3579; 2404 Davis Avenue, 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Betty Mills.

GUANGMING DAILY--(202) 363-0628; 4816 Butterworth Place, 20016-4357: Fukang 
Xue.

HAN-KYOREH SHINMUN--(202) 347-7411; 821 National Press Building, 20045: 
Gook-Han Yoon.

HAN-KYOREH SHINMUN--(202) 783-2674; 961 National Press Building, 20045: 
Seung-Yoon Yoon.

HANDELSBLATT--(202) 862-6615; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, #800, 20036: Dirk 
Cohausz, Viola Herms-Drath, Christoph Nesshoever.

HANKOOK ILBO & KOREA TIMES--(202) 783-2674; 961 National Press Building, 
20045: Seung-Yong Yoon.

HARRISBURG PATRIOT-NEWS--(202) 383-7833; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, 20036: Brett Lieberman.

HARTFORD COURANT--(202) 822-8040; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, #300, 20036: 
Rene E. Brown, Liz Halloran, David Lightman, John A. MacDonald, Michael A. 
Remez.

HEALTH NEWS DAILY--(301) 664-7124; 5550 Friendship Boulevard, Suite 1, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: Nellie O. Bristol, Catherine Fiore, David M. 
Glendinning, Jeff Smokler.

HEARST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 20006: 
Kristen Collie, Dan Freedman, Katie Harrison, Mark Helm, Judy Holland, Lara 
Jakes, Charles J. Lewis, Susanna McBee, Marianne Means, Stewart M. Powell, 
Eric M. Rosenberg, Timothy Spence, Helen Thomas.

HINDU--(301) 654-9038; 4701 Willard Avenue, #1531, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Sridhara Krishnaswami.

HINDUSTAN TIMES--(703) 876-6149; 2731 Pleasantdale Road, #203, Vienna, VA 
22180: Sethuraman Rajagopalan.

HOKKAIDO SHIMBUN--(202) 783-6033; 1012 National Press Building, 20045: 
Hiroo Miyaguchi, Jun Sugawara.

HOLLYWOOD REPORTER--(202) 833-8845; 1700 K Street, Suite 306, 20006: Brooks 
Boliek.

HONG KONG IMAIL--(301) 942-2442; P.O. Box 571, Garrett Park, MD 20896: 
Charles A. Snyder.

HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(202) 393-6880; 1341 G Street, Suite 201, 20005: Michael 
B. Hedges, John C. Henry, Cragg Hines, David Ivanovich, Karen Masterson, 
Patty Reinert-Mason, Bennett Roth.

HUNTSVILLE TIMES--(202) 383-7830; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
20036: Karin L. Meadows.

HURRIYET--(301) 564-6691; 16 Grove Ridge Court, Rockville, MD 20852: Mehmet 
K. Cindemir.

[[Page 961]]

IL GIORNALE--(202) 237-1019; 2841 Arizona Terrace 20016: Mariuccia 
Chiantaretto.

IL SOLE 24 ORE--(202) 347-5233; 916A National Press Building, 20045: Mario 
Calvo-Platero.

IL TEMPO--(202) 306-4737; 3140 Wisconsin Avenue, 20016: Stefano Marchi.

INTER PRESS SERVICE--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 20045: 
Abid Aslam, Danielle Knight, James P. Lobe, Gumisai Mutume.

INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE--(202) 334-7418; 1150 15th Street, 20071: 
Brian B. Knowlton.

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(202) 737-0800; 1317 F Street, Suite 930, 20004: 
Joseph Guinto, Sean G. Higgins, Brian P. Mitchell.

IRISH TIMES--(301) 320-2308; 6221 Redwing Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: Patrick 
Smyth.

ITAR-TASS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 20045: 
Boris Groushin, Ivan Lebedev, Andrei K. Sitov, Andrey A. Surzhanskiy.

JERUSALEM POST--(202) 265-2812; 1631 S Street, Suite 607, 20009: Janine 
Zacharia.

JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(202) 737-0935; 1025 Vermont Avenue, #504, 
Washington, MD 20005: Matthew E. Berger, Sharon Samber.

JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, 20045: Kazuyasu 
Akashi, Narra N. Briscoe, Tetsuya Nakano, Katushiko Sakai, Mutsumi Tatsubo, 
Eiji Toshi, Keisuke Yamada.

JOONG ANG ILBO--(202) 347-4006; 839 National Press Building, 20045: Jin 
Kim, Chang Keuk Moon.

JYLLANDS-POSTEN--(301) 320-9079; 6405 Little Leigh Court, Cabin John, MD 
20818: Klaus Justsen.

KANSAS CITY STAR--(202) 383-6015; 700 National Press Building, 20045: David 
Goldstein, Kevin Q. Murphy.

KIPLING NEWS SERVICE--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906-3873: Bogdan Kipling.

KNIGHT RIDDER--(202) 383-6100; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Seth B. 
Borenstein, Robert J. Boyd, Steven B. Butler, Kathleen Carroll, Sumana 
Chatterjee, Joyce M. Davis, Jodi A. Enda, Frank J. Greve, Clark F. Hoyt, 
Ron M. Hutcheson, Jaculine M. Koszczuk, James L. Kuhnhenn, Jonathan S. 
Landay, Ken T. Moritsugu, Anthony Pugh, Robert A. Rankin, Leonard G. 
Savino, Renee Schoof, Warren P. Strobel, Steven R. Thomma, John L. Walcott.

KOREA ECONOMIC DAILY--(202) 347-2014; 909 National Press Building, 20045: 
Bong Jin Yang.

KUWAIT NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 20045: 
Adnan Aljadi.

KYODO NEWS--(202) 347-5767; 400 National Press Building, 20045: Masaaki 
Aoki, Moriyasu Chikazawa, Masahiko Hisae, Tetsuji Ida, Yasuhiro Ihara, 
Yoichi Kosukegawa, Todd T. Miller, Shinichi Nakamura, Kakuya Ogata, Hiroshi 
Oshima, Kazuaki Otsuji, Hiroki Sugita, Yuriko Sumikawa, Akira Takahashi, 
Tomoki Ueda, Keiji Urakami, Naomi Dawn Wartel, Yosuke Watanabe.

KYUNG HYANG SHINMUN--(703) 241-5511; 1914 Autumn Chase Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22043: Seung Chull Lee.

L'ORIENT - LE JOUR--(202) 342-1213; 1045 31st Street, #404, 20007: Wafik 
Ramadan.

L'UNITA--(202) 237-1019; 2841 Arizona Terrace, 20045: Bruno Marolo.

LRP PUBLICATIONS--(703) 684-0510; 1555 King Street, Suite 200, 22314: Julie 
Ellis, Jason Emerson, Patrick Harden, Erin-Kate Joseph, Drew Long, Ana N. 
Martinez, Andrew Viccora.

LA JORNADA--(202) 547-5852; 132 North Carolina Avenue SE., 20003: David 
Brooks, James Cason.

LA NACION--(202) 628-7907; 901 National Press Building, 20045: Maria 
O'Donnell.

LA NAZIONE--(202) 347-0245; 450 National Press Building, 20045: Cesare De 
Carlo.

LA OPINION--(202) 662-1240; 962 National Press Building, 20045: Maribel 
Hastings.

LA RAZON--(301) 603-7696; 3524 Peartree Court, #44, Silver Spring, MD 
20906: Lara Andres.

LA TRIBUNA--(202) 737-5349; 801 National Press Building, 20045: Jacobo 
Goldstein.

LA VAN GUARDIA--(301) 299-1695; 6812 Algonquin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Xavier Mas DeXaxas.

LAHONTAN VALLEY NEWS--(301) 951-9590; 5500 Park Street, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: David C. Henley.

LAS VEGAS SUN--(202) 628-3100; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #524-N, 20004: 
Benjamin Grove.

LE FIGARO--(202) 342-3199; 1228 30th Street, 20007: Jean-Jacques Mevel.

LE MAURICIEN--(301) 424-3884; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

LE MONDE--(202) 237-0620; 1826 Biltmore Street, 20009: Patrice De Beer.

LEXINGTON HERALD-LEADER--(202) 383-6050; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Frank Lockwood.

LIBERATION--(202) 249-9343; 4127 Harrison Street, 20015: Riche Pascal.

LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR--(301) 466-5051; 5901 Seminole Street, Berwyn Heights, 
MD 20740: Dick Seelmeyer.

LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5195; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20004: Ben Fenton, Toby Harnden, Penelope Walker.

LONDON EVENING STANDARD--(301) 270-1022; 8 Jefferson Avenue, Tacoma Park, 
MD 20912: Eva Lauren Chambliss.

LONDON GUARDIAN--(202) 223-2486; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, #502, 20036: 
Julian Borger, Martin Kettle.

LONDON INDEPENDENT--(202) 467-4460; 1726 M Street, 20008: Andrew Buncombe, 
Mary Dejevsky.

LONDON REGISTER--(202) 258-1821; 5480 Wisconsin Avenue, #608, Chevy Chase, 
MD 20815: Thomas C. Greene.

[[Page 962]]

LONDON SUNDAY TELEGRAPH--(202) 628-4823; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20004: David Wastell.

LONDON SUNDAY TIMES--(703) 761-6412; 701 Bulls Neck Road, Falls Church, VA 
22102: Tony Allen-Mills.

LONDON TIMES--(202) 347-7659; 446 National Press Building, 20045: Ian 
Brodie, Benedict Macintyre, Damian Whitworth.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 484-8255; 1128 National Press Building, 
20045: David F. Pike.

LOS ANGELES NEWSPAPER GROUP--(202) 662-8925; 1255 National Press Building, 
20045: William O. Hillburg.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(202) 293-4650; 1875 I Street, Suite 1100, 20006: 
Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Nick Anderson, Geraldine Baum, Stephen Braun, 
Ronald Brownstein, Edwin Chen, Marlene Cimons, Richard Cooper, Robert 
Drogin, Faye Fiore, Don Frederick, Megan Garvey, James R. Gerstenzang, Lisa 
Getter, Adrianne Goodman, Peter G. Gosselin, Joel Havemann, Jacob 
Heilbrunn, Janet Hook, Robert L. Jackson, Sunny Kaplan, Vicki Kemper, 
Norman Kempster, Eric Lichtblau, James H. Mann, Thomas McCarthy, Doyle 
McManus, Alan C. Miller, Greg Miller, Jack Nelson, Johanna Neuman, Ronald 
J. Ostrow, Judy Pasternak, Robert F. Patrick, Jonathan Peterson, Paul 
Richter, James Robinson, Robert Rosenblatt, Alissa J. Rubin, Phillip Ruiz, 
Milan Ruzicka, Edmund Sanders, David, G. Savage, Esther Schrader, Richard 
A. Serrano, Jube Shiver, Jr., Robert Shogan, Elizabeth Shogren, Richard J. 
Simon, Warren Vieth, David Willman, Robin Wright, Aaron Zitner.

LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL--(703) 276-5423; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th 
Floor, Arlington, VA 22229: James R. Carroll.

MAEIL BUSINESS NEWSPAPER--(202) 637-3258; 1149 National Press Building, 
20045: Hyunduck Son.

MAGYAR SZO--(202) 904-4433; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, #207, 20036: Tibor 
Purger.

MAINICHI NEWSPAPERS--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, 20045: 
Hiroshi Fuse, Yoshiyuki Itsumi, Scott W. Nagel, Yoshinori Nakai, Katsuyoshi 
Seimiya, Hidetoshi Togasawa.

MANCHESTER UNION LEADER--(703) 931-4384; 3707 Holmes Lane, Alexandria, VA 
22302: Bernadette M. Connolly.

MARKET NEWS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 
20045: Steven K. Beckner, Denny Gulino, Claudia Hirsch, Kevin P. Kastner, 
Chris Middleton, Yali N'Diaye, Joseph E. Plocek, Heather Scott, John T. 
Shaw, Theresa Sheehan.

McCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS--(202) 383-0008; 420 National Press Building, 20045: 
Les Blumenthal, Michael Bold, Muriel Dobbin, Michael Doyle, Lawrence M. 
O'Rourke, James M. Rosen, Mary T. Settles, John M. Wagner, Jr., David L. 
Westphal, David L. Whitney.

McCLENDON NEWS SERVICE--(301) 320-8761; 6904 River Road, Suite 104, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: David M. MacDonald, Sarah N. McClendon.

MEDIA GENERAL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7664; 1214 National Press Building, 
20045: John N. Hall, Gilbert F. Klein Jr., Richard F. Lee, Robert E. 
Marlowe, Marsha D. Mercer, Kirsten B. Mitchell.

MEDILL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 661-0102; 1325 G Street, 20005: Mary Ellen 
Shearer, Frank Starr.

MEGAWATT DAILY--(703) 816-8630; 1600 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 600, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Anthony E. BiPaola, Michael Lustig, Stephen H. Muller, 
Joanne C. Sobukwe, Bonnie Williamson.

MIAMI HERALD--(202) 383-6054; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Frank 
Davies, Timothy J. Johnson.

MILITARY UPDATE--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 23111, Centreville, VA 20120-
1111: Thomas R. Philpott.

MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
20045: Craig Gilbert, Katherine M. Skiba.

MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 393-2228; 420 National Press Building, 
20045: Leonor A. Briscoe, Kevin Diaz, Gregory Gordon, Rob Hotakainen.

MUNWHA ILBO--(202) 662-7342; 11209 Trippon Court, Gaithersburg, MD 20878: 
Byung Doo Min.

MYERS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 479-1130; 8213 Taunton Place, Springfield, VA 
22152: Michael Myers.

NACHRICHTEN FUER AUSSENHANDEL--(202) 662-7415; 412 National Press Building, 
20045: Robert Espey.

NATIONAL JOURNAL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 261-0388; 1501 M Street, Suite 300, 
20005: Bill Ghent, David W. Hess, Margaret Peterson, Michael L. Posner, 
Spencer Rich, Nancy J. Schwerzler, Karen Lee Scrivo, Richard Sia, Michael 
A. Steel, Mary Beth Warner, George C. Wilson, Cyril Zaneski.

NATIONAL JOURNAL'S TECHNOLOGYDAILY--(202) 261-0353; 1501 M Street, Suite 
300, 20005: Shawn Chen, Drew Clark, K. Daniel Glover, Sharon A. McLoone, 
William E. New, Liza Porteus, Teri Rucker, Maureen Sirhal, Bara Vaida.

NATIONAL POST--(202) 662-7576; 1206 National Press Building, 20045: Jan 
Cienski, Alexander Rose.

NETHERLANDS PRESS ASSOCIATION--(703) 938-7715; 520 Woodland Court, Vienna, 
VA 22180: John Wanders.

NEUE ZURCHER ZEITUNG--(202) 298-7906; 3007 P Street, 20007: Andreas Cleis, 
Rudolf Stamm.

NEW HAVEN REGISTER--(202) 737-5654; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #524, 20004: 
Lolita Baldor.

NEW ORLEANS TIMES-PICAYUNE--(202) 383-7861; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, 20036: Bruce S. Alpert, John G. McQuaid, Bill Walsh.

[[Page 963]]

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6670; 1615 M Street, Suite 720, 20036: 
Kenneth R. Bazinet, Timothy J. Burger, Thomas M. DeFrank, Helen Kennedy, 
Richard P. Sisk.

NEW YORK POST--(202) 393-1787; 1114 National Press Building, 20045: Brian 
Blomquist, Vincent Morris, Deborah Orin, Marilyn Rauber.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, 20006: Jill 
Abramson, Lizette Alvarez, Von Aulston, Janet Battaile, Elizabeth Becker, 
James Bennet, Richard L. Berke, David Binder, Raymond Bonner, Monica C. 
Borkowski, Joel Brinkley, John M. Broder, Gregory C. Bruno, Marian F. 
Burros, Francis X. Clines, Adam Clymer, Gail G. Collins, John H. Cushman, 
Jr., James Dao, Maureen Dowd, John Files III, Jeff Gerth, Linda J. 
Greenhouse, Janis Harland, Melinda Henneberger, Raymond Hernandez, 
Elizabeth S. Hines, Steven Holmes, David Johnston, Allison N. Jones, Joseph 
Kahn, Ellen Keluher, Stephen Labaton, Marc Lacey, Carl H. Lavin, Warren E. 
Leary, Neil A. Lewis, Christopher Marquis, Renwick McLean, Clifton E. 
Meadows, Alison Mitchell, Irvin D. Molotsky, Steven L. Myers, Hines Crystal 
Nix, Michael Oreskes, Robert L. Pear, Jane Perlez, James E. Risen, David E. 
Rosenbaum, William Safire, David E. Sanger, Marc Santora, Diana J. Schemo, 
Eric Schmitt, Elaine Sciolino, Katharine Q. Seelye, Thomas D. Shanker, 
Philip Shenon, Ronald Skarzenski, Richard W. Stevenson, Sheryl Stolberg, 
David G. Stout, Robin D. Toner, Hugh K. Truslow, Matthew L. Wald.

NEW YORK TIMES REGIONAL NEWSPAPERS--(202) 862-0382; Carl Hulse, Cory Reiss.

NEWARK STAR-LEDGER--(202) 383-7823; Robert Cohen, J. Scott Orr.

NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7800; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
20036; Miles R. Benson, Deborah Howell, Sarah M. Kellogg, Terence J. 
Kivlan, Michael J. Magner, Michele M. Melendez, JoAnn Moriarty, Jim 
Nesbitt, Mark O'Keefe, Delia M. Rios, Bruce T. Seeman, Dru Sefton, Jonathan 
Tilove, David Wood.

NEWPORT NEWS DAILY PRESS--(202) 824-8224; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 20005: 
David Lerman.

NEWSDAY--(202) 393-5630; 1730 Pennsylvania Avenue, #850, 20006: Deborah 
Barfield, Thomas F. Brune, Marie Cocco, William G. Douglas, Kenneth 
Fireman, Thomas L. Frank, D. Craig Gordon, Roy W. Gutman, Anne Hoy, Earl 
Lane, Timothy M. Phelps, Elaine S. Povich, Gaylord D. Shaw, Patrick J. 
Sloyan, James S. Toedtman, Ellen Yan.

NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE ASSOCIATION--(301) 365-4466; 8707 Burning Tree Road, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Robert Wagman.

NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 815 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 310, 20006; Kiyoshi 
Ando, Christina Bilski, Akio Fujii, Atsuko Fukase, Shintaro Ikeuchi, 
Stephen R. Keefe, Masanori Matsui, Hitoshi Omae, Tsuyoshi Sunohara, Hiroshi 
Yoshitsugu.

NISHI-NIPPON SHIMBUN--(202) 393-5812; 1012 National Press Building, 20045: 
Megumi Kikuchi.

NORDIC MEDIA--(202) 462-2209; 1536 15th Street, #6, 20005-1913: Ole Morten 
Orset.

NORTHWEST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 546-2547; 316 3rd Street, NE., 20002: Lawrence 
A. Swisher.

NOTIMEX MEXICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5227; 425 National Press Building, 
20045: Ricardo Alday, Ruben Barrera, Jesus P. Esquivel, Jose G. Lopez.

O ESTADO DE S. PAULO--(202) 682-3752; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 20005: 
Paulo Sotero.

OIL DAILY--(202) 662-0700; 1401 New York Avenue, Suite 500, 20005-2150: 
Michelle Brier, Manimoli Dinesh, Peter Eisen, Doug Jennings, Peter Kiernan, 
Patricia I. Vasquez.

OLIPHANT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 298-7226; 4816 W Street, 20007: Cortright W. 
Oliphant, John L. Oliphant.

OMAHA WORLD HERALD--(202) 662-7270; 836 National Press Building, 20045: 
Matt Kelley, Jake Thompson.

ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER--(202) 628-6381; 1295 National Press Building, 
20045: Dena Bunis.

OREGONIAN--(202) 383-7800; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 20036: James 
C. Barnett, Thomas J. Detzel.

ORLANDO SENTINEL--(202) 824-8255; 1325 G Street, 20005: Tamara Lytle.

PALM BEACH POST--(202) 887-8340; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 20001: 
Laurence M. Lipman.

PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(202) 383-6048; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Steven L. Goldstein, Christopher Mondics, Peter Nicholas.

PHILIPPINE DAILY INQUIRER--(703) 685-2665; 841 South Glebe Road, Arlington, 
VA 22204: Josefina L. Ilustre.

PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE--(202) 662-7070; 955 National Press Building, 
20045: Karen MacPhersen, Ann C. McFeatters, Rachel Smolkin, Michael Woods.

PLANETGOV.COM--(202) 429-2054; 1825 I Street, Suite 400, 20006: Mike 
Causey, Lisa Mao.

PLATT'S OILGRAM NEWS--(202) 383-2250; 1200 G Street, Suite 1100, 20005: 
Gerald Karey, Catherine J. Landry.

POLISH PRESS AGENCY--(301) 365-1099; 7505 Democracy Boulevard, #A-413, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Witold T. Zalewski.

PORTLAND PRESS HERALD--(301) 869-4043; 10056 Maple Leaf Drive, 
Gaithersburg, MD 20886: Bart Jansen.

PRESS TRUST OF INDIA--(301) 951-8657; 4450 South Park Avenue, Suite 1719, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: T.V. Parasuram.

[[Page 964]]

PROVIDENCE JOURNAL--(202) 661-8423; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 20005: John 
E. Mulligan, Philip Terzian.

RELIGION NEWS SERVICE--(202) 463-8777; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 350, 
20036: David E. Anderson, Adelle M. Banks, Shelvia L. Dancy, Kevin 
Eckstrom.

RESTRUCTURING TODAY--(202) 298-8201; 4418 McArthur Boulevard, 20007: Steven 
Greenlee, George Spencer, Samuel G. Spencer.

REUTERS--(202) 898-8300; 1333 H Street, Suite 410, 20005: Charles J. 
Abbott, Charles Aldinger, Charles D. Alexander, JoAnne Allen, Victoria L. 
Allen, Timothy D. Ahmann, Philip Barbara, Diane Bartz, Eric Beech, Melissa 
R. Bland, Anthony Boadle, Caren Bohan, Xavier Briand, Deborah Charles, T. 
Michael Clancy, Andrew Clark, Patrick Connole, Peter Cooney, Robert 
Covington, Richard Cowan, Sarah Crang, John Crawley, Timothy H. Dobbyn, 
Christopher Doering, Tom Doggett, Robert Doherty, Stuart C. Doughty, Will 
Dunham, Todd R. Eastham, Mark B. Egan, Alan Elsner, Knut Engelmann, Adam B. 
Entous, Randolph T. Fabi, Mark Felsenthal, Alexander Ferguson, Thomas M. 
Ferraro, Anton F. Ferreira, Maggie Fox, Mary Gabriel, Carol A. Giacomo, 
Laura Gilcrest, Steven H. Ginsburg, Paul R. Grant, Barbara Hagenbaugh, 
Kevin M. Hamill, Susan Heavey, Sonya Hepinstall, Steve Holland, Saul 
Hudson, Katherine Hunt, Stacey A. Joyce, Peter Kaplan, Jose Katigbak, David 
A. Lawsky, Christina Ling, Randall Mikkelsen, Peter Millership, Arshad A. 
Mohammed, Joanne E. Morrison, Jonathan Nicholson, Chizu Nomiyama, Jill 
Oestreicher, Doug Palmer, Jeremy Pelofsky, Susan E. Pleming, John Poirier, 
Sajid Qureshi, Peter Ramjug, Lisa Richwine, John Rogers, Timothy F. Ryan, 
Lori Santos, Andrea Shalal-Esa, Donna M. Smith, Glenn F. Somerville, David 
Storey, Andy Sullivan, Peter A. Szekely, William C. Trott, Ori Twersky, 
James Vicini, Julie Vorman, Nancy H. Waitz, John L. Whitesides, David A. 
Wiessler, Mark Wilkinson, Anna Willard, Christopher Wilson, James H. Wolf, 
Jonathan A. Wright, Deborah Zabarenko, Tabassum Zakaria, Mohammad Zargham.

RHEINISCHE POST--(301) 641-3463; 10201 Windsor View Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Thomas Spang.

RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH--(202) 662-7669; 1214 National Press Building, 
20045: Peter Hardin.

ROLL CALL REPORT SYNDICATE--(202) 737-1888; 1297 National Press Building, 
20045: Cora R. Hoopes, Richard G. Thomas.

RZECZPOSPOLITA--(202) 841-5067; 3938 Chesterwood Drive, Silver Spring, MD 
20906: Krzysztof Darewicz.

SNG NEWSPAPERS--(202) 662-7241; 1183 National Press Building, 20045: Edward 
R. Felker, Angela Greiling.

SABAH--(703) 764-1443; 5432 Midship Court, Burke, VA 22015: Savas Suzal.

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS--(202) 943-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 
20006: Gary R. Martin.

SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 737-7100; 1085 National Press Building, 
20045: Zachary Coile, Edward Epstein, Julia R. House, Carolyn Lochhead, 
Christopher J. Matthews, Marc Sandalow.

SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS--(202) 383-6020; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Heather Phillips, James M. Puzzanghera.

SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2517; 330 National Press Building, 20045: 
Tatsushi Doi, Yoshihisa Komori, Toru Maeda, Ryoichi Nishida, B. Scott 
Stewart.

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 861-0324; 1155 15th Street, Suite 1111, 20005: 
Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa A. Bashir, Dean Dessouky, Azeddine Labriny, 
Timothy McDonald, Nezar Sheikh, John Siciliano, Erin Zaro.

SCHLEIN NEWS BUREAU--(202) 544-5893; 308 East Capitol Street, Apt. 9, 
20003: Alan M. Schlein.

SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(703) 760-9125; 1827 Barbee Street, McLean, 
VA 22101: Chenguang Bian, Mengjun Zhang.

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 408-1484; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
1000, 20005: Ryan Alessi, Curtis Lee Bowman, James W. Brosnan, Michael 
Collins, Peter M. Copeland, Tara Copp, Mary Deibel, Joseph R. Donatelli, 
Robert Friedman, Lance C. Gay, Laurel E. Hackett, Thomas K. Hargrove, Lisa 
Hoffman, David A. Johnson, John H. Lindsay, Joan A. Lowy, Dale B. 
McFeatters, Tom Mentzer, Wanita L. Niehaus, David Nielsen, Richard 
Powelson, Pamela Reeves, Martin Schram, Jennifer Sergent, Michael E. 
Sprengelmeyer, Bill Straub, Rita M. Sutherland, Dan K. Thomasson, Alan R. 
Thompson, Karen Timmons, Mark A. Tomasik, Jessica Wehrman, Martha W. 
Wilson, Stacey Zolt.

SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER--(202) 943-9229; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 
20006: Charles Pope.

SEATTLE TIMES--(202) 662-7455; 1155 National Press Building, 20045: John 
Hendren.

SEGYE TIMES--(202) 637-0587; 909 National Press Building, 20045: Kiyon Kuk.

SEKAI NIPPO--(703) 255-4745; 2534 Chain Bridge Road, #204, Vienna, VA 
22181: Tadashi Harada.

SEOUL SHINMUN--(202) 393-4061; 1267 National Press Building, 20045: Moonil 
Baek, Chul Ho Choi.

SHEARER AND GLEN NEWS ENTERPRISE--(202) 462-6070; 2708 Cathedral Avenue, 
20008: Lael Cox, S. Scott Roehm, Cody P. Shearer.

SING TAO DAILY--(301) 315-0022; 13635 Hayworth Drive, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Larry L. Lee.

SINGAPORE STRAITS TIMES--(202) 662-8726; 916 National Press Building, 
20045: Siew H. Lee.

[[Page 965]]

SOLOTHURNER ZEITUNG--(202) 646-1870; 103 G Street, SW., Suite B-203, 20024: 
Richard Anderegg.

SOUTH FLORIDA SUN-SENTINEL--(202) 824-8256; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 
20005: William E. Gibson, Rafael Lorente.

SOUTHAM NEWS OF CANADA--(202) 662-7225; 1206 National Press Building, 
20045: Hilary Mackenzie.

SOUTHWEST NEWS SERVICE--(301) 657-8545; 5101 River Road, #1712, Bethesda, 
MD 20816: Margo M. MacFarland.

SPRINGER FOREIGN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 342-3103; 4830 Brandywine Street, 
20016: Cornel Faltin, Frauke Faltin, Juergen Schoenstein.

ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH--(202) 298-6880; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #550, 
20006: Karen Branch-Brioso, Philip M. Dine, Aloysia C. Hamalainen, William 
Lambrecht, Jon M. Sawyer, Deirdre Shesgreen.

ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS--(202) 383-6049; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Thomas J. Webb.

ST. PETERSBURG TIMES--(202) 463-0575; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, #1300, 
20037: William R. Adair, John Balz, Sara Fritz, Jesus de la Garza, Mary 
Jacoby.

STATES NEWS SERVICE--(202) 628-3100; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #524, 20004: 
Tania Anderson, Gabriella Boston, Jim Geraghty, Craig Linder, Hans S. 
Nichols, David C. Phinney, Leland Schwartz, Megan Scully, Chris Shott, 
Hampton Stephens, Myron Struck.

STUTTGARTER ZEITUNG--(301) 983-0735; 11204 Powder Horn Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Juergen Koar.

SUARA MERDEKA--(301) 946-9553; 2700 Hardy Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20902: 
Djono Sujono.

SUARA PEMBARUAN--(703) 534-6014; 1908 Armand Court, Falls Church, VA 22043: 
Christianto Wibisono.

SUDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(202) 965-5253; 1600 32nd Street, 20007: Marc A. 
Hujer.

SUDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(301) 263-0499; 6209 Redwing Court, Bethesda, MD 
20817: Wolfgang Koydl.

SVENSKA DAGBLADET--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 20008: 
Karin Henriksson.

SYDNEY MORNING HERALD--(202) 737-6359; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20004: Gay M. Alcorn, Anna Lisa Schmidt.

SYRACUSE POST-STANDARD--(202) 383-7818; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300 
20036: Mark Libbon.

TAGES ANZEIGER--(202) 833-8797; 2030 M Street, Suite 500, 20036: Ignaz 
Staub.

TAIWAN LIBERTY TIMES--(202) 879-6765; 1294 National Press Building, 20045: 
Nadia Tsao.

TAZ-DIE TAGESZEITUNG--(301) 564-2940; 5614 Johnson Avenue, Bethesda, MD 
20817: Peter Tautfest.

TECH LAW JOURNAL--(202) 346-8882; P.O. Box 15186, 20003: David Carney.

TIMES OF INDIA--(202) 463-1301; 1301 20th Street, #314, 20036: Ramesh 
Chandran, Chidanand Rajghatta.

TOKYO-CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1012 National Press Building, 
20045: Jennifer A. Gerdts, Tatsuki Kanai, Michiyo Kanno, Hironori Kiki, 
Mark S. McHugh, Mamoru Onoki.

TORONTO GLOBE AND MAIL--(202) 662-7176; 1240 National Press Building, 
20045: Paul Koring.

TORONTO STAR--(202) 662-7390; 982 National Press Building, 20045: Kathleen 
Kenna.

TRIBUNE DE GENEVE--(240) 497-0991; 4615 North Park Avenue, #113, Bethesda, 
MD 20815: Anne-Muriel Brouet.

TUFTY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 347-8998; 3812 Livingston Street, 20015: Gary 
Frink, Donald Parker, Harold G. Tufty.

TULSA WORLD--(202) 484-1424; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

TURKIYE DAILY--(202) 737-7800; 495 National Press Building, 20045: Hasan M. 
Hazar.

US-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE--(703) 525-5164; 3443 North Randolph Street, 
Arlington, VA 22207: Donald H. Choi, Julie Moon.

USA TODAY--(703) 276-3400; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22229: Fred 
Anklam, Jr., Julie Appleby, Andrew Backover, Richard Benedetto, Joan 
Biskupic, Nancy Blair, Sandra Block, Tsung-Chih Chang, Chris Collins, 
Robert M. Davis, William Dermody, Michael P. Dodd, Graham S. Dower, Jim 
Drinkard, Peter R. Eisler, Haya El Nasser, Earle Eldridge, Mindy Fetterman, 
David Field, Gwen Flanders, Thomas A. Fogarty, Ed Foster-Simeon, George D. 
Hager, Margaret W. Hall, Jesse Halladay, Tamara M. Henry, Robert S. 
Hillkirk, Lee Horwich, Sid Hurlburt, Rosalind Jackler, Christopher T. 
Jenkins, Kevin Johnson, Brent W. Jones, Del Jones, Lori A. Joseph, Judith 
C. Keen, Jack Kelley, Salina Khan, Kathy Kiely, Jill D. Lawrence, Paul W. 
Leavitt, Jessica Lee, Donna Leinwand, Alan Levin, Toni Locy, Mary Beth 
Marklein, Elizabeth McKinley, Laurence McQuillan, Mark J. Memmott, John W. 
Merline, Dave Moniz, Blake Morrison, Sara Nathan, Bill Nichols, Jayne 
O'Donnell, Thomas O'Toole, Paul Overberg, Susan L. Page, Douglas L. Pardue, 
Laura Parker, Carolyn Pesce, Edward T. Pound, Maria Puente, William Risser, 
Rita L. Rubin, Walter Shapiro, Barbara Slavin, Mike Snider, Tom Squitieri, 
Steve Sternberg, William Sternberg, Jeffrey Stinson, Andrea Stone, Dina 
Temple-Raston, Karen M. Thomas, Saundra Torry, Owen Ullmann, Tom Vanden 
Brook, John M. Waggoner, Traci Watson, Jonathan Weisman, James E. Welch, 
William M. Welch, Richard Whitmire, Richard T. Willing, Richard J. Wolf.

UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building 20045: 
James C. Wang.

UNITED MEDIA--(301) 262-6699; 12808 Sutters Lane, Bowie, MD 20720: Lew 
Sichelman.

UNITED NEWS OF INDIA--(703) 698-0768; 8102 Harte Place, #201, Vienna, VA 
22180: G. Chandrasekar.

[[Page 966]]

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8000; 1510 H Street, 20005: Tobin C. 
Beck, Mark Benjamin, Joseph P. Boris, Scott Burnell, Krishnader Calamur, 
James B. Chapin, Laura E. Chatfield, Dee Ann Divis, Roland Flamini, Kathy 
A. Gambrell, Kelly W. Hearn, John H. Hendel, Pamela R. Hess, Joel 
Himelfarb, Nicholas M. Horrock, Martin Hutchinson, Mark Kukis, Carolyn 
Aylon Lee, Timothy K. Maloy, Elizabeth Manning, Louis Marano, Harold 
Martin, Michael Martin, Wamara Mwine, John O'Sullivan, Daniel J. Olmsted, 
Mitchell M. Prothero, Peter D. Roff, Michael Rust, Claude Salhani, Kurt 
Samson, Willem D. Scheltema, Martin J. Sieff, Uwe Siemon-Netto, Paul 
Singer, Richard J. Tomkins, Martin Walker, Shaun Waterman.

UNITED STATES PRESS--(403) 654-1872; 5301 Westbard Circle, #247, Bethesda, 
MD 20816: Frank van der Linden.

VARIETY--(202) 463-3705; 1627 K Street, 10th Floor, 20006: Pamela 
McClintock.

VIRGINIAN-PILOT--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
20036: Christopher B. Adams, Ted Bridis, Jackie Calmes, Mary L. Carnevale, 
Jill Carroll, Kathy Chen, David Cloud, Christopher B. Conkey, Helene C. 
Cooper, Elizabeth Crowley, Jeanne Cummings, Robert Davis, Yochi J. Dreazen, 
John J. Fialka, Gary Fields, Paul Gigot, Robert Greenberger, Bryan Gruley, 
Thomas K. Hamburger, John J. Harwood, Greg A. Hitt, Albert R. Hunt, Bruce 
Ingersoll, Gregory Ip, Greg Jaffe, Neil King, Jr., June Kronholz, Nicholas 
Kulish, Philip A. Kuntz, Sarah Leuck, Roderick L. McDonald, Laurie 
McGinley, John D. McKinnon, Alan S. Murray, Shailagh Murray, Mitchell 
Patterson, Michael M. Phillips, Stephen Power, Carla A. Robbins, David E. 
Rogers, Kenneth M. Scheibel, Jacob M. Schlesinger, Sharon L. Schmid, 
Richard B. Schmitt, Michael Schroeder, Gerald F. Seib, Ronald G. Shafer, 
Glenn R. Simpson, James Vande-Hei, David Wessel, Clayton J. Wiggins, John 
R. Wilke, Winston S. Wood, Bernard Wysocki, Jr.

WASHINGTON BUREAU NEWS--(202) 293-3003; 1325 18th Street, 20036: Matthew 
Davis.

WASHINGTON FAX--(202) 537-3551; 6210 Broad Branch Road, 20015: Keith L. 
Alexander.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7410; 1150 15th Street, 20071: Robert L. Asher, 
Charles R. Babcock, Charles Babington, Daniel J. Balz, Gary S. Barr, Peter 
Behr, John M. Berry, Paul Blustein, Kenneth H. Bredemeier, David S. Broder, 
Ariana Cha, D'Vera Cohn, Ceci Connolly, Albert B. Crenshaw, Kathleen Day, 
Karen DeYoung, Helen Dewar, Jackson Diehl, Kirstin Downey, Thomas B. 
Edsall, Daniel Eggen, Juliet Eilperin, Dina El Boghdady, David Finkel, Mary 
Pat Flaherty, Michael Fletcher, Ann E. Gerhart, Amy Goldstein, James V. 
Grimaldi, Lloyd B. Grove, Guy Gugliotta, Maryann Haggerty, Martha A. 
Hamilton, Jeff Himmelman, Spencer S. Hsu, Carrie Johnson, Robert G. Kaiser, 
Glenn Kessler, Alec Klein, Brian Krebs, Jonathan Krim, John K. Lancaster, 
George Lardner, Lyndsey Layton, Madonna A. Lebling, Richard N. Leiby, 
Barbara Martinez, Caroline F. Mayer, Mary McGrory, Kevin E. Merida, Dana 
Milbank, Lori Ann Montgomery, Dan Morgan, Steven Mufson, Ellen Nakashima, 
Yuki Noguchi, David B. Ottaway, Don Phillips, Eric S. Pianan, Walter 
Pincus, Michael H. Powell, Tom Ricks, Ken Ringle, Roxanne Roberts, Megan 
Rosenfeld, Marcela Sanchez-Bender, Sarah Schafer, Greg Schneider, Alan I. 
Siprass, Cindy Skrzycki, Joe Stephens, Christopher S. Stern, Sandra 
Sugawara, Frank Swoboda, Cheryl Thompson, Jacqueline Trescott, Matthew 
Vita, Edward J. Walsh, Neil N. Walton, Joby Warrick, Rick Weiss, Bob 
Woodward, Eric Yoder.

WASHINGTON POST-NEWSBYTES--(703) 548-1676; 418 Bashford Lane, #102, 
Alexandria, VA 22314: Robert MacMillan, David McGuire.

WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS--(703) 461-7183; 1006 Harrison Circle, 
Alexandria, VA 22304: Gordon E. White.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue NE., 20002: George 
Archibald, Chris Baker, Dave Boyer, Allen Bradford, Lynton M. Bragg, Andrew 
I. Cain, Thomas H. Carter, Francis B. Coombs, Jr., Joseph Curl, David M. 
Dickson, Stephen Dinan, Carter S. Dougherty, John Drake, Daniel F. 
Drummond, Julia Duin, Garrett R. Ebling, Ann Geracimos, William D. Gertz, 
William Glanz, John Godfrey, August Gribbin, Ralph Z. Hallow, Kenneth 
Hanner, Jennifer Harper, Patrice S. Hill, Audrey Hudson, Andrea Kneeland, 
Nicholas Kralev, Jeffrey T. Kuhner, Donald Lambro, John L. McCaslin, Sarsh 
J. Means, Steve Miller, Gerald Mizejewski, James E. Morrison, Victor J. 
Morton, Frank J. Murray, Gregory T. Pierce, Wesley Pruden, Thomas P. 
Ramstack, Charles Rousseaux, David Sands, Rowan Scarborough, Sean P. 
Scully, Jerry Seper, Deborah Simmons, M. Maria Stainer, Kristina G. 
Stefanova, Erica Tuttle, Cheryl Wetzstein, Karen Willenbrecht, Willis 
Witter.

WASHINGTONPOST.COM--(703) 469-3091; 1515 N. Courthouse Road, Arlington, VA 
22201; Rocci J. Fisch, Jr., Suzette McLoone, Elizabeth O'Leary, Mike 
Snyder, Marc R. Heller.

WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES--(202) 662-7085; 1001 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jeffrey B. Levine.

WebMD--(202) 662-7353; 1125 National Press Building, 20045: Sean Martin, 
Steve Mitchell, Rodney Storey.

WEN HUI BAO DAILY--(703) 521-2371; 1600 South Eads Street, #1134-N, 
Arlington VA 22202: Ci Guihang.

WESTDEUTSCHE ALLGEMEINE--(202) 363-7791; 4611 47th Street, 20016: Markus 
Gunther.

WICHITA EAGLE--(202) 383-6055; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Lori 
Lessner.

WILLIAM SCALLY REPORTS--(202) 362-2382; 2918 Legation Street, 20015: 
William F. Scally.

[[Page 967]]

WINSTON-SALEM JOURNAL--(202) 662-7672; 1214 National Press Building, 20045: 
Kevin P. Begos, Jr.

WORLD JOURNAL--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building, 20045: Betty 
Lin, Yan Feng.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0082; 1740 North 14th Street, Arlington, VA 
22209: Liu Jiang, Wang Jiansheng, Tang Shuifu, Tan Weibing, Weinong Wu, Hu 
Xiaoming.

YEDIOTH AHRONOTH--(301) 610-9357; 6 Kettle Pond Court, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Orly A. Katz.

YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-0186; 802 National Press Building, 20045: 
Masashi Amano, Susan Buzzelli, Michio Hayashi, Toshio Mizushima, Kazuo 
Nagata, Hiroko Nakamura, Takashi Sakamoto, Gaku Shibata, Makiko 
Tatebayashi, Tsutomu Yamaguchi, Linda Yun, Kasper Zeuthen.

YONHAP NEWS AGENCY--(202) 783-5539; 1229 National Press Building, 20045: 
Sungsoo Kim, Ki-Sop Shin, Dosun Yi.




