

Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), June 1999. - 


Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), June 1999.
[Pages 951-979]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


[[Page 951]]

                            PRESS GALLERIES*

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--Robert E. Petersen, Jr.
  Deputy Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
        Media Coordinators:
Merri I. Baker
James D. Saris
Wendy A. Oscarson
Laura E. Lytle

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

            The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945, 225-6722

  Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
        Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
          Assistant Superintendents:
Emily A. Taylor
Cris S. McAllister
Charles S. Fuqua
Diane M. Davidson

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Tabassum Zakaria, Reuters, 
                                                Chairwoman
                                            Craig Gilbert, Milwaukee 
                                                Journal Sentinel, 
                                                Secretary
                                            John M. Diamond, The 
                                                Associated Press
                                            Elizabeth Palmer, 
                                                Congressional Quarterly
                                            Kathy Kiely, USA Today
                               __________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule 34 of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bona fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall admit to the galleries no person who does not establish to the 
satisfaction of the Standing Committee all of the following:
    (a) That his or her principal income is obtained from news 
correspondence intended for publication in newspapers entitled to 
second-class mailing privileges.

[[Page 952]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the galleries.
    (c) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the galleries.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no change 
or changes in these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not 
less than 100 accredited members of the galleries.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                            Mitch McConnell,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 953]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abbott, Charles J.: Reuters

Abrahms, Doug: Bridge News

Abramowitz, Michael: Washington Post

Abrams, James R.: Associated Press

Abramson, Jill: New York Times

Abse, Nathan: Washington Post

Abu-Nasr, Donna: Associated Press

Achenbach, Joel: Washington Post

Adair, William R.: St. Petersburg Times

Adams, Lorraine: Washington Post

Adams, Rebecca: CQ Daily Monitor

Adcock, Beryl L.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Agres, Theodore J.: Washington Times

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Albright-Hanna, Kate: Yomiuri Shimbun

Aldinger, Charles: Reuters

Alexander, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Alexander, Annie: Bridge News

Alfroy, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Allen, Henry: Washington Post

Allen, Victoria L.: Reuters

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Los Angeles Times

Alpert, Bruce S.: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Alvarez, Indalecio: Agence France-Presse

Alvarez, Lizette: New York Times

Alzaid, Faisal: Kuwait News Agency

Ambrose, Jay: Scripps Howard News Service

Anason, Dean C.: American Banker

Anderson, Curt L.: Associated Press

Anderson, David E.: Newhouse News Service

Anderson, James P.: German Press Agency - DPA

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones News Services

Anderson, Nick: Los Angeles Times

Anderson, Paul L.: Congressional Quarterly

Anderson, Roger D.: Scripps Howard News Service

Ando, Kiyoshi: Nikkei

Andrejczak, Matt: American Banker

Andrews, Caesar: Gannett News Service

Angle, Martha: CQ Daily Monitor

Anklam, Jr., Fred: USA Today

Anthan, George P.: Des Moines Register

Aoki, Masaaki: Kyodo News Service

Archer, Kim: Dow Jones News Services

Archibald, George H.: Washington Times

Armijo, Patrick: Albuquerque Journal

Arnett, Elsa C.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Arnold, John J.: Associated Press

Arnold, Laurence: Associated Press

Arora, C.K.: United News of India

Arthur, William: Bloomberg News

Asch, Kim: Washington Times

Asher, Julie L.: Catholic News Service

Asher, Robert L.: Washington Post

Aslam, Abid H.: Inter Press Service

Aslan, Ali: Zaman

Asseo, Laurie: Associated Press

Atallah, Ayda: London Financial Times

Atkinson, David: Defense Daily

Atkinson, Lawrence R.: Washington Post

Atlas, Terry: Chicago Tribune

Aukofer, Frank A.: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Aulston, Von: New York Times

Austin, Janet: Congressional Quarterly

Aversa, Jeannine: Associated Press

Azoulay-Katz, Orly: Yedioth-Ahronoth

Azpiazu, Maria L.: EFE News Service

Babcock, Charles R.: Washington Post

Babic, Marco S.: Market News Service

Babington, Charles: Washington Post

Bacon, John: USA Today

Baer, Susan: Baltimore Sun

Baker, Donald P.: Washington Post

Baker, Gerard: London Financial Times

Baker, Peter: Washington Post

Baldor, Lolita: New Haven Register

Balman, Jr., Sid: United Press International

Balog, Kathleen: Bridge News

Balz, Daniel J.: Washington Post

Banales, Jorge: EFE News Service

Banks, Adelle M.: Newhouse News Service

Barancik, Scott: American Banker

Barber, Ben: Washington Times

Barfield, Deborah: Newsday

Barkdoll, Clinton: Federal Filings Business News

Barker, Jeffrey N.: Arizona Republic

Barnes, Esmeralda: Education Daily

Barnett, James C.: Oregonian

Barr, Gary S.: Washington Post

Barrett, Greg: Gannett News Service

Barrett, Terrence A.: Bloomberg News

Barrett-Stokes, Jeanette: Gannett News Service

Barron, Walter J.: CQ Daily Monitor

Bart, Aaron: Yomiuri Shimbun

Bartash, Jeffry: CBS MarketWatch

Barton, Paul C.: Gannett News Service

Bashir, Mustafa A.: Saudi Press Agency

Batcho, Stefanie: Agence France-Presse

Bater, Jeffrey P.: Dow Jones News Services

Batt, Tony: Donrey Media Group

Battaile, Janet: New York Times

[[Page 954]]

Baum, Geraldine: Los Angeles Times

Bayer, Amy: Copley News Service

Bazinet, Kenneth R.: New York Daily News

Beadle, Andrew: CQ Daily Monitor

Beck, Tobin C.: United Press International

Becker, Elizabeth: New York Times

Beckner, Steven K.: Market News Service

Beeder, David C.: Omaha World-Herald

Behn, Sharon: Agence France-Presse

Behr, Peter: Washington Post

Benac, Nancy: Associated Press

Bendavid, Naftali: Chicago Tribune

Bender, Penny: Gannett News Service

Benedetto, Richard: USA Today

Benenson, Robert A.: Congressional Quarterly

Benincasa, Robert: Gannett News Service

Benjamin, Matthew K.: Investor's Business Daily

Benkelman, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Bennet, James: New York Times

Bennett, Ken: Gannett News Service

Benson, Miles R.: Newhouse News Service

Berg, Joel: AIR Daily

Berke, Jonathan: Federal Filings Business News

Berke, Richard L.: New York Times

Berlau, John: Investor's Business Daily

Berry, John M.: Washington Post

Biannic, Georges: Agence France-Presse

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Binder, David: New York Times

Biskupic, Joan: Washington Post

Bivins, Larry: Gannett News Service

Blair, Nancy L.: Gannett News Service

Bland, Melissa R.: Reuters

Blomquist, Brian: New York Post

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Blustein, Paul: Washington Post

Boadle, Anthony: Reuters

Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro: Wall Street Journal

Bohan, Caren: Reuters

Boian, Christopher: Agence France-Presse

Bold, Michael: McClatchey Newspapers

Bole, James: Gannett News Service

Boliek, Brooks: Hollywood Reporter

Bonazzi, Francesco L.: ANSA Italian News Agency

Bonner, Raymond: New York Times

Borchersen-Keto, Sarah: AFX News

Borden, Lark: Gannett News Service

Borenstein, Seth B.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Borger, Julian: London Guardian

Borkowski, Monica C.: New York Times

Bourge, Christian: American Metal Market

Bourke, Dale H.: Newhouse News Service

Boustany, Nora: Washington Post

Bovard, James: Bovard News Service

Bovee, Timothy K.: Associated Press

Bowles, Julie M.: Washington Post

Bowles, Scott: USA Today

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Bowman, Tom: Baltimore Sun

Boyd, Robert J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Boyle, Mary: Colorado Springs Gazette

Braibant, Marc: Agence France-Presse

Brainard, Jeffrey H.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Brainerd, Kristin: Congressional Quarterly

Branigin, William: Washington Post

Brasher, Philip: Associated Press

Braun, Stephen: Los Angeles Times

Brazaitis, Thomas J.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Brewer, Norm: Gannett News Service

Bridis, Ted: Associated Press

Brinkley, Joel: New York Times

Briscoe, David: Associated Press

Briscoe, Leonor A.: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Briscoe, Narra N.: Jiji Press

Bristol, Nellie O.: Health News Daily

Broder, David S.: Washington Post

Broder, John M.: New York Times

Brodsky, Arthur R.: Communications Daily

Brodzinsky, Sybilla: Agence France-Presse

Brogan, Pamela A.: Gannett News Service

Brooking, Ann: USA Today

Brooks, David: La Jornada

Brooks, Jennifer: United Press International

Brosnan, James W.: Scripps Howard News Service

Brown, Caroline E.: CQ Daily Monitor

Brown, David M.: Washington Post

Brown, Rene E.: Hartford Courant

Brown, Robin: States News Service

Brownstein, Ronald: Los Angeles Time

Brueggemann, Gerd: Die Welt

Brumas, R. Michael: Newhouse News Service

Bruneau, Leon: Agence France-Presse

Bruni, Frank A.: New York Times

Bunis, Dena: Orange County Register

Bunting, Glenn F.: Los Angeles Times

Burd, Stephen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Burdzy, Pawel: Polish Daily

Burger, Timothy J.: New York Daily News

Burkins, Glenn: Wall Street Journal

Burn, Timothy: Washington Times

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones News Services

Burns, Robert: Associated Press

Burns, Susan: Cox Newspapers

Burrell, Cassandra R.: Associated Press

Buskirk, Howard: Energy Daily

Butters, Patrick T.: Washington Times

Buzbee, Sally S.: Associated Press

Byrne, Karen L.: United Press International

Cahir, William J.: Education Daily

Cain, Andrew I.: Washington Times

Callahan, Dave: USA Today

Calmes, Jackie: Wall Street Journal

Camia, Catalina: Dallas Morning News

Camire, Dennis: Gannett News Service

[[Page 955]]

Campbell, Matthew T.: London Sunday Times

Campbell, Stephen W.: Portland Press Herald

Campbell, Paulette W.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Canahuate, Alfred T.: Saudi Press Agency

Cannistraro, Marc D.: Congressional Information Bureau

Cantor, Neil: Federal Filings Business News

Capaccio, Anthony W.: Bloomberg News

Carelli, Richard: Associated Press

Caretto, Ennio: Corriere Della Sera

Carey, Mary Agnes: Congressional Quarterly

Carlson, Peter: Washington Post

Carnahan, Ira: Investor's Business Daily

Carnevale, Mary L.: Wall Street Journal

Carney, Dan: Congressional Quarterly

Carr, Rebecca: Atlanta Journal Constitution

Carreno, Jose: El Universal

Carroll, James R.: Louisville Courier-Journal

Carroll, Joe: Irish Times

Carroll, Kathleen: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Carter, Janelle: Associated Press

Carter, Thomas H.: Washington Times

Caruso, Lisa: CongressDaily

Casey, Constance: Newhouse News Service

Cason, James: La Jornada

Cass, Connie: Associated Press

Casteel, Chris: Daily Oklahoman

Cauchon, Dennis: USA Today

Causey, Mike: Washington Post

Cazalas, Robert: Congressional Information Bureau

Chaddock, Gail R.: Christian Science Monitor

Chambliss, E. Lauren: London Evening Standard

Chandran, Ramesh: Times of India

Chandrasekaran, Rajiv: Washington Post

Chang, Suo-pung: Central Daily News

Chao, Stacey: Taiwan Daily

Chapman, Michael: Investor's Business Daily

Chatterjee, Sumana: CQ Daily Monitor

Chen, Edwin: Los Angeles Times

Chen, Jay: Central News Agency

Chen, Kathy: Wall Street Journal

Chenglin, Xiao: Xinhua News Agency

Chiba, Kanako: Nikkei

Chin, Chul-Soo: Munhwa Ilbo

Cho, Yong-Boum: Korea Times

Choi, Chul Ho: Seoul Daily News

Choi, Donald H.: US - Asian News Service

Choi, Julia M.: U.S.-Asian News Service

Christensen, Jean: Associated Press

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christian, Rodney: Bridge News

Christie, Ricky A.: Cox Newspapers

Chung, Nelson: Central News Agency

Church, Emily: CQ Daily Monitor

Chwallek, Gabriele: German Press Agency - DPA

Cienski, Jan: Toronto National Post

Cimons, Marlene: Los Angeles Times

Cindemir, Mehuet K.: Anatolia News Agency

Claiborne, William: Washington Post

Clark, Andrew G.: Reuters

Clark, Drew: National Journals Technology Daily

Clark, L. Kareema: Bridge News

Clark, Steve: Los Angeles Times

Clausing, Jeri: New York Times CyberTimes

Clavel, Guy: Agence France-Presse

Cleary, Mike: Washington Times

Clines, Francis X.: New York Times

Cloud, David: Wall Street Journal

Clymer, Adam: New York Times

Cocco, Marie: Newsday

Cohen, Daniel P.: Federal Filings Business News

Cohen, Robert: Newhouse News Service

Cohen, Ronald E.: Gannett News Service

Cohn, D'Vera: Washington Post

Cohn, Laura: Bloomberg News

Coker, Margaret: CBS MarketWatch

Colaianni, Deborah M.: Gannett News Service

Cole, Kenneth: Detroit News

Coleman, Michele: Restructuring Today

Collie, Kristin: Hearst Newspapers

Collins, Christina W.: Gannett News Service

Collymore, Yvette J.: Inter Press Service

Colton, Michael: Washington Post

Compart, Andrew: Travel Management Daily

Condon, Jr., George E.: Copley News Service

Conlon, Charles E.: Congressional Quarterly

Connole, Patrick: Reuters

Connolly, Ceci: Washington Post

Connor, John: Dow Jones News Services

Cook, Gretchen: Agence France-Presse

Coombs, Jr., Francis B.: Washington Times

Coon, William: USA Today

Cooper, Helene C.: Wall Street Journal

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Copeland, Peter M.: Scripps Howard News Service

Cordner, Christine: Bridge News

Costich, Louise R.: Taipei Commercial Times

Cottman, Michael H.: Washington Post

Cowan, Richard: Bridge News

Cranford, John R.: Bloomberg News

Cranston, Erica: CongressDaily

Crenshaw, Albert B.: Washington Post

Crites, Alice: Washington Post

Crowley, Elizabeth: Wall Street Journal

Crutsinger, Martin S.: Associated Press

Cummings, Jeanne: Wall Street Journal

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Curta, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Curtis, Meredith E.: CongressDaily

Cushman, Jr., John H.: New York Times

D'Angelo, Rose E.: Wall Street Journal

Dalglish, Arthur R.: Cox Newspapers

Daly, Corbett B.: Kyodo News

Daly, Louise: Agence France-Presse

[[Page 956]]

Daniels, Roanne B.: Reuters

Dao, James: New York Times

Dart, Robert E.: Cox Newspapers

Davidson, Lee: Deseret News

Davies, Frank: Miami Herald

Davies, Hugh: London Daily Telegraph

Davis, Brett: Newhouse News Service

Davis, Joyce M.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Davis, Matthew: Washington Fax

Davis, Michelle R.: Columbia State

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Day, John S.: Bangor Daily News

Day, Kathleen: Washington Post

De Beer, Patrice: Le Monde

De Carlo, Cesare: La Nazione

De Toledano, Ralph: National News-Research Syndicate

DeMarco, Edward: Bloomberg Business News

DeParle, Jason: New York Times

DeVore, Diane L.: United Press International

Deane, Daniela: USA Today

Deans, Jr., Robert E.: Cox Newspapers

Debeusscher, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Deibel, Mary: Scripps Howard News Service

Dejevsky, Mary: London Independent

Del Giudice, Vincent A.: Bloomberg News

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Delgado, Jose: EFE News Services

della Porta, Agostino: German Press Agency - DPA

Dennis, Patti J.: Federal Filings Business News

Denniston, Lyle W.: Baltimore Sun

Depledge, Derrick K.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Derby, Michael S.: Futures World News

Dessouky, Dean: Saudi Press Agency

Dewar, Helen: Washington Post

di Robilant, Andrea: La Stampa

Diamond, John M.: Associated Press

Diemer, Thomas K.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

Dine, Philip M.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Dobbin, Muriel: McClatchy Newspapers

Dobbs, Michael: Washington Post

Dobbyn, Timothy H.: Reuters

Dobkin, Robert A.: Bloomberg News

Dodge, Robert: Dallas Morning News

Doggett, Tom: Reuters

Doherty, Carroll: Congressional Quarterly

Doi, Tatsushi: Sankei Shimbun

Donatelli, Joseph R.: Scripps Howard News Service

Donnelly, John M.: Knight Ridder Newspapers

Dooren, Jennifer C.: Hearst Newspapers

Dorf, Matthew: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Dorsey, Christine M.: Donrey Media Group

Doughtery, Suzanne: CQ Daily Monitor

Douglas, William G.: Newsday

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Downey, Kristin E.: Washington Post

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Drinkard, Jim: USA Today

Drogin, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Duhanov, Serge P.: Interfax News Agency

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Duncan, Michael: Futures World News

Duncan, Philip D.: Congressional Quarterly

Dunne, Nancy: London Financial Times

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Dusseau, Brigitte: Agence France-Presse

Dyson, Jessica J.: Bridge News

Eagen, Kathleen M.: Asahi Shimbun

Eastham, Todd R.: Bloomberg News

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Eckert, Toby: Copley News Service

Eckstein, Ronald F.: States News Service

Edsall, Thomas B.: Washington Post

Egger, W. Gerald: Bloomberg News

Eijsvoogel, Juurd: NRC Handelsblad

Eilperin, Juliet: Washington Post

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

El-Ghamry, Atef: Al Ahram International

Elboghdady, Dina: Detroit News

Elsasser, Glen R.: Chicago Tribune

Elsner, Alan: Reuters

Elston, Thuan: USA Today

Elving, Ronald D.: USA Today

Emory, Alan S.: Watertown Daily Times

Enda, Jodi A.: Knight Ridder Newspapers

Eng, Dinah: Gannett News Service

Engelmann, Knut: Reuters

Entous, Adam B.: Reuters

Epstein, Aaron B.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Ervamaa, Tomi: Helsingin Sanomat

Espo, David M.: Associated Press

Esquivel, Jesus P.: Notimex - Mexican News Agency

Estevez, Dolia: El Financiero

Etzel, Barbara: Futures World News

Evans, Edward: Reuters

Evans, Judith: Washington Post

Eversley, Melanie E.: Detroit Free Press

Fabiani, Christiana: Agence France-Presse

Fagan, Amy: CQ Daily Monitor

Faltin, Cornel: Springer Foreign News Service

Faltin, Frauke: Springer Foreign News Service

FamigLietti, Leonard G.: Bridge News

Fan, Songjiu: Xinhua News Agency

Farhi, Paul: Washington Post

Farrell, John A.: Boston Globe

Feeney, Susan: Dallas Morning News

Fehr, Stephen: Washington Post

Feinsilber, Mike: Associated Press

Feld, Karen: Capital Connections

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Felker, Edward R.: Small Newspaper Group

Ferguson, Alexander: Reuters

[[Page 957]]

Ferguson, Barbara: Arab News

Ferguson, Brett A.: Futures World News

Ferguson, Ellyn: Gannett News Service

Fernandez, Carmen A.: EFE News Service

Ferraro, Thomas M.: Reuters

Ferrechio, Susan: Washington Times

Ferris, Craig T.: Bond Buyer

Fetterman, Mindy: USA Today

Fialka, John J.: Wall Street Journal

Fidler, Stephen: London Financial Times

Fields, Gary E.: USA Today

Fields, Suzanne: Washington Times

Fields-White, Monee: Bloomberg News

Figueros, Jose C.: El Universal

Files III, John: New York Times

Filteau, Jerome F.: Catholic News Service

Fine, Lisa: States News Service

Finkel, David: Washington Post

Fiore, Faye: Los Angeles Times

Fireman, Kenneth: Newsday

Fisher, Marc: Washington Post

Fitzpatrick, Colleen: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Fix, Janet L.: Detroit Free Press

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flanigan, James C.: Kuwait News Agency

Flatin, Paul E.: Kyodo News Service

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

Fleming, Andrew: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

Fleming, Heather: Bloomberg News

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Foerstel, Karen: Congressional Quarterly

Folkenflik, David: Baltimore Sun

Foote, Sheila: Defense Daily

Ford, Patricia A.: Los Angeles Times

Forrest, Bonnie L.: Congressional Quarterly

Foskett, Ken: Atlanta Journal and Constitution

Fournier, Ronald: Associated Press

Fox, Jonathan: Education Daily

Fox, Maggie: Reuters

Fraley, Colette: Congressional Quarterly

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frandsen, Jon: Gannett News Service

Frank, Jackie: CQ Daily Monitor

Fraze, Barbara J.: Catholic News Service

Frederick, Don: Los Angeles Times

Freedberg, Louis: San Francisco Chronicle

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freyman, Russell A.: CQ Daily Monitor

Friedman, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Friedman, Thomas L.: New York Times

Friesner, Margery: ANSA Italian News Agency

Frink, Gary: Tufty News Service

Froomkin, Dan: Washingtonpost.com

Fu, Norman: China Times

Fullerton, Jane: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Fulwood III, Sam: Los Angeles Times

Furlong, Vanessa E.: Reuters

Furlow, Robert S.: Associated Press

Fuse, Hiroshi: Mainichi Newspapers

Fyhn, Morten: Aftenposten

Galvin, Kevin: Associated Press

Gamerman, Ellen: Baltimore Sun

Garcia, Richard: Reuters

Gaskins, Frederick: USA Today

Gavin, Robert: Newhouse News Service

Gay, Lance C.: Scripps Howard News Service

Gearan, Anne R.: Associated Press

Geatti, Katy: AIR Daily

Gedda, George: Associated Press

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

Geraghty, James: CQ Daily Monitor

Gerdts, Jennifer A.: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Gerhart, Ann E.: Washington Post

Germond, Jack W.: Baltimore Sun

Gerstenzang, James R.: Los Angeles Times

Gerth, Jeff: New York Times

Gertz, William D.: Washington Times

Getter, Lisa: Los Angeles Times

Gettinger, Steve: Congressional Quarterly

Ghent, Bill: Legi-Slate News Service

Giacomo, Carol A.: Reuters

Gibson, Gail: Lexington Herald-Leader

Gibson, William E.: Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel

Gigot, Paul: Wall Street Journal

Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Gilchrist, Phyllis A.: CQ Daily Monitor

Ginsburg, Steven H.: Reuters

Giroux, Gregory L.: Congressional Quarterly

Givhan, Robin: Washington Post

Glachant, Pierre: Agence France-Presse

Glass, Andrew J.: Cox Newspapers

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glass, Robert: Associated Press

Godfrey, John: Washington Times

Golden, James R.: Gannett News Service

Goldreich, Samuel B: Bridge News

Goldreich, Samuel B.: Washington Times

Goldschlag, William: New York Daily News

Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Goldstein, Jacobo: La Tribuna

Goldstein, Steven L.: Philadelphia Inquirer/KR

Golkin, Peter: Reuters

Golle, Vince: Bloomberg News

Gonzalez, Maria I.: El Norte & Reforma

Goode, Darren: Education Daily

Goodman, Adrianne: Los Angeles Times

Goodrich, Lawrence J.: Christian Science Monitor

Goozner, Merrill: Chicago Tribune

Gordon, Gregory: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Gordon, Marcy G.: Associated Press

Gorman, Maya: New York Times

Gorman, Sean: States News Service

Goslin, JoAnn: USA Today

[[Page 958]]

Gosselin, Peter G.: Los Angeles Times

Gould, Lee A.: Associated Press

Gowda, Vanita: Congressional Quarterly

Graham, Bradley L.: Washington Post

Gravely, Robert M.: CQ Daily Monitor

Green, Mark D.: Daily Oklahoman

Green, Stephen J.: Copley News Service

Greenberger, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Greenblatt, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Greenburg, Jan C.: Chicago Tribune

Greene, David L.: Baltimore Sun

Greene, Marcia S.: Washington Post

Greene, Robert T.: Bloomberg News

Greenfield, Meg: Washington Post

Greenhouse, Linda J.: New York Times

Greiling, Angela: Small Newspaper Group

Greve, Frank J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Gribbin, August: Washington Times

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

Griffith, Stephanie: Agence France-Presse

Grimaldi, James V.: Seattle Times

Grimes, Charlotte: Scripps Howard News Service

Groer, Anne: Washington Post

Groppe, Maureen: Thomson Newspapers

Grove, Lloyd B.: Washington Post

Gruenwald, Juliana: National Journals Technology Daily

Gruley, Bryan: Wall Street Journal

Grunwald, Michael: Washington Post

Gu, Liyian: Xinhua News Agency

Guadalupe, Christian F.: Federal Filings Business News

Guensburg, Carol: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Guerrero, Kevin: Federal Filings Business News

Gugliotta, Guy: Washington Post

Guihang, Ci: Wen Hui Bao Daily

Gulino, Denny: Market News Service

Gullo, Karen: Associated Press

Gurdon, Hugo: London Daily Telegraph

Gutman, Roy W.: Newsday

Guttsman, Janet: Reuters

Haase, David L.: Indianapolis Star-News

Hackett, Laurel E.: Scripps Howard News Service

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: Reuters

Hager, George D.: Washington Post

Haggerty, Maryann: Washington Post

Hall, John N.: Media General News Service

Hall, Margaret W.: USA Today

Hallinan, Joseph T.: Newhouse News Service

Hallow, Ralph Z.: Washington Times

Halpern, Ian: Federal Filings Business News

Hamalainen, Aloysia C.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamann, Carlos: Agence France-Presse

Hamburger, Tom: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Hamilton, Bill: Washington Post

Hamilton, Martha A.: Washington Post

Hanchette, John M.: Gannett News Service

Hankerson, Mark: Congressional Quarterly

Hannan, Eric D.: Federal Filings Business News

Hanner, Ken: Washington Times

Harada, Ryosuke: Nikkei

Hardin, Peter: Richmond Times-Dispatch

Hardy, Michael J.: Newhouse News Service

Hargrove, Thomas K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Harland, Janis: New York Times

Harmon, Bruce: Bridge News

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harris, Hamil R.: Washington Post

Harris, John F.: Washington Post

Harris, Katherine E.: Legi-Slate News Service

Harrison, David: American Banker

Harrison, Katie: Hearst Newspapers

Harrison, Nathaniel: Agence France-Presse

Hartman, Carl: Associated Press

Hartnagel, Nancy J.: Catholic News Service

Hartson, Merrill J.: Associated Press

Harwood, John J.: Wall Street Journal

Hashim, Salmy M.: Malaysian News Agency

Hasson, Judith B.: Congressional Quarterly

Hastings, Maribel: La Opinion

Hatch, Andrea: Bridge News

Havemann, Judith: Washington Post

Hawkings, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hawkins, Charles S.: Bloomberg News

Hawkins, Ronald L.: Potomac News

Hawryluk, Becky A.: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Hayashi, Michio: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hazar, Hasan M.: Turkiye Daily

Healy, Melissa: Los Angeles Times

Healy, Patrick: Chronicle of Higher Education

Healy, Robert E.: CQ Daily Monitor

Hearnburg, Laura: CQ Daily Monitor

Heath, Lesette: Federal Filings Business News

Hebel, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hedges, Caroline: USA Today

Hedges, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Hedges, Stephen J.: Chicago Tribune

Heesup, Jun: Yonhap News Agency

Heim, Joseph: Education Daily

Heinicke, Erik: Dow Jones News Services

Heldman, Paul: Bloomberg News

Heller, Marc R.: Watertown Daily Times

Helm, Mark: Hearst Newspapers

Hendel, Caitlin A.: Bloomberg News

Hendel, John: United Press International

Hendrickson, Paul: Washington Post

Henley, David C.: Lahontan Valley News

Hennagir, Alan: Federal Filings Business News

Henneberger, Melinda: New York Times

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Henry, John C.: Houston Chronicle

Henry, Tamara M.: USA Today

Hess, David W.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Hewett, Jennifer A.: Sydney Morning Herald

[[Page 959]]

Hiatt, Fred: Washington Post

Hicks, Desiree F.: Akron Beacon Journal

Hill, Patrice S.: Washington Times

Hillman, G. Robert: Dallas Morning News

Hilzenrath, David: Washington Post

Hines, Cragg: Houston Chronicle

Hinton, Earl: Associated Press

Hirschfeld, Julie: CQ Daily Monitor

Hitt, Greg A.: Wall Street Journal

Hodges, Sam L.: Newhouse News Service

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Hogan, David L.: Oregonian

Hohler, Robert T.: Boston Globe

Holland, Judy: Hearst Newspapers

Holland, Steve: Reuters

Hollingsworth, Catherine: New York Times Regional Newspapers

Holly, Christopher P.: Energy Daily

Holmes, Steven: New York Times

Holton, Sean M.: Orlando Sentinel

Hong, Euntaek: Dong-A Ilbo

Hongqi, Li: Xinhua News Agency

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hoopes, Cora R.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Hope, Heather A.: Congressional Quarterly

Horner, Carol J.: Wall Street Journal

Horowitz, Nitzan: Ha'aretz

Hoskins, Richard: Reuters

Hosler, Karen A.: Baltimore Sun

Hotakainen, Rob: Minneapolis Star Tribune

House, Billy: Gannett News Service

House, Julia R.: San Francisco Chronicle

Hoversten, Paul M.: USA Today

Howe, Patrick C.: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Howell, Deborah: Newhouse News Service

Hoy, Anne Q.: Newsday

Hsu, Spencer S.: Washington Post

Huffman, J. Ford: Gannett News Service

Hughes, John: Associated Press

Hughes, Siobhan: Bloomberg News

Hughey, Ann: Bloomberg News

Hulse, Carl: New York Times Regional Newspapers

Hume, Lynn S.: Bond Buyer

Hunt, Albert R.: Wall Street Journal

Hurt, Elizabeth: States News Service

Hutcheson, Ron M.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Hyzy, Ursula: Agence France-Presse

Ihara, Tomoki: Kyodo News

Ikeuchi, Shintaro: Nikkei

Ilustre, Josefina L.: Philippine Inquirer

Ingersoll, Bruce: Wall Street Journal

Itsumi, Yoshiyuki: Mainichi Newspapers

Ivanovich, David: Houston Chronicle

Jackler, Rosalind: Boston Globe

Jackson, David M.: Dallas Morning News

Jackson, Robert L.: Los Angeles Times

Jackson, Sarah: Agence France-Presse

James III, Frank E.: Chicago Tribune

Janofsky, Michael: New York Times

Jaspin, Elliot: Cox Newspapers

Jennings, Rob: Education Daily

Jensen, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Jesdanun, Anick: Associated Press

Jingsheng, Zhai: Xinhua News Agency

Johnson, Glen: Associated Press

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Mark: Media General News Service

Johnson, Sandy K.: Associated Press

Johnson-Settles, Mary: McClatchy Newspapers

Johnston, Carl A.: Dow Jones News Services

Johnston, David: New York Times

Jones, Charisse: USA Today

Jones, Kerry L.: Congressional Quarterly

Joyce, Stacey A.: Reuters

Judson, David: Gannett News Service

Jukes, Stephen A.: Reuters

Jung, Yun J.: Han-Kyoreh Shinmun

Kaffsack, Hanns-Jochen: German Press Agency - DPA

Kahn, Benjamin: Agence France-Presse

Kahn, Michael D.: Reuters

Kaiser, Robert G.: Washington Post

Kalb, Deborah: Gannett News Service

Kamen, Al: Washington Post

Kane, Paul J.: States News Service

Kanno, Michiyo: Tokyo Shimbun

Kaplan, Peter: Bridge News

Kaps, Carola: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

Karamargin, C.J.: States News Service

Kashiyama, Yukio: Sankei Shimbun

Kastner, Kevin P.: Market News Service

Kato, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Katz, Jeffrey L.: Congressional Quarterly

Katz, Lee M.: USA Today

Kaul, Donald W.: Des Moines Register

Kazaz, Harun: Turkish Daily News

Keefe, Stephen R.: Nikkei

Keen, Judith C.: USA Today

Keeter, Hunter C.: Defense Daily

Keil, Richard D.: Bloomberg News

Kelley, Jack: USA Today

Kelley, Matt: Omaha World-Herald

Kellman, Laurie A.: Associated Press

Kellogg, Sarah M.: Newhouse News Service

Kelly, Anne Marie: Bridge News

Kelly, Erin V.: Gannett News Service

Kelly, Nancy E.: American Metal Market

Kemper, Vicki: Los Angeles Times

Kempster, Norman: Los Angeles Times

Kenen, Joanne: Reuters

Keto, Laurin A.: Dow Jones News Services

Kettle, Martin: London Guardian

Khabotin, Sergey A.: Itar-Tass News Agency

Khouri, Ghada: Agence France-Presse

Kiefer, Francine S.: Christian Science Monitor

Kiely, Kathy: USA Today

[[Page 960]]

Kiker, Douglas: Associated Press

Kiki, Hironori: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kikuchi, Megumi: Nishi Nippon

Kil, Jeong-Woo: Joong-Ang Ilbo

Kilian, Michael D.: Chicago Tribune

Kim, Eun Kyung: Associated Press

Kim, Jong Soo: Joong Ang Ilbo

Kim, Kiseo: Yonhap News Agency

King, Colbert: Washington Post

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Peter H.: CQ Daily Monitor

Kinnander, Ola: Bond Buyer

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchhoff, Suzanne: Congressional Quarterly

Kirkland, Michael E.: United Press International

Kivlan, Terence J.: Newhouse News Service

Klein, Gilbert F.: Media General News Service

Kline, Alan: American Banker

Klisz, Theresa: Gannett News Service

Knight, Danielle: Inter Press Service

Knight, Rebecca: New York Times

Knowlton, Brian B.: International Herald Tribune

Knox, Olivier: Agence France-Presse

Knupfer, Uwe: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Koar, Jurgen: Stuttgarter Zeitung

Kocerha, Vladimir: Gestion

Koch, Wendy: USA Today

Koff, Stephen: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Koffler, Keith: CongressDaily

Kolb, Pherabe: CQ Daily Monitor

Komago, Shigeru: Nikkei

Komarow, Steven: USA Today

Koning, Rachel: Bond Buyer

Kootnikoff, Lawrence: Agence France-Presse

Kopecki, Dawn: Dow Jones News Services

Koren, Leslie: Washington Times

Kornblut, Anne: Boston Globe

Koszczuk, Jaculine M.: Congressional Quarterly

Kozakos, Panayiota: USA Today

Kozluklu, Fuat: Cumhuriyet

Kranish, Michael A.: Boston Globe

Kreisher, Otto: Copley News Service

Krishnaswami, Sridhar: Hindu

Kronholz, June: Wall Street Journal

Kuhnhenn, James L.: Knight Ridder Newspapers

Kuk, Kiyon: Segye Times

Kuntz, Philip A.: Wall Street Journal

Kurtzman, Daniel: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

LaGesse, David: Dallas Morning News

LaRoue, Jr., James F.: Congressional Information Bureau

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lacey, Marc: Los Angeles Times

Lachica, Eduardo: Asian Wall Street Journal

Lake, Eli J.: Education Daily

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Land, Albion W.: AFX News

Landa, Amy S.: Health News Daily

Landay, Jonathan S.: Christian Science Monitor

Landers, James M.: Dallas Morning News

Lane, Earl: Newsday

Lang, John S.: Scripps Howard News Service

Langdon, Jervis: Gannett News Service

Lanting, Bert J.: De Volkskrant

Lardner, George: Washington Post

Larson, Ruth I.: Washington Times

Lash, Stephanie: National Journals Technology Daily

Lash, Steven M.: Houston Chronicle

Lavin, Carl H.: New York Times

Lawrence, George: Gannett News Service

Lawrence, Jill D.: USA Today

Lawrence, Richard: Journal of Commerce

Lawsky, David A.: Reuters

LeDuc, Daniel: Washington Post

Learner, Neal: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Leary, Warren E.: New York Times

Lebedev, Ivan: Itar-Tass News Agency

Lee, Bryan: Dow Jones News Services

Lee, Jessica: USA Today

Lee, Matthew: Agence France-Presse

Lee, Richard F.: Media General News Service

Lee, Siew H.: Singapore Straits Times

Leen, Jeff: Washington Post

Leffler, Pete: Allentown Morning Call

Leiby, Richard: Washington Post

Leinwand, Donna: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Lekic, Slobodan: Associated Press

Lelen, Kenneth: Washington Post

Leonard, Mary C.: Boston Globe

Leonnig, Carol D.: Charlotte Observer

Lester, William J.: Associated Press

Leubsdorf, Carl P.: Dallas Morning News

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levey, Harold J.: Federal Filings Business News

Levin, Alan: USA Today

Levine, Susan K.: Washington Post

Lewis, Charles J.: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Copley News Service

Lewis, Katherine: Dallas Morning News

Lewis, Neil A.: New York Times

Li, Li: Sing Tao Daily

Li, Tao: Beijing Daily

Li, Zhengxin: Economic Daily

Liang, Zhang: People's Daily

Lichtblau, Eric: Los Angeles Times

Lieberman, Brett: Harrisburg Patriot-News

Lightman, David: Hartford Courant

Lilleston, Thomas R.: Congressional Quarterly

Lin, Betty P.: World Journal

Linares de Housein, Delia: Venezuelan News Agency

Lindberg, Rainer S.: Nachrichten fuer Aussenhandel

Lindsay, John H.: Scripps Howard News Service

[[Page 961]]

Lipman, Laurence M.: Palm Beach Post

Lipold, John: Bridge News

Lippman, Thomas W.: Washington Post

Lipton, Eric S.: Washington Post

Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

Lobe, James P.: Inter Press Service

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Lochhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Locy, Toni: Washington Post

Loeb, Vernon F.: Washington Post

Lorente, Rafael: Ft. Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel

Lorenzetti, Maureen: Platt's Oilgram News

Loughran, Timothy: Bloomberg News

Love, Alice A.: Associated Press

Loven, Jennifer A.: Associated Press

Lowe, Roger K.: Columbus Dispatch

Lowisch, Henriette: Agence France-Presse

Lowy, Joan A.: Scripps Howard News Service

Lubold, Gordon: Journal Newspapers

Luther, James W.: Associated Press

Lytle, Tamara: Orlando Sentinel

Maalouf, Rafic K.: Al Hayat

Mabry, Jennifer E.: Gannett News Service

MacDonald, David M.: McClendon News Service

MacDonald, John A.: Hartford Courant

MacMillan, Robert: Newsbytes

MacPherson, Karen: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Bld

Machacek, John W.: Gannett News Service

Machida, Tetsu: Nikkei

Macintyre, B.R.P.: London Times

Mackenzie, Hilary: Southam News of Canada

Mackler, Peter: Agence France-Presse

Maddox, Jennifer: Scripps Howard News Service

Maeda, Toru: Sankei Shimbun

Magg, Laura A.: States News Service

Magner, Michael J.: Newhouse News Service

Maitrepierre, Anne M.: Bridge News

Majano, Rosendo: EFE News Service

Malarstedt, Kurt: Dagens Nyheter

Malone, Julia: Cox Newspapers

Mandelman, Joel: Health News Daily

Mann, James H.: Los Angeles Times

Mann, William C.: Associated Press

Mannion, James C.: Agence France-Presse

Marchak, Elizabeth A.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Marcus, Ruth: Washington Post

Marcy, Steven K.: Bridge News

Margasak, Lawrence N.: Associated Press

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Mariuccia, Chiantaretto: Il Giornale

Marlowe, Robert E.: Media General News Service

Marolo, Bruno: ANSA Italian News Agency

Marquis, Christopher: Miami Herald

Marsden, Jason C.: Casper Star-Tribune

Marshall, Andrew R.: London Independent

Marshall, Larry R.: USA Today

Marshall, Tyler: Los Angeles Times

Martin, Fowler W.: Dow Jones News Services

Martin, Gary R.: San Antonio Express-News

Martin, John P.: Washingtonpost.com

Martin, Sean: Medcast

Martinez, Gebe: Congressional Quarterly

Maseri, Sergio Gomez.: El Tiempo

Mastio, David: Detroit News

Mathews, Anna W.: Wall Street Journal

Mathews, Linda M.: USA Today

Mathewson, Judith M.: Bloomberg News

Mathis, Nancy: Houston Chronicle

Matsuda, Hideaki: Jiji Press

Matthews, Christopher J.: San Francisco Examiner

Matthews, Mark H.: Baltimore Sun

Mauro, Anthony E.: USA Today

Mayer, Caroline F.: Washington Post

McAllister, William H.: Washington Post

McBee, Susanna: Hearst Newspapers

McCaffrey, Shannon: Associated Press

McCaleb, Ian C.: CQ Daily Monitor

McCarthy, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

McCaslin, John L.: Washington Times

McClendon, Sarah: McClendon News Service

McClinton, Dennis: Associated Press

McCombs, Philip A.: Washington Post

McCord, Nancy S.: London Financial Times

McCune, Greg A.: Reuters

McCutcheon, Chuck: Congressional Quarterly

McDonald, Greg: Houston Chronicle

McDonough, Tom: Gannett News Service

McFarling, Ushe: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

McFeatters, Ann C.: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

McFeatters, Dale B.: Scripps Howard News Service

McGinley, Laurie: Wall Street Journal

McGregor, Deborah: London Financial Times

McGrory, Mary: Washington Post

McIntyre, David T.: German Press Agency - DPA

McKee, Jane: Education Daily

McKee, Michael: Bloomberg News

McKinley, Elizabeth: Bridge News

McKinney, Joan: Baton Rouge Advocate

McLean, Renwick: El Pais

McLoone, Sharon A.: National Journals Technology Daily

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McMeans, Alison D.: Washington Times

McNamara, Melissa: New York Times

McQuaid, John G.: New Orleans Times-Picayune

McQueen, Anjetta: Associated Press

McQuillan, Laurence: Reuters

McQuillan, Mark: Bloomberg News

Meadows, Clifton E.: New York Times

Means, Marianne: Hearst Newspapers

Means, Sarah: Washington Times

Mears, Walter R.: Associated Press

Meckler, Laura: Associated Press

Meek, James G.: United Press International

Meinert, Dori: Copley News Service

[[Page 962]]

Meisler, Daniel: Bond Buyer

Melton, Robert H.: Washington Post

Memmott, Mark J.: USA Today

Menon, Nambalat C.: Hindustan Times

Mercer, Marsha D.: Media General News Service

Merida, Kevin E.: Washington Post

Merry, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Meszoly, Robin D.: Bloomberg News

Mevel, Jean-Jacques: Le Figaro

Middleton, Chris: Market News

Middleton, Otesa: Dow Jones News Services

Miga, Andrew L.: Boston Herald

Mikkelsen, Randall: Reuters

Milius, Peter: Washington Post

Miller, Alan C.: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Jeff: Scripps Howard News Service

Miller, Suzanne: USA Today

Mills, Betty: Griffin-Larrabee News Service

Mills, Mike: Washington Post

Milverton, Damian: Dow Jones News Services

Minh, Nguyen: Vietnam News Agency

Mintz, John D.: Washington Post

Mitchell, Alison: New York Times

Mitchell, Brian P.: Investor's Business Daily

Mitchell, Charles: CongressDaily

Mittelstadt, Michelle: Associated Press

Miyamoto, Akihiko: Nikkei

Miyasaka, Yoshio: Kyodo News Service

Mizejewski, Gerald: Washington Times

Mizuno, Takaaki: Asahi Shimbun

Mkhondo, Rich: Independent Newspapers of S.Africa

Mohammed, Arshad A.: Reuters

Moleon, Ary: Associated Press

Mollison, Andrew R.: Cox Newspapers

Molotsky, Irvin D.: New York Times

Montet, Virginie: Agence France-Presse

Montgomery, Christine: Washington Times

Montgomery, Scott: Dayton Daily News

Montoya, Joseph: Reuters

Monyak, Fred: Baltimore Sun

Mooar, Brian: Washington Post

Moon, Chang Keuk: Joong-Ang Ilbo

Moon, Julie: U.S.-Asian News Service

Moriarty, JoAnn: Newhouse News Service

Morin, Richard: Washington Post

Morris, David J.: Associated Press

Morris, Vincent: New York Post

Morrison, James E.: Washington Times

Morrison, Joanne E.: Reuters

Morrissey, Matthew: CongressDaily

Morton, Robert: Washington Times

Morton, III, David K.: Federal Filings Business News

Moscoso, Eunice: Cox Newspapers

Moss, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Motta, Mary: USA Today

Muir, Kate: London Times

Mulero, Leonor: El Nuevo Dia

Mulligan, John E.: Providence Journal-Bulletin

Mullins, Brody: CongressDaily

Mundy, Liza: Washington Post

Muradian, Vago: Defense Daily

Muramatsu, Masaaki: Nikkei

Muraoka, Shinichiro: Jiji Press

Murphy, Daniel J.: Investor's Business Daily

Murphy, Kevin Q.: Kansas City Star

Murray, Alan S.: Wall Street Journal

Murray, Deanna M.: Washington Times

Murray, Frank: Washington Times

Music, Kimberley A.: Oil Daily

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Laura: Associated Press

Myers, Steven L.: New York Times

Nagoshi, Kenro: Jiji Press

Nakagawa, Hiroyuki: Jiji Press

Nakai, Yoshinori: Mainichi Newspapers

Nakamura, Shinichi: Kyodo News

Nakata, Masahiro: Sankei Shimbun

Narisetti, Innaiah: Vaartha Daily

Neal, Terry M.: Washington Post

Neergaard, Lauran: Associated Press

Neikirk, William R.: Chicago Tribune

Nelson, Jack: Los Angeles Times

Nelson, Lars-Erik: New York Daily News

Nesbitt, Jim: Newhouse News Service

Nesmith, Jeff H.: Cox Newspapers

Neuman, Johanna: Los Angeles Times

Neus, Elizabeth: Gannett News Service

Neusner, Noam: Bloomberg News

Newman-Barnett, Pamela: CongressDaily

Nguyen, Chi: Federal Filings Business News

Nicholson, Jonathan: Dow Jones News Services

Nielsen, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Nishikura, Kazuyoshi: Kyodo News Service

Nishimura, Hiroshi: Akahata

Nishimura, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Nishio, Masaya: Akahata

Nissirio, Patrizio: ANSA Italian News Agency

Nitschke, Lori: Congressional Quarterly

Nordwall, Smita: USA Today

Norman, Jane M.: Des Moines Register

Norton, Stephen J.: CongressDaily

Novak, Robert: Chicago Sun Times

Nutting, Brian W.: Congressional Quarterly

Nutting, Rex: CBS MarketWatch

Nyhan, Paul: Bloomberg News

O'Brien, Nancy F.: Catholic News Service

O'Connell, Jim: Scripps Howard News Service

O'Connor, Rory J.: National Journals Technology Daily

O'Donnell, Maria: La Nacion

O'Donnell, Jr., John B.: Baltimore Sun

O'Neill, Robert: Legi-Slate News Service

O'Rourke, Lawrence M.: McClatchy Newspapers

O'Toole, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

[[Page 963]]

Ogrim, Helge: Norwegian News Agency

Okabayashi, Yusuke: Yomiuri Shimbun

Okabe, Hiroshi: Kyodo News Service

Okie, Susan: Washington Post

Oliphant, Cortright W.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, John L.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Robert C.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Thomas N.: Boston Globe

Olnhausen, Jeff: Congressional Information Bureau

Omae, Hitoshi: Nikkei

Omicinski, John J.: Gannett News Service

Onishi, Takao: Hokkaido Shimbun

Orantes, Cesar A.: El Grantes

Oreskes, Michael: New York Times

Orin, Deborah: New York Post

Orlov, Arkadiy: RIA Novosti

Orr, J. Scott: Newhouse News Service

Orvetti, Peter: National Journals Technology Daily

Ostroff, Jim: Fairchild News Service

Ostrow, Ronald J.: Los Angeles Times

Ota, Alan K.: Congressional Quarterly

Otsuji, Kazuaki: Kyodo News

Otsuka, Ryuichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ottaway, David B.: Washington Post

Otto, Mary C.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Owens, Scott: Gannett News Service

Pace, David H.: Associated Press

Packer-Tursman, Judy: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Bld

Page, Susan L.: USA Today

Palmer, Elizabeth: CQ Daily Monitor

Palmer, Louise: Boston Globe

Pan, Herman: Central News Agency

Panarale, Louis A.: Catholic News Service

Papantoniou, Lambros: Eleftheros Typos

Parasuram, T.V.: Press Trust of India

Park, Doosik: Chosun Ilbo

Parker, Laura: USA Today

Parker, Lonnae O.: Washington Post

Parker, Richard: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Parker, Vicki L.: Wall Street Journal

Parks, Daniel J.: Congressional Quarterly

Pasarin, Sorin G.: Ziua

Pasternak, Judy: Los Angeles Times

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Paulson, Michael: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Payne, Henry: Scripps Howard News Service

Payton, Jack R.: St. Petersburg Times

Pear, Robert L.: New York Times

Peck, Louis M.: CongressDaily

Pelofsky, Jeremy L.: Bloomberg News

Pennybacker, Mary R.: Associated Press

Perl, Peter: Washington Post

Perlez, Jane: New York Times

Pesce, Carolyn: USA Today

Petersen, Tina: Bridge News

Peterson, Denise: Health News Daily

Peterson, Jonathan: Los Angeles Times

Peterson, Margaret: Legi-Slate News Service

Pethel, Blair: Bridge News

Petruska, Anne: Health News Daily

Pfleger, Katherine: St. Petersburg Times

Phillips, Don: Washington Post

Phillips, Kathleen A.: New York Times

Phillips, Michael M.: Wall Street Journal

Philpott, Thomas R.: Military Update

Piacente, Steve: Charleston Post-Courier

Pianin, Eric S.: Washington Post

Pierce, Emily: CQ Daily Monitor

Pierce, Gregory T.: Washington Times

Pike, David F.: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Pincus, Walter: Washington Post

Pine, Art: Los Angeles Times

Pinkerton, James P.: Newsday

Pins, Kenneth W.: Des Moines Register

Pisano, Carl A.: USA Today

Pleming, Susan E.: Reuters

Plocek, Joseph E.: Market News Service

Pohan, Ramadhan: Jawa Pos

Poirier, John: Reuters

Poitevent, Evelyn S.: USA Today

Pomper, Miles A.: Congressional Quarterly

Poor, Timothy J.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Pope, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Porretta, Anthony L.: CQ Daily Monitor

Posner, Michael L.: Legi-Slate News Service

Pound, Edward T.: USA Today

Povich, Elaine S.: Newsday

Powell, Michael H.: Washington Post

Powell, Stewart M.: Hearst Newspapers

Powelson, Richard: Scripps Howard News Service

Powers, Ronald E.: Associated Press

Pressman, Aaron: Reuters

Preston, Mark D.: States News Service

Price, Deborah J.: Detroit News

Price, Elizabeth: Bridge News

Price, Joyce H.: Washington Times

Price, Tom: Cox Newspapers

Priddy, Dave: States News Service

Priest, Dana: Washington Post

Pritchard, Justin: Legi-Slate News Service

Pruden, Wesley: Washington Times

Pruitt, Claude Philip: Gannett News Service

Przybyla, Heidi: Journal of Commerce

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Puertas, Jose A.: Agence France-Presse

Pugh, Anthony: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Pulizzi, Jr., Henry J.: Dow Jones News Service

Purce, Melinda A.: Associated Press

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Puzzanghera, James M.: San Jose Mercury News

Pyatt, Jr., Rudolph A.: Washington Post

Quaid, Libby: Associated Press

Quansheng, Fu: Xinhua News Agency

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

[[Page 964]]

Ramadan, Wafik: L'Orient - Le Jour

Ramey, Joanna: Fairchild News Service

Ramjug, Peter A.: Reuters

Rankin, Robert A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Rapp, David: Congressional Quarterly

Rauber, Marilyn: New York Post

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Raygada, Aida: Venezuelan News Agency

Rebello, Joseph: Dow Jones News Services

Recer, Paul: Associated Press

Recio, Maria E.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Redmon, Jeremy: Washington Times

Reed, Jennifer E.: Catholic News Service

Reed, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Reeves, Pamela: Scripps Howard News Service

Reeves, Tracy A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Rega, John: Bloomberg News

Regan, Mary Beth: Cox Newspapers

Rehm, Barbara A.: American Banker

Reid, Brian: Bloomberg News

Reisner, Hiram: Gas Daily

Remez, Michael A.: Hartford Courant

Rennert, Leo: McClatchy Newspapers

Resnick, Amy B.: Bond Buyer

Reynolds, Katherine M.: Bloomberg News

Rhodes, Charles C.: WashingtonPost.com

Rich, Spencer: Legi-Slate News Service

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Ricks, Thomas E.: Wall Street Journal

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Riedler, Monica A.: Die Presse

Rifkin, Ira: Newhouse News Service

Rimscha, Robert von: Der Tagesspeigel

Ringle, Ken: Washington Post

Rios, Delia M.: Newhouse News Service

Risen, James E.: New York Times

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Ritter, Irene C.: Bloomberg News

Ritter, Scott: Dow Jones News Services

Robb, Gregory A.: AFX News

Robbins, Carla A.: Wall Street Journal

Roberts, Roxanne: Washington Post

Roberts, III, William L.: Journal of Commerce

Robicheaux, Virginia D.: Deep Dixie News Service

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, John A.: Defense Daily

Robinson, Stuart J.: CQ Daily Monitor

Robinson, Jr., Robert G.: Market News Service

Rockwood, Ryan: Newhouse News Service

Rodrigo, Alejandro: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rodriguez Reyna, Ramon: Notimex - Mexican News Agency

Roe, Linda Feldmann: Christian Science Monitor

Rogers, David E.: Wall Street Journal

Rohner, Mark: Bloomberg News

Roland, Neil: Bloomberg News

Roman, Nancy E.: Washington Times

Romano, Michael: Rocky Mountain News

Romero, Cesar: Reforma

Romero, Juan R.: EFE News Services

Rosen, James M.: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenbaum, David E.: New York Times

Rosenberg, Eric M.: Hearst Newspapers

Rosenberg, Mike: United Press International

Rosenblatt, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Rosenfeld, Megan: Washington Post

Rosenthal, Harry F.: Associated Press

Rosin, Hanna: Washington Post

Roth, Bennett: Houston Chronicle

Roth, Susan: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Rothberg, Donald M.: Associated Press

Rovner, Julie: CongressDaily

Rowley, James C.: Bloomberg News

Rowold, Manfred: Die Welt

Rubin, Alissa J.: Los Angeles Times

Rubin, Ann E.: New York Times

Rubin, James H.: Bloomberg News

Rucker, Teri: Federal Filings Business News

Ruel, Patrick: Liberation

Ruetschi, Pierre: Tribune de Geneve

Ruffner, Annette R.: Boston Globe

Ruibal, LeeAnn: USA Today

Ruiz, Phillip: Los Angeles Times

Runningen, Roger D.: Bloomberg News

Rupprecht, Jody: Congressional Quarterly

Ryan, Richard A.: Detroit News

Ryan, Timothy F.: Reuters

Rzeznitzeck, Peter: Rheinische Post

Saffir, Barbara J.: Washington Times

Safford, David T.: Legi-Slate News Service

Safire, William: New York Times

Sakamoto, Takashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Sakikawa, Shinichiro: Hokkaido Shimbun

Salant, Jonathan D.: Associated Press

Salisbury, William S.: St. Paul Pioneer Press

Sammon, Bill: Washington Times

Sample, Herbert A.: McClatchy Newspapers

Samsot, Bob: USA Today

Samuel, Terence: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Sanchez, Emilio: EFE News Service

Sanchez, Humberto: Dow Jones News Services

Sanchez, Marcela: El Espectador

Sandalow, Marc: San Francisco Chronicle

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sanger, David E.: New York Times

Sans, Claudia M.: Newhouse News Service

Sansbury, Timothy J.: Journal of Commerce

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Santora, Marc: New York Times

Sanz, Marie: Agence France-Presse

Sarasohn, Judy C.: Washington Post

Sase, Moriyoshi: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Savage, David G.: Los Angeles Times

[[Page 965]]

Sawyer, Jon M.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Sawyer, Kathy: Washington Post

Scales, Ann: Boston Globe

Scally, William F.: William Scally Reports

Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Times

Schafer, Susanne: Associated Press

Schepp, David: Federal Filings Business News

Scherer, Eric: Agence France-Presse

Schibli, Peter: Basler Zeitung

Schlein, Alan M.: Schlein News Bureau

Schlesinger, Jacob M.: Wall Street Journal

Schmale, Holger: German Press Agency - DPA

Schmick, William F.: Bloomberg News

Schmid, Randolph E.: Associated Press

Schmid, Sharon L.: Wall Street Journal

Schmidt, Peter G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schmidt, Susan: Washington Post

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schmitt, Richard B.: Wall Street Journal

Schneider, Avinoam: Bridge News

Schneider, Suzin: Washington Times

Schoenstein, Juergen: Springer Foreign News Service

Schouten, Fredreka: Gannett News Service

Schrader, Esther: Los Angeles Times

Schram, Martin: Scripps Howard News Service

Schroeder, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Schroeder, Jr., Robert L.: Bridge News

Schulte, Brigid: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Schultz, Jason: Washington Times

Schumacher, Jacqueline: Asahi Shimbun

Schuman, Joseph S.: Associated Press

Schwartz, Emily B.: Bloomberg News

Schwartz, John: Washington Post

Schwartz, Leland: States News Service

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Schwerzler, Nancy J.: Legi-Slate News Service

Sciolino, Elaine: New York Times

Scott, Heather: Market News Service

Scrivo, Karen L.: Legi-Slate News Service

Scully, Sean P.: Washington Times

Seachrist, Lisa: BioWorld Today

Seelye, Katharine Q.: New York Times

Segawa, Shiro: Mainichi Shimbun

Seib, Gerald F.: Wall Street Journal

Seiberg, Jaret: American Banker

Seimiya, Katsuyoshi: Mainichi Newspapers

Sekles, Maria Flavia.: Jornal Do Brasil

Selinger, Marc J.: Washington Times

Selingo, Jeffrey J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Selway, William: AFX News

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Serrano, Richard A.: Los Angeles Times

Serrin, Judith A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Shafer, Ronald G.: Wall Street Journal

Shaffer, Leslie: Wall Street Journal

Shanker, Thomas D.: New York Times

Shaw, Cathy: Congressional Quarterly

Shaw, Daniel A.: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Shaw, Gaylord D.: Newsday

Shaw, John T.: Market News Service

Shea, Griffin: United Press International

Shearer, Cody P.: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

Shelly, Nedra: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Shenon, Philip: New York Times

Shepard, Paul: Associated Press

Shepard, Scott: Cox Newspapers

Sher, Andrew L.: Chattanooga Times/Free Press

Sherman, Mark J.: Atlanta Journal and Constitution

Sherrell, David M.: Market News Service

Shesgreen, Deirdre: St. Louis Post Dispatch

Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

Shikun, Ma: People's Daily

Shin, Jae M.: Hankook Ilbo

Shiver, Jr., Jube: Los Angeles Times

Shogan, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Shogren, Elizabeth: Los Angeles Times

Shribman, David: Boston Globe

Shrohi, Seema: Calcutta Telegraph

Shuifu, Tang: Xinhua News Agency

Sia, Richard: Legi-Slate News Service

Sichelman, Lew: United Media

Sieroty, Chris H.: United Press International

Silvassy, Kathleen C.: CQ Daily Monitor

Simmons, Deborah: Washington Times

Simon, Richard J.: Los Angeles Times

Simons, John: Wall Street Journal

Simpson, Glenn R.: Wall Street Journal

Simpson, John M.: USA Today

Singletary, Michelle: Washington Post

Sipress, Alan I.: Washington Post

Sisk, Richard P.: New York Daily News

Sisnev, Vissarion I.: Trud

Sitov, Andrei K.: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skidmore, David W.: Associated Press

Skorneck, Carolyn: Associated Press

Skrzycki, Cindy: Washington Post

Sloyan, Patrick J.: Newsday

Smith, Donna M.: Reuters

Smith, Heather H.: Asahi Shimbun

Smolkin, Rachel: Scripps Howard News Service

Smucker, Sarah L.: New York Times

Sniffen, Michael J.: Associated Press

Snyder, Charles A.: Hong Kong Standard

Snyder, Ivan J.: CQ Daily Monitor

Sobieraj, Sandra J.: Associated Press

Solomon, John F.: Associated Press

Somerville, Glenn F.: Reuters

Song, Eui Dal: Chosun Ilbo

Sotero, Paulo: O Estado De S. Paulo

Soteropoulos, Jocoba J.: Tampa Tribune

Souza, Patricia: EFE News Services

Sparacino, Micaele: Congressional Quarterly

[[Page 966]]

Specht, Jim: Gannett News Service

Spencer, George: Restructuring Today

Sperry, Paul: Investor's Business Daily

Spitzer, Kirk: USATODAY.com

Squitieri, Tom: USA Today

Srinivasan, Kalpana: Associated Press

St. Onge, Jeff: Federal Filings Business News

Stainer, M. Maria: Washington Times

Stamas, Vicky J.: Reuters

Stanglin, Douglas: USA Today

Steelman, Aaron: Investor's Business Daily

Stempleman, Neil: Bridge News

Stencel, Mark: Washingtonpost.com

Stern, Amy: Congressional Quarterly

Stern, Marcus A.: Copley News Service

Sternberg, William: USA Today

Stertz, Bradley: Detroit News

Stevenson, Richard W.: New York Times

Stewart, B. Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stewart, Mark: Washington Times

Stewart, Michael R.: Asahi Shimbun

Stinson, Jeffrey: Gannett News Service

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg News

Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Stone, LaWanda: Federal Filings Business News

Storch, Gerry: Gannett News Services

Storey, David: Reuters

Stout, David G.: New York Times

Straub, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Strickerz, Mark: States News Service

Strong, Catherine: Associated Press

Sugai, Eileen: Mainichi Newspaper

Suissa, Corinne: Agence France-Presse

Sujono, Djono: Suara Merdeka

Sumikawa, Yuriko: Kyodo News Service

Sun, Lena H.: Washington Post

Sunohara, Tsuyoshi: Nikkei

Supervielle, Ana Baron: Clarin

Superville, Darlene E.: Associated Press

Suro, Robert: Washington Post

Surzhanskiy, Andrey A.: ITAR-TASS News Agency

Suzal, Savas: SABAH

Suzman, Lewis M.: London Financial Times

Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

Swisher, Lawrence A.: Northwest Newspapers

Swoboda, Frank: Washington Post

Szekely, Peter A.: Reuters

Tachio, Ryoji: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Tackett, Michael: Chicago Tribune

Takahata, Akio: Mainichi Shimbun

Takanarita, Toru: Asahi Shimbun

Talbott, Basil: CongressDaily

Tatum, Melanie G.: Saudi Press Agency

Tautfest, Peter: Tageszeitung

Tavara, Santiago: EFE News Services

Taylor, Andrew B.: Congressional Quarterly

Taylor, April: Detroit News

Taylor, Christina Duff: Wall Street Journal

Taylor, Cynthia A.: Boston Globe

Taylor, Jeffrey: Wall Street Journal

Tedards, Frank R.: Cox Newspapers

Temman, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Temple-Raston, Dina S.: Bloomberg News

Terrell, Angela B.: Gannett News Service

Terzian, Philip: Providence Journal-Bulletin

Tetreault, Stephan R.: Donrey Media Group

Thomas, Helen: United Press International

Thomas, Jennifer S.: Bloomberg News

Thomas, Patricia L.: Bridge News

Thomas, Richard G.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Thomasson, Dan K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomma, Steven R.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Thompson, Alan R.: Scripps Howard News Service

Thompson, Jake: Omaha World-Herald

Thompson, Morris: Knight Ridder Newspapers

Thompson, Robert B.: Washington Post

Thornburg, Ryan: Washingtonpost.com

Thurman, James N.: Christian Science Monitor

Tilove, Jonathan: Newhouse News Service

Timmons, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Todorovich, Lisa: Washingtonpost.com

Toedtman, James S.: Newsday

Tomasik, Mark A.: Scripps Howard News Service

Tomiyama, Yasushi: Jiji Press

Tomkin, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Tomkins, Richard J.: German Press Agency - DPA

Tomson, Bill: Bridge News

Torry, Jack: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Bld

Torry, Sandra: Washington Post

Towell, Pat: Congressional Quarterly

Towle, Michael D.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Trafford, Abigail: Washington Post

Trangtrakul, Veeree: Gas Daily

Trescott, Jacqueline: Washington Post

Trinidad, Katherine: Reuters

Tsao, Nadia: Taipei Liberty Times

Tsuji, Atsuko: Asahi Shimbun

Tufty, Harold G.: Tufty News Service

Tully, Matthew: CQ Daily Monitor

Tumulty, Brian J.: Gannett News Service

Tunison, Brian A.: Federal Filings Business News

Turner, Douglas L.: Buffalo News

Twersky, Ori: Bridge News

Twomey, Stephen M.: Washington Post

Tyson, Ann Scott.: Christian Science Monitor

Tyson, James: Christian Science Monitor

Tyson, James L.: Christian Science Monitor

Uchida, Akinori: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ulmer, Lisa J.: CBS MarketWatch

Ulveman, Michael: Jyllands-Posten

Unur, Esen: Hurriyet Daily

Urakami, Keiji: Kyodo News

Urban, Peter H.: Connecticut Post

[[Page 967]]

Vaida, Bara: National Journals Technology Daily

Valbrun, Marjorie: Wall Street Journal

Valenzuela, FranciscoJavier: El Pais

van der Linden, Frank: United States Press

Van Dusen, Lisa: United Press International

Van Natta Jr., Don: New York Times

Veazey, Walter K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Vial, Juan M.: El Mercurio

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vieth, Warren: Los Angeles Times

Viollaz, Andre: Agence France-Presse

Vise, David A.: Washington Post

Vivanco, Miguel H.: El Comercio

Vobejda, Barbara: Washington Post

Von Drehle, David: Washington Post

von Goihman, Nikolai: Market News Service

Vorman, Julie: Reuters

Vu, Nghi: Vietnam News Agency

Vy, Pham: Vietnam News Agency

Wagener, Leon: London Sun

Wagman, Robert: Newspaper Enterprise Association

Waitz, Nancy H.: Reuters

Walcott, John L.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Wald, Matthew L.: New York Times

Walker, Penelope: London Daily Telegraph

Walsh, Bill: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Walsh, Campion: Dow Jones News Services

Walsh, Edward J.: Washington Post

Walsh, Sharon: Washington Post

Walston, John N.: United Press International

Walters, Nolan J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Walton-James, Vickie: Chicago Tribune

Wanders, John: Netherlands Press Association

Wang, James C.: Taipei United Daily News

Ward, David: Bloomberg News

Warminsky, Joseph: United Press International

Warren, James C.: Chicago Tribune

Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

Washington, Adrienne T.: Washington Times

Washington, Ken: USA Today

Wastell, David: London Sunday Telegraph

Waters, Donald C.: Associated Press

Watson, Traci: USA Today

Watson, III, Ripley: Journal of Commerce

Watters, Susan W.: Fairchild News Service

Watts, William L.: Futures World News

Webb, Fletcher R.: Associated Press

Webb, Thomas J.: Wichita Eagle

Weeks, Linton: Washington Post

Wegner, Mark A.: CongressDaily

Wehrman, Jessica: Scripps Howard News Service

Weiner, Rebecca: National Journals Technology Daily

Weiner, Tim: New York Times

Weinraub, Mark: Reuters

Weintraub, Lisa: CQ Daily Monitor

Weiser, Carl: Gannett News Service

Weisman, Jonathan: Baltimore Sun

Weiss, Clyde: Donrey Media Group

Weiss, Rick: Washington Post

Welch, William M.: USA Today

Wells, Robert: Bloomberg News

Weng, Xiang: China Youth Daily

Wenlian, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westgate, Pummarie: Bangkok Post

Westneat, Daniel: Seattle Times

Westphal, David L.: McClatchy Newspapers

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Wheeler, Lawrence R.: Gannett News Service

Whelan, Charles: Agence France-Presse

White, Benjamin J.: Washington Post

White, Dina: Chicago Tribune

White, Gordon E.: Washington Telecommunications

White, Keith P.: CongressDaily

White, Jr., Joseph G.: Associated Press

Whiteman, Louis: American Banker

Whitesides, John L.: Reuters

Whitmire, Richard: Gannett News Service

Whitney, David L.: McClatchy Newspapers

Whittle, Richard: Dallas Morning News

Whitworth, Damian: London Times

Wibisono, Christianto: Suara Pembaruan

Wieland, Leo: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

Wiessler, David A.: Reuters

Wiessler, Judy B.: Houston Chronicle

Wigfield, Mark: Dow Jones News Service

Wilke, John R.: Wall Street Journal

Wilkie, Dana: Copley News Service

Wilkinson, Patrick J.: Congressional Quarterly

Willen, Mark: Bloomberg News

Williams, Larry E.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Williams, Vanassa: Washington Post

Willing, Richard: USA Today

Willing, Richard T.: USA Today

Willis, Derek: Congressional Quarterly

Wilson, David L.: San Jose Mercury News

Wilson, George C.: Legi-Slate News Service

Wilson, Kinsey: CQ Daily Monitor

Wilson, Martha W.: Scripps Howard News Service

Wilson, Patricia: Reuters

Winkler, Herbert: German Press Agency - DPA

Winter, Martin E.: Frankfurter Rundschau

Witcover, Jules: Baltimore Sun

Witham, Larry A.: Washington Times

Wittes, Benjamin: Washington Post

Wolf, Alan M.: Bloomberg News

Wolf, James H.: Reuters

Wolf, Richard J.: USA Today

Wolfe, Frank J.: Defense Daily

Wolff, Rachel: Asahi Shimbun

Wolffe, Richard: London Financial Times

Wolman, Jonathan P.: Associated Press

Woo, Yee Ling: Congressional Quarterly

[[Page 968]]

Wood, Winston S.: Wall Street Journal

Woodlee, Yolanda: Washington Post

Woods, Michael: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Bld

Woodward, Cal: Associated Press

Wright, Gregory L.: Bridge News

Wright, Jonathan A.: Reuters

Wright, Robin: Los Angeles Times

Wu, Xiuji: Jiefang Daily

Wyatt, Sarah: Associated Press

Wylie, Margie: Newhouse News Service

Wynn, Randall L.: CQ Daily Monitor

Wysocki, Jr., Bernard: Wall Street Journal

Xisheng, Zhou: Xinhua News Agency

Xue, Fukang: Guangming Daily

Yamada, Keisuke: Jiji Press

Yamaguchi, Tsutomu: Yomiuri Shimbun

Yamamoto, Akira: Sekai Nippo

Yamase, Kazuhiko: Asahi Shimbun

Yan, Ellen: Newsday

Yanakiew, Monica: O Estado De S.Paulo

Yancey, Matthew L.: Associated Press

Yang, Bong J.: Korea Economic Daily

Yang, John E.: Washington Post

Yaukey, John: Gannett News Service

Yokoyama, Yuji: Sekai Nippo

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Younes, Lina: El Vocero de Puerto Rico

Young, Zhang: People's Daily

Yuan, Bingzhong: Xinhua News Agency

Yun, Linda: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zabareno, Deborah: Reuters

Zagaroli, Lisa: Detroit News

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zakotnik, John M.: Health News Daily

Zalewski, Witold T.: Polish Press Agency

Zamorano, Jose L.: Notimex - Mexican News Agency

Zapor, Patricia J.: Catholic News Service

Zaret, Elliot: States News Service

Zawada, Zenon: Futures World News

Zeuthen, Kasper: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, Aaron L.: Boston Globe

Zremski, Jerry: Buffalo News

Zufferey, Sergio S.: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

[[Page 969]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

AFX NEWS--(202) 347-3237; 835 National Press Building, Sarah Borchersen-
Keto, Albion W. Land, Gregory A. Robb, William Selway.

AIR DAILY--(202) 775-0240; 1800 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 500, 20036: 
Joel Berg, Katy Geatti.

ANSA ITALIAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
20045: Francesco L. Bonazzi, Cristiano Del Riccio, Margery Friesner, Bruno 
Marolo, Patrizio Nissirio, Alejandro Rodrigo.

AFTENPOSTEN--(202) 785-0658; 2030 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: Morten Fyhn.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0602; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, 20005: 
Philippe Alfroy, Indalecio Alvarez, Georges Biannic, Stefanie Batcho, 
Sharon Behn, Christopher Boian, Marc Braibant, Sybilla Brodzinsky, Leon 
Bruneau, Guy Clavel, Gretchen Cook, Francis Curta, Louise Daly, Philippe 
Debeusscher, Brigitte Dusseau, Christiana Fabiani, Pierre Glachant, 
Stephanie Griffith, Carlos Hamann, Nathaniel Harrison, Ursula Hyzy, Sarah 
Jackson, Benjamin Kahn, Ghada Khouri, Olivier Knox, Lawrence Kootnikoff, 
Matthew Lee, Robert Lever, Henriette Lowisch, Peter Mackler, James C. 
Mannion, Virginie Montet, Jose A. Puertas, Jean-Louis Santini, Marie Sanz, 
Eric Scherer, Corinne Suissa, Francis Temman, Luis Torres, Andre Viollaz, 
Charles Whelan.

AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, 20045: Masaya Nishio, 
Hiroshi Nishimura.

AKRON BEACON JOURNAL--(202) 383-6029; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Desiree F. Hicks.

AL AHRAM INTERNATIONAL--(202) 737-2121; 1112 National Press Building, 
20045: Atef El-Ghamry.

AL HAYAT--(202) 783-5544; 1185 National Press Building, 20045: Rafic K. 
Maalouf.

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL--(703) 960-6155; 5863 Monticello Road, Alexandria, VA 
22303: Patrick Armijo.

ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(202) 638-2523; 1333 F Street, Suite 400, 20004: 
Pete Leffler.

AMERICAN BANKER--(202) 347-5529; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, 20005: Dean C. 
Anason, Matt Andrejczak, Scott Barancik, David Harrison, Alan Kline, 
Barbara A. Rehm, Jaret Seiberg, Louis Whiteman.

AMERICAN METAL MARKET--(202) 463-3738; 1627 K Street, 20036: Christian 
Bourge, Nancy E. Kelly.

ANATOLIA NEWS AGENCY--(301) 718-7966; 4450 South Park Avenue, #1614, Chevy 
Chase, MD 20815: Mehuet K. Cindemir.

ARAB NEWS--(703) 516-4837; 1535 N. Taylor Street, Arlington, VA 22207-3132: 
Barbara Ferguson.

ARIZONA REPUBLIC--(202) 662-7264; 1000 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jeffrey N. Barker.

ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
20045: Jane Fullerton, Patrick C. Howe, Susan Roth.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, 20045: 
Kathleen M. Eagen, Yoichi Kato, Takaaki Mizuno, Yoichi Nishimura, 
Jacqueline Schumacher, Heather H. Smith, Michael R. Stewart, Toru 
Takanarita, Atsuko Tsuji, Rachel Wolff, Kazuhiko Yamase.

ASIAN WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9274; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, 20036: 
Eduardo Lachica.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9400; 2021 K Street, 6th Floor, 20006: James R. 
Abrams, Donna Abu-Nasr, Curt L. Anderson, John J. Arnold, Laurence Arnold, 
Laurie Asseo, Jeannine Aversa, Nancy Benac, Timothy K. Bovee, Philip 
Brasher, Ted Bridis, David Briscoe, Robert Burns, Cassandra R. Burrell, 
Sally S. Buzbee, Richard Carelli, Janelle Carter, Connie Cass, Jean 
Christensen, Martin S. Crutsinger, John M. Diamond, Harry Dunphy, David M. 
Espo, Mike Feinsilber, Carole Feldman, Ronald Fournier, Alan Fram, Robert 
S. Furlow, Kevin Galvin, Anne R. Gearan, George Gedda, Robert Glass, Marcy 
G. Gordon, Lee A. Gould, Karen Gullo, Carl Hartman, Merrill J. Hartson, H. 
Josef Hebert, Earl Hinton, John Hughes, Anick Jesdanun, Glen Johnson, Sandy 
K. Johnson, Laurie A. Kellman, Douglas Kiker, Eun Kyung Kim, Slobodan 
Lekic, William J. Lester, Alice A. Love, Jennifer A. Loven, James W. 
Luther, William C. Mann, Lawrence N. Margasak, Shannon McCaffrey, Dennis 
McClinton, Anjetta McQueen, Walter R. Mears, Laura Meckler, Michelle 
Mittelstadt, Ary Moleon, David J. Morris, Laura Myers, Lauran Neergaard, 
David H. Pace, Mary R. Pennybacker, Ronald E. Powers, Melinda A. Purce, 
Libby Quaid, Thomas Raum, Paul Recer, Deb Riechmann-Kepler, Harry F. 
Rosenthal, Donald M. Rothberg, Jonathan D. Salant, Susanne Schafer, 
Randolph E. Schmid, Joseph S. Schuman, Barry Schweid, Paul Shepard, David 
W. Skidmore, Carolyn Skorneck, Michael J. Sniffen, Sandra J. Sobieraj, John 
F. Solomon, Kalpana Srinivasan, Catherine Strong, Darlene E. Superville, 
Donald C. Waters, Fletcher R. Webb, Joseph G. White, Jr., Jonathan P. 
Wolman, Cal Woodward, Sarah Wyatt, Matthew L. Yancey, Pete Yost.

ATLANTA JOURNAL-CONSTITUTION--(202) 887-8362; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, 20001: Rebecca Carr, Ken Foskett, Mark J. Sherman.

BALTIMORE SUN--(202) 452-8250; 1627 K Street, Suite 1100, 20006: Susan 
Baer, Tom Bowman, Lyle W. Denniston, David Folkenflik, Ellen Gamerman, Jack 
W. Germond, David L. Greene, Karen

[[Page 970]]

A. Hosler, Mark H. Matthews, Fred Monyak, John B. O'Donnell, Jr., Jonathan 
Weisman, Paul West, Jules Witcover.

BANGKOK POST--(703) 533-7653; 2721 North Jefferson Street, Arlington, VA 
22207: Pummarie Westgate.

BANGOR DAILY NEWS--(202) 397-2566; 1220 Maryland Avenue NE, 20002: John S. 
Day.

BASLER ZEITUNG--(202) 393-0434; 980 National Press Building, 20045: Peter 
Schibli.

BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE--(202) 554-0458; 6010 Trailside Drive, Springfield, VA 
22150: Joan McKinney.

BEIJING DAILY--(703) 892-5175; 2000 S. Eads Street, Arlington, VA 22202: 
Tao Li.

BIOWORLD TODAY--(202) 686-7916; 4401 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 400, 20043; 
Lisa Seachrist.

BLOOMBERG NEWS--(202) 434-1800; 228 National Press Building, 20045: William 
Arthur, Terrence A. Barrett, Anthony W. Capaccio, Laura Cohn, John R. 
Cranford, Vincent A. Del Giudice, Edward DeMarco, Robert A. Dobkin, Todd R. 
Eastham, W. Gerald Egger, Monee Fields-White, Heather Fleming, Vince Golle, 
Robert T. Greene, Charles S. Hawkins, Paul Heldman, Caitlin A. Hendel, 
Siobhan Hughes, Ann Hughey, Kristin Jensen, Richard D. Keil, Laura Litvan, 
Timothy Loughran, Judith M. Mathewson, Michael McKee, Mark McQuillan, Robin 
D. Meszoly, Daniel Moss, Noam Neusner, Paul Nyhan, Jeremy L. Pelofsky, 
Kristin Reed, John Rega, Brian Reid, Katherine M. Reynolds, Irene C. 
Ritter, Mark Rohner, Neil Roland, James C. Rowley, James H. Rubin, Roger D. 
Runningen, William F. Schmick, Emily B. Schwartz, Greg Stohr, Dina S. 
Temple-Raston, Jennifer S. Thomas, David Ward, Robert Wells, Mark Willen, 
Alan M. Wolf.

BOND BUYER--(202) 393-1270; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, 20005: Craig T. 
Ferris, Lynn S. Hume, Ola Kinnander, Rachel Koning, Daniel Meisler, Amy B. 
Resnick.

BOSTON GLOBE--(202) 857-5050; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 20036: 
John A. Farrell, Robert T. Hohler, Rosalind Jackler, Anne Kornblut, Michael 
A. Kranish, Mary C. Leonard, Thomas N. Oliphant, Louise Palmer, Annette R. 
Ruffner, Ann Scales, David Shribman, Cynthia A. Taylor, Aaron L. Zitner.

BOSTON HERALD--(202) 638-1796; 988 National Press Building, 20045: Andrew 
L. Miga.

BOVARD NEWS SERVICE--(301) 309-6817; 1345 Templeton Place, Rockville, MD 
20852: James Bovard.

BRIDGE NEWS--(202) 662-7100; 740 National Press Building, 20045: Doug 
Abrahms, Annie Alexander, Kathleen Balog, Rodney Christian, L. Kareema 
Clark, Christine Cordner, Richard Cowan, Jessica J. Dyson, Leonard G. 
FamigLietti, Samuel B Goldreich, Bruce Harmon, Andrea Hatch, Peter Kaplan, 
Anne Marie Kelly, John Lipold, Anne M. Maitrepierre, Steven K. Marcy, 
Elizabeth McKinley, Tina Petersen, Blair Pethel, Elizabeth Price, Avinoam 
Schneider, Robert L. Schroeder, Jr., Neil Stempleman, Patricia L. Thomas, 
Bill Tomson, Ori Twersky, Gregory L. Wright.

BUFFALO NEWS--(202) 737-3188; 1141 National Press Building, 20045: Douglas 
L. Turner, Jerry Zremski.

CBS MARKETWATCH--(202) 824-0553; 620 National Press Building, 20045: Rex 
Nutting, Lisa J. Ulmer.

CQ DAILY MONITOR--(202) 887-8515; 1414 22nd Street, 20036: Rebecca Adams, 
Martha Angle, Walter J. Barron, Jeffry Bartash, Andrew Beadle, Caroline E. 
Brown, Sumana Chatterjee, Emily Church, Suzanne Doughtery, Amy Fagan, 
Jackie Frank, Russell A. Freyman, James Geraghty, Phyllis A. Gilchrist, 
Robert M. Gravely, Robert E. Healy, Laura Hearnburg, Julie Hirschfeld, 
Peter H. King, Pherabe Kolb, Ian C. McCaleb, Elizabeth Palmer, Emily 
Pierce, Anthony L. Porretta, Stuart J. Robinson, Kathleen C. Silvassy, Ivan 
J. Snyder, Matthew Tully, Lisa Weintraub, Kinsey Wilson, Randall L. Wynn.

CALCUTTA TELEGRAPH--(202) 333-0941; 2225 39th Place, 20007: Seema Shrohi.

CAPITAL CONNECTIONS--(202) 337-2044; 1698 32nd Street, 20007: Karen Feld.

CASPER STAR-TRIBUNE--(202) 588-7437; 1415 Rhode Island Avenue, 20005: Jason 
C. Marsden.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3266; 3211 Fourth Street NE, 20017-1100: 
Julie L. Asher, Jerome F. Filteau, Barbara J. Fraze, Nancy J. Hartnagel, 
Nancy F. O'Brien, Louis A. Panarale, Mark Pattison, Jennifer E. Reed, 
Patricia J. Zapor, Carol Zimmerman.

CENTRAL DAILY NEWS--(301) 519-2349; 9633 Athens Place, Gaithersburg, MD 
20878: Suo-pung Chang.

CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-2738; 1173 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jay Chen, Nelson Chung, Herman Pan.

CHARLESTON POST-COURIER--(202) 340-8646; 628 Crocus Drive, Rockville, MD 
20850: Steve Piacente.

CHARLOTTE OBSERVER--(202) 383-6057; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Carol D. Leonnig.

CHATTANOOGA TIMES/FREE PRESS--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
20045: Andrew L. Sher.

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(202) 662-8808; 1206 National Press Building, 20045: 
Lynn Sweet.

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES SYNDICATE--(202) 393-4340; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, 
20006: Robert Novak.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 637-2030; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 20005: Terry 
Atlas, Naftali Bendavid, Mike Dorning, Glen R. Elsasser, Merrill Goozner, 
Jan C. Greenburg, Stephen J. Hedges, Frank E. James III, Michael D. Kilian, 
William R. Neikirk, Michael Tackett, Vickie Walton-James, James C. Warren, 
Dina White.

CHINA TIMES--(202) 662-7570; 952 National Press Building, 20045: Norman Fu.

CHINA YOUTH DAILY--(703) 271-4354; 1900 South Eads Street, #1104, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Xiang Weng.

[[Page 971]]

CHOSUN ILBO--(202) 783-4236; 1260 National Press Building, 20045: Doosik 
Park.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(202) 785-4400; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
20006: Gail R. Chaddock, Lawrence J. Goodrich, Peter Grier, Francine S. 
Kiefer, Jonathan S. Landay, Warren Richey, Linda Feldmann Roe, James N. 
Thurman, Ann Scott Tyson, James Tyson, James L. Tyson.

CHRONICLE OF HIGHER EDUCATION--(202) 446-1000; 1255 23rd Street, 20037: 
Jeffrey H. Brainard, Stephen Burd, Paulette W. Campbell, Patrick Healy, 
Sara Hebel, Peter G. Schmidt, Jeffrey J. Selingo.

CLARIN--(202) 737-4850; 1271 National Press Building, 20045: Ana Baron 
Supervielle.

CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 20045: 
Thomas J. Brazaitis, Thomas K. Diemer, Sabrina Eaton, Stephen Koff, 
Elizabeth A. Marchak, Nedra Shelly.

COLORADO SPRINGS GAZETTE--(202) 638-7473; 1240 National Press Building, 
20045: Mary Boyle.

COLUMBIA STATE--(202) 383-6023; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Michelle R. Davis.

COLUMBUS DISPATCH--(202) 347-3144; 1152 National Press Building, 20045: 
Roger K. Lowe, Jonathan Riskind.

COLUMBUS LEDGER-ENQUIRER--(202) 383-6045; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Nolan J. Walters.

COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, 20037: Arthur R. 
Brodsky.

CONGRESSDAILY--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, Suite 300, 20005: Lisa 
Caruso, Erica Cranston, Meredith E. Curtis, Keith Koffler, Charles 
Mitchell, Matthew Morrissey, Brody Mullins, Pamela Newman-Barnett, Stephen 
J. Norton, Louis M. Peck, Julie Rovner, Basil Talbott, Mark A. Wegner, 
Keith P. White.

CONGRESSIONAL INFORMATION BUREAU--(703) 516-4801; 3030 Clarendon Boulevard, 
Suite202, Arlington, VA 22201: Marc D. Cannistraro, Robert Cazalas, James 
F. LaRoue, Jr., Jeff Olnhausen.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 887-8500; 1414 22nd Street, 20037: Paul L. 
Anderson, Janet Austin, Robert A. Benenson, Susan Benkelman, Kristin 
Brainerd, Mary Agnes Carey, Dan Carney, Mike Christensen, Charles E. 
Conlon, Carroll Doherty, Philip D. Duncan, Karen Foerstel, Bonnie L. 
Forrest, Colette Fraley, Steve Gettinger, Gregory L. Giroux, Vanita Gowda, 
Alan Greenblatt, Mark Hankerson, Judith B. Hasson, David Hawkings, Heather 
A. Hope, Kerry L. Jones, Jeffrey L. Katz, Suzanne Kirchhoff, Jaculine M. 
Koszczuk, Thomas R. Lilleston, Gebe Martinez, Chuck McCutcheon, Robert 
Merry, Lori Nitschke, Brian W. Nutting, Alan K. Ota, Daniel J. Parks, Miles 
A. Pomper, Charles Pope, David Rapp, Jody Rupprecht, Cathy Shaw, Micaele 
Sparacino, Amy Stern, Andrew B. Taylor, Robert Tomkin, Pat Towell, Patrick 
J. Wilkinson, Derek Willis, Yee Ling Woo.

CONNECTICUT POST--(202) 546-4383; 115 E Street, SE, #103, 20003: Peter H. 
Urban.

COPLEY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 737-6960; 1100 National Press Building, 20045: 
Amy Bayer, George E. Condon, Jr., Toby Eckert, Stephen J. Green, Otto 
Kreisher, Finlay Lewis, Dori Meinert, Marcus A. Stern, Dana Wilkie.

CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(202) 879-6733; 450 National Press Building, 20045: 
Ennio Caretto.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 887-8334; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 20001: 
Andrew Alexander, Susan Burns, Ricky A. Christie, Arthur R. Dalglish, 
Robert E. Dart, Robert E. Deans, Jr., Andrew J. Glass, Elliot Jaspin, Larry 
Lipman, Julia Malone, Andrew R. Mollison, Eunice Moscoso, Jeff H. Nesmith, 
Tom Price, Mary Beth Regan, Scott Shepard, Frank R. Tedards.

CREATORS SYNDICATE--(202) 662-1255; 1009 National Press Building, 20045: 
Mark Shields.

CUMHURIYET--(703) 931-6701; 3902 Keller Avenue, Alexandria, VA 22302: Fuat 
Kozluklu.

DAGENS NYHETER--(202) 429-0134; 1726 M Street, 20036: Kurt Malarstedt.

DAILY OKLAHOMAN--(202) 662-7543; 914 National Press Building, 20045: Chris 
Casteel, Mark D. Green.

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(202) 661-8421; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 20005: 
Catalina Camia, Robert Dodge, Susan Feeney, G. Robert Hillman, David M. 
Jackson, David LaGesse, James M. Landers, Carl P. Leubsdorf, Katherine 
Lewis, Richard Whittle.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS--(202) 887-8328; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
20006: Scott Montgomery.

DE VOLKSKRANT--(301) 469-6153; 8209 Beech Tree Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Bert J. Lanting.

DEEP DIXIE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 547-4779; 15 3rd Street NE, #4, 20002: 
Virginia D. Robicheaux.

DEFENSE DAILY--(703) 522-5653; 1111 N. 19th Street, Suite 503, 22209: David 
Atkinson, Sheila Foote, Hunter C. Keeter, Vago Muradian, John A. Robinson, 
Frank J. Wolfe.

DER TAGESSPEIGEL--(202) 234-2168; 1656-B Euclid Street, 20009: Robert von 
Rimscha.

DES MOINES REGISTER--(703) 907-5002; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th Floor, 
Arlington, VA 22229: George P. Anthan, Donald W. Kaul, Jane M. Norman, 
Kenneth W. Pins.

DESERET NEWS--(202) 737-5311; 1061 National Press Building, 20045: Lee 
Davidson.

DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 383-6036; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Melanie E. Eversley, Janet L. Fix.

DETROIT NEWS--(202) 662-7370; 1148 National Press Building, 20045: Kenneth 
Cole, Dina Elboghdady, David Mastio, Deborah J. Price, Richard A. Ryan, 
Bradley Stertz, April Taylor, Lisa Zagaroli.

DIE PRESSE--(202) 986-7203; 1750 Euclid Street, 20009: Monica A. Riedler.

DIE WELT--(301) 983-4177; 11148 Powderhorn Drive, Potomac, MD 20854: Gerd 
Brueggemann, Manfred Rowold.

DONG-A ILBO--(202) 347-4907; 974 National Press Building, 20045: Euntaek 
Hong.

[[Page 972]]

DONREY MEDIA GROUP--(202) 783-1760; 937 National Press Building, 20045: 
Tony Batt, Christine M. Dorsey, Stephan R. Tetreault, Clyde Weiss.

DOW JONES NEWS SERVICE--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
20036: Mark Anderson, Kim Archer, Jeffrey P. Bater, Judith Burns, John 
Connor, Erik Heinicke, Carl A. Johnston, Laurin A. Keto, Dawn Kopecki, 
Bryan Lee, Fowler W. Martin, Otesa Middleton, Damian Milverton, Jonathan 
Nicholson, Henry J. Pulizzi, Jr., Joseph Rebello, Scott Ritter, Humberto 
Sanchez, Campion Walsh, Mark Wigfield.

EFE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 745-7692; 1252 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maria L. Azpiazu, Jorge Banales, Jose Delgado, Rafael Canas Fernandez, 
Rosendo Majano, Juan R. Romero, Emilio Sanchez, Patricia Souza, Santiago 
Tavara.

ECONOMIC DAILY--(703) 528-7546; 1001 N. Randolph Street, Suite 611, 22201: 
Zhengxin Li.

EDUCATION DAILY--(703) 739-6467; 1101 King Street, Suite 444, Alexandria, 
VA 22314: Esmeralda Barnes, William J. Cahir, Jonathan Fox, Darren Goode, 
Joseph Heim, Rob Jennings, Eli J. Lake, Jane McKee.

EL COMERCIO--(703) 266-6920; 14401 Four Chimney Drive, Centreville, VA 
20120-3219: Miguel H. Vivanco.

EL ESPECTADOR--(301) 589-3742; 1400 East West Highway, Suite 1529, Silver 
Spring, MD 20910: Marcela Sanchez.

EL FINANCIERO--(703) 707-0236; 2300 Darius Lane, Reston, VA: Dolia Estevez.

EL GRAFICO--(703) 360-2997; 8907 Battery Road, Alexandria, VA 22308-2805: 
Cesar A. Orantes.

EL MERCURIO--(202) 342-0314; 3333 N Street, #1, 20007: Juan M. Vial.

EL NORTE & REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1265 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maria I. Gonzalez.

EL NUEVO DIA--(202) 662-7360; 1255 National Press Building, 20045: Leonor 
Mulero.

EL PAIS--(202) 638-1533; 1134 National Press Building, 20045: Renwick 
McLean, Francisco Javier Valenzuela.

EL TIEMPO--(202) 686-1641; 4501 Connecticut Avenue, #1102, 20008: Sergio 
Gomez Maseri.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 662-7190; 801 National Press Building, 20045: Jose 
Carreno.

EL VOCERO DE PUERTO RICO--(301) 809-0518; 11900 Bracken Court, Bowie, MD 
20720: Lina Younes.

ELEFTHEROS TYPOS--(202) 388-0355; P.O. Box 2391, 20013: Lambros 
Papantoniou.

ENERGY DAILY--(202) 662-9739; 627 National Press Building, 20045: Howard 
Buskirk, Christopher P. Holly, Llewellyn King, George Lobsenz.

FAIRCHILD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 639-6900; 601 13th Street, Suite 520 South, 
20005: Jim Ostroff, Joanna Ramey, Susan W. Watters.

FEDERAL FILINGS BUSINESS NEWS--(202) 628-9787; 1250 H Street, 11th Floor, 
20005: Clinton Barkdoll, Jonathan Berke, Neil Cantor, Daniel P. Cohen, 
Patti J. Dennis, Christian F. Guadalupe, Kevin Guerrero, Ian Halpern, Eric 
D. Hannan, Lesette Heath, Alan Hennagir, Harold J. Levey, Chi Nguyen, Teri 
Rucker, David Schepp, Jeff St. Onge, LaWanda Stone, Brian A. Tunison.

FT. LAUDERDALE SUN-SENTINEL--(202) 824-8256; 1325 G Street, NW, 20005: 
William E. Gibson, Rafael Lorente.

FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM--(202) 383-6101; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Ron M. Hutcheson, Maria E. Recio, Michael D. Towle.

FRANKFURTER ALLGEMEINE ZEITUNG--(202) 342-3803; 3111 Hawthorne Street, 
20008: Carola Kaps, Leo Wieland.

FRANKFURTER RUNDSCHAU--(202) 265-7240; 1624 19th Street NE, Apt. 301, 
20009: Martin E. Winter.

FUTURES WORLD NEWS--(202) 842-0800; 1000 Vermont Avenue, Suite 810, 20005: 
Michael S. Derby, Michael Duncan, Barbara Etzel, Brett A. Ferguson, William 
L. Watts, Zenon Zawada.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 276-5800; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 
22229: Caesar Andrews, Greg Barrett, Jeanette Barrett-Stokes, Paul C. 
Barton, Penny Bender, Robert Benincasa, Ken Bennett, Larry Bivins, Nancy L. 
Blair, James Bole, Lark Borden, Norm Brewer, Pamela A. Brogan, Dennis 
Camire, Ronald E. Cohen, Deborah M. Colaianni, Christina W. Collins, Dinah 
Eng, Ellyn Ferguson, Jon Frandsen, James R. Golden, John M. Hanchette, 
Billy House, J. Ford Huffman, David Judson, Deborah Kalb, Erin V. Kelly, 
Theresa Klisz, Jervis Langdon, George Lawrence, Jennifer E. Mabry, John W. 
Machacek, Marie Marino, Tom McDonough, Elizabeth Neus, John J. Omicinski, 
Scott Owens, Claude Philip Pruitt, Charles Raasch, Fredreka Schouten, Craig 
Schwed, Jim Specht, Jeffrey Stinson, Gerry Storch, Angela B. Terrell, Brian 
J. Tumulty, Carl Weiser, Lawrence R. Wheeler, Richard Whitmire, John 
Yaukey.

GAS DAILY--(703) 816-8643; 1600 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22209: 
Hiram Reisner, Veeree Trangtrakul.

GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 662-1220; 969 National Press Building, 
20045: James P. Anderson, Gabriele Chwallek, Hanns-Jochen Kaffsack, David 
T. McIntyre, Holger Schmale, Richard J. Tomkins, Herbert Winkler, Agostino 
della Porta.

GESTION--(301) 279-9109; P.O. Box 1887, Rockville, MD 20849-1887: Vladimir 
Kocerha.

[[Page 973]]

GLOBAL HORIZONS SYNDICATE--(202) 659-1921; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, 
20036: Edward Flattau.

GRIFFIN-LARRABEE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 554-3579; 2404 Davis Avenue, 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Betty Mills.

GUANGMING DAILY--(202) 363-0628; 4816 Butterworth Place, 20016-4357: Fukang 
Xue.

HA'ARETZ--(202) 332-0978; 2601 Woodley Place, 20008: Nitzan Horowitz.

HAN-KYOREH SHINMUN--(703) 329-0975; 5980 Richmond Highway, Suite 111, 
Alexandria, VA 22203: Yun Joo Jung.

HANKOOK ILBO--(202) 783-2674; 961 National Press Building, 20045: Jae Min 
Shin.

HARRISBURG PATRIOT-NEWS--(202) 383-7833; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, 20036: Brett Lieberman.

HARTFORD COURANT--(202) 822-8040; 1730 Rhode Island Ave., Suite 300, 20036: 
Rene E. Brown, David Lightman, John A. MacDonald, Michael A. Remez.

HEALTH NEWS DAILY--(301) 657-9830; 5550 Friendship Boulevard, Suite 1, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: Nellie O. Bristol, Amy S. Landa, Joel Mandelman, 
Denise Peterson, Anne Petruska, John M. Zakotnik.

HEARST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, 20006: Kristin 
Collie, Jennifer C. Dooren, Dan Freedman, Katie Harrison, Mark Helm, Judy 
Holland, Charles J. Lewis, Susanna McBee, Marianne Means, Stewart M. 
Powell, Eric M. Rosenberg.

HELSINGIN SANOMAT--(202) 955-7956; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: Tomi 
Ervamaa.

HINDU--(301) 654-9038; 4701 Willard Avenue, Suite 1531, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Sridhar Krishnaswami.

HINDUSTAN TIMES--(703) 931-9038; 5597 Seminary Road, #2204-S, Falls Church, 
VA 22041: Nambalat C. Menon.

HOKKAIDO SHIMBUN--(202) 783-6033; 1232 National Press Building, 20045: 
Shinichiro Sakikawa.

HOLLYWOOD REPORTER--(202) 737-2828; 733 15th Street, Suite 510, 20005: 
Brooks Boliek.

HONG KONG STANDARD--(301) 942-2442; P.O. Box 571, Garrett Park, MD 20896: 
Charles A. Snyder.

HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(202) 393-6880; 1341 G Street, Suite 201, 20005: John C. 
Henry, Cragg Hines, David Ivanovich, Steven M. Lash, Nancy Mathis, Greg 
McDonald, Bennett Roth, Judy B. Wiessler.

HURRIYET DAILY--(703) 526-9829; 1530 North Key Boulevard, #432, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Esen Unur.

IL GIORNALE--(202) 338-4226; 4609 Foxhall Crescent, 20007: Chiantaretto 
Mariuccia.

INDEPENDENT NEWSPAPERS OF S.AFRICA--(202) 783-1570; 960-C National Press 
Building, 20045: Rich Mkhondo.

INDIANAPOLIS STAR-NEWS--(202) 662-7261; 1000 National Press Building, 
20045: David L. Haase.

INTER PRESS SERVICE--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 20045: 
Abid H. Aslam, Yvette J. Collymore, Danielle Knight, James P. Lobe.

INTERFAX NEWS AGENCY--(703) 931-4482; 4500 S. Four Mile Run Drive, #213, 
Arlington, VA 22204: Serge P. Duhanov.

INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE--(202) 334-7418; 1150 15th Street, 20071: 
Brian B. Knowlton.

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(202) 737-5003; 1317 F Street, Suite 930, 20004: 
Matthew K. Benjamin, John Berlau, Ira Carnahan, Michael Chapman, Brian P. 
Mitchell, Daniel J. Murphy, Paul Sperry, Aaron Steelman.

IRISH TIMES--(301) 320-2308; 6221 Redwing Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: Joe 
Carroll.

ITAR-TASS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 20045: 
Sergey A. Khabotin, Ivan Lebedev, Andrei K. Sitov, Andrey A. Surzhanskiy.

JAWA POS--(202) 822-8841; 2122 Massachusetts Avenue, #133, 20008: Ramadhan 
Pohan.

JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(202) 737-0935; 1025 Vermont Avenue, Suite 1140, 
20005: Matthew Dorf, Daniel Kurtzman.

JIEFANG DAILY--(202) 363-0628; 4816 Butterworth Place, 20016: Xiuji Wu.

JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, 20045: Narra N. 
Briscoe, Hideaki Matsuda, Shinichiro Muraoka, Kenro Nagoshi, Hiroyuki 
Nakagawa, Yasushi Tomiyama, Keisuke Yamada.

JOONG ANG ILBO--(202) 347-0121; 839 National Press Building, 20045: Chang 
Keuk Moon, Jeong-Woo Kil, Jong Soo Kim.

JORNAL DO BRASIL--(301) 320-5296; 5302 Albemarle Street, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Maria Flavia Sekles.

JOURNAL NEWSPAPERS--(703) 846-8330; 6408 Edsall Road, Alexandria, VA 22312: 
Gordon Lubold.

JOURNAL OF COMMERCE--(202) 661-3366; 1230 National Press Building, 20045: 
Richard Lawrence, Heidi Przybyla, William L. Roberts, III, Timothy J. 
Sansbury, Ripley Watson, III.

JYLLANDS-POSTEN--(202) 965-4279; 1934 35th Street, 20007: Michael Ulveman.

KANSAS CITY STAR--(202) 383-6000; 700 National Press Building, 20045: David 
Goldstein, Kevin Q. Murphy.

KIPLING NEWS SERVICE--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906-3873: Bogdan Kipling.

KNIGHT RIDDER NEWSPAPERS--(202) 383-6000; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Beryl L. Adcock, Elsa C. Arnett, Seth B. Borenstein, Robert J. Boyd, 
Kathleen Carroll, Joyce M. Davis, Derrick

[[Page 974]]

K. Depledge, John M. Donnelly, Jodi A. Enda, Aaron B. Epstein, Colleen 
Fitzpatrick, Frank J. Greve, David W. Hess, James L. Kuhnhenn, Donna 
Leinwand, Ushe McFarling, Mary C. Otto, Richard Parker, Anthony Pugh, 
Robert A. Rankin, Tracy A. Reeves, Brigid Schulte, Judith A. Serrin, Steven 
R. Thomma, Morris Thompson, John L. Walcott, Larry E. Williams.

KOREA ECONOMIC DAILY--(202) 347-2014; 909 National Press Building, 20045: 
Bong Jin Yang.

KOREA TIMES--(202) 783-2674; 961 National Press Building, 20045: Yong-Boum 
Cho.

KUWAIT NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 20045: 
Faisal Alzaid, James C. Flanigan.

KYODO NEWS SERVICE--(202) 347-5767; 400 National Press Building, 20045: 
Masaaki Aoki, Corbett B. Daly, Paul E. Flatin, Yasushi Fujii, Tomoki Ihara, 
Yoshio Miyasaka, Shinichi Nakamura, Kazuyoshi Nishikura, Hiroshi Okabe, 
Kazuaki Otsuji, Yuriko Sumikawa, Keiji Urakami.

L'ORIENT - LE JOUR--(202) 342-1213; 1045 31st Street, Apt. 304, 20007: 
Wafik Ramadan.

LA JORNADA--(202) 547-5852; 132 N. Carolina Avenue, SE, 20003: David 
Brooks, James Cason.

LA NACION--(202) 628-7907; 901 National Press Building, 20045: Maria 
O'Donnell.

LA NAZIONE--(202) 347-0245; 450 National Press Building, 20045: Cesare De 
Carlo.

LA OPINION--(202) 662-1240; 962 National Press Building, 20045: Maribel 
Hastings.

LA STAMPA--(202) 347-5233; 916-A National Press Building, 20045: Andrea di 
Robilant.

LA TRIBUNA--(202) 737-5349; 960-A National Press Building, 20045: Jacobo 
Goldstein.

LAHONTAN VALLEY NEWS--(301) 951-9590; 5500 Park Street, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: David C. Henley.

LE FIGARO--(202) 342-3199; 1228 30th Street, 20007: Jean-Jacques Mevel.

LE MAURICIEN--(301) 424-3884; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

LE MONDE--(202) 237-0620; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #710, 20008: Patrice De 
Beer.

LEGI-SLATE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 898-2353; 10 G Street NE, Suite 500, 20002: 
Bill L. Ghent, Katherine E. Harris, Robert O'Neill, Margaret Peterson, 
Michael L. Posner, Justin Pritchard, Spencer Rich, David T. Safford, Nancy 
J. Schwerzler, Karen L. Scrivo, Richard Sia, George C. Wilson.

LEXINGTON HERALD-LEADER--(202) 383-6050; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Gail Gibson.

LIBERATION--(202) 298-8580; 1524 34th Street, 20007: Patrick Ruel.

LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5195; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20004: Hugh Davies, Hugo Gurdon, Penelope Walker.

LONDON EVENING STANDARD--(301) 270-1022; 8 Jefferson Avenue, Takoma Park, 
MD 20912: E. Lauren Chambliss.

LONDON FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 289-5474; 700 13th Street, 20005: Ayda 
Atallah, Gerard Baker, Nancy Dunne, Stephen Fidler, Nancy S. McCord, 
Deborah McGregor, Lewis M. Suzman, Richard Wolffe.

LONDON GUARDIAN--(202) 223-2486; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, #502, 20036: 
Julian Borger, Martin Kettle.

LONDON INDEPENDENT--(202) 467-4460; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: Mary 
Dejevsky, Andrew R. Marshall.

LONDON SUN--(301) 588-0002; 9508 Ocala Street, Silver Spring, MD 20901: 
Leon Wagener.

LONDON SUNDAY TELEGRAPH--(202) 628-4823; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20004: David Wastell.

LONDON SUNDAY TIMES--(202) 333-9616; 4828 W Street, 20007: Matthew T. 
Campbell.

LONDON TIMES--(202) 347-7659; 446 National Press Building, 20045: B.R.P. 
Macintyre, Kate Muir, Damian Whitworth.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 484-8255; 1128 National Press Building, 
20045: David F. Pike, Daniel A. Shaw.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(202) 293-4650; 1875 I Street, Suite 1100, 20006: Rudy 
P. Abramson, Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Nick Anderson, Geraldine Baum, 
Stephen Braun, Ronald Brownstein, Glenn F. Bunting, Edwin Chen, Marlene 
Cimons, Steve Clark, Richard Cooper, Robert Drogin, Faye Fiore, Patricia A. 
Ford, Don Frederick, Sam Fulwood III, James R. Gerstenzang, Lisa Getter, 
Adrianne Goodman, Peter G. Gosselin, Melissa Healy, Janet Hook, Robert L. 
Jackson, Vicki Kemper, Norman Kempster, Marc Lacey, Eric Lichtblau, James 
H. Mann, Tyler Marshall, Thomas McCarthy, Doyle McManus, Alan C. Miller, 
Jack Nelson, Johanna Neuman, Ronald J. Ostrow, Judy Pasternak, Jonathan 
Peterson, Art Pine, Paul Richter, James Robinson, Robert Rosenblatt, Alissa 
J. Rubin, Phillip Ruiz, David G. Savage, Esther Schrader, Richard A. 
Serrano, Jube Shiver, Jr., Robert Shogan, Elizabeth Shogren, Richard J. 
Simon, Warren Vieth, Robin Wright.

LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL--(703) 276-5423; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th 
Floor, Arlington, VA 22229: James R. Carroll.

MAGYAR SZO--(202) 797-6188; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, #207, 20036: Tibor 
Purger.

MAINICHI NEWSPAPERS--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, 20045: 
Hiroshi Fuse, Yoshiyuki Itsumi, Yoshinori Nakai, Katsuyoshi Seimiya, Shiro 
Segawa, Eileen Sugai, Akio Takahata.

MALAYSIAN NEWS AGENCY--(703) 237-6182; 2108 Glenn Spring Court, Falls 
Church, VA 22043: Salmy M. Hashim.

[[Page 975]]

MARKET NEWS SERVICE--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 20045: 
Marco S. Babic, Steven K. Beckner, Denny Gulino, Kevin P. Kastner, Chris 
Middleton, Joseph E. Plocek, Robert G. Robinson, Jr., Heather Scott, John 
T. Shaw, David M. Sherrell, Nikolai von Goihman.

MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS--(202) 383-0001; 624 National Press Building, 20045: 
Les Blumenthal, Michael Bold, Muriel Dobbin, Michael Doyle, Mary Johnson-
Settles, Lawrence M. O'Rourke, Leo Rennert, James M. Rosen, Herbert A. 
Sample, David L. Westphal, David L. Whitney.

MCCLENDON NEWS SERVICE--(301) 320-7581; 6904 River Road, #104, Bethesda, MD 
20817: David M. MacDonald, Sarah McClendon.

MEDCAST--(202) 662-7326; 1290 National Press Building, 20045: Sean Martin.

MEDIA GENERAL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7664; 1214 National Press Building, 
20045: John N. Hall, Mark Johnson, Gilbert F. Klein, Richard F. Lee, Robert 
E. Marlowe, Marsha D. Mercer.

MIAMI HERALD--(202) 383-6054; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Frank 
Davies, Christopher Marquis.

MILITARY UPDATE--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 1230, Centreville, VA 22020: 
Thomas R. Philpott.

MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
20045: Frank A. Aukofer, Craig Gilbert, Carol Guensburg, Becky A. Hawryluk.

MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 457-5171; 1627 I Street, Suite 800, 20006: 
Leonor A. Briscoe, Gregory Gordon, Tom Hamburger, Rob Hotakainen.

MUNHWA ILBO--(301) 434-1021; 10108 Devere Court, Silver Spring, MD 20903: 
Chul-Soo Chin.

NRC HANDELSBLAD--(202) 363-6944; 4219 Chesapeake Street, 20016: Juurd 
Eijsvoogel.

NACHRICHTEN FUER AUSSENHANDEL--(202) 662-7415; 412 National Press Building, 
20045: Rainer S. Lindberg.

NATIONAL JOURNAL'S TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(703) 519-6374; 3129 Mount Vernon 
Avenue, Alexandria, VA 22305: Drew Clark, Juliana Gruenwald, Stephanie 
Lash, Sharon A. McLoone, Rory J. O'Connor, Peter Orvetti, Bara Vaida, 
Rebecca Weiner.

NATIONAL NEWS-RESEARCH SYNDICATE--(202) 223-1196; 500 23rd Street, 20037: 
Ralph De Toledano.

NETHERLANDS PRESS ASSOCIATION--(703) 938-7715; 520 Woodland Court, Vienna, 
VA 22180: John Wanders.

NEW HAVEN REGISTER--(202) 737-5654; 1331 F Street, Suite 400, 20004: Lolita 
Baldor.

NEW ORLEANS TIMES-PICAYUNE--(202) 383-7861; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, 20036: Bruce S. Alpert, John G. McQuaid, Bill Walsh.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6670; 1615 M Street, Suite 720, 20036: 
Kenneth R. Bazinet, Timothy J. Burger, William Goldschlag, Lars-Erik 
Nelson, Richard P. Sisk.

NEW YORK POST--(202) 393-1787; 1114 National Press Building, 20045: Brian 
Blomquist, Vincent Morris, Deborah Orin, Marilyn Rauber.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, 20006: Jill 
Abramson, Lizette Alvarez, Von Aulston, Janet Battaile, Elizabeth Becker, 
James Bennet, Richard L. Berke, David Binder, Raymond Bonner, Monica C. 
Borkowski, Joel Brinkley, John M. Broder, Frank A. Bruni, Francis X. 
Clines, Adam Clymer, John H. Cushman, Jr., James Dao, Jason DeParle, 
Maureen Dowd, John Files III, Thomas L. Friedman, Jeff Gerth, Maya Gorman, 
Linda J. Greenhouse, Janis Harland, Melinda Henneberger, Steven Holmes, 
Michael Janofsky, David Johnston, Rebecca Knight, Stephen Labaton, Carl H. 
Lavin, Warren E. Leary, Neil A. Lewis, Melissa McNamara, Clifton E. 
Meadows, Alison Mitchell, Irvin D. Molotsky, Steven L. Myers, Michael 
Oreskes, Robert L. Pear, Jane Perlez, Kathleen A. Phillips, James E. Risen, 
David E. Rosenbaum, Ann E. Rubin, William Safire, David E. Sanger, Marc 
Santora, Eric Schmitt, Elaine Sciolino, Katharine Q. Seelye, Thomas D. 
Shanker, Philip Shenon, Ronald Skarzenski, Sarah L. Smucker, Richard W. 
Stevenson, Sheryl Stolberg, David G. Stout, Don Van Natta Jr., Matthew L. 
Wald, Tim Weiner.

NEW YORK TIMES CYBERTIMES--(202) 744-3226; 1627 I Street, 20006: Jeri 
Clausing.

NEW YORK TIMES REGIONAL NEWSPAPERS--(202) 862-0394; 1627 I Street, Suite 
700, 20006: Catherine Hollingsworth, Carl Hulse.

NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 383-7800; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, 20036: 
David E. Anderson, Adelle M. Banks, Miles R. Benson, Dale H. Bourke, R. 
Michael Brumas, Constance Casey, Robert Cohen, Brett Davis, Robert Gavin, 
Joseph T. Hallinan, Michael J. Hardy, Sam L. Hodges, Deborah Howell, Sarah 
M. Kellogg, Terence J. Kivlan, Michael J. Magner, JoAnn Moriarty, Jim 
Nesbitt, J. Scott Orr, Ira Rifkin, Delia M. Rios, Ryan Rockwood, Claudia M. 
Sans, Jonathan Tilove, Margie Wylie.

NEWSBYTES--(703) 751-4927; 2901 Seay Street, Alexandria, VA 22314: Robert 
MacMillan.

NEWSDAY--(202) 626-8476; 1730 Pennsylvania Avenue, #850, 20006: Deborah 
Barfield, Marie Cocco, William G. Douglas, Kenneth Fireman, Roy W. Gutman, 
Anne Q. Hoy, Earl Lane, James P. Pinkerton, Elaine S. Povich, Gaylord D. 
Shaw, Patrick J. Sloyan, James S. Toedtman, Ellen Yan.

NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE ASSOCIATION--(301) 365-4466; 8707 Burning Tree Road, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Robert Wagman.

NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 636 National Press Building, 20045: Kiyoshi Ando, 
Christina Bilski, Kanako Chiba, Shintaro Ikeuchi, Stephen R. Keefe, Shigeru 
Komago, Tetsu Machida, Akihiko Miyamoto, Masaaki Muramatsu, Hitoshi Omae, 
Tsuyoshi Sunohara.

[[Page 976]]

NISHI NIPPON--(202) 393-5812; 1012 National Press Building, 20045: Megumi 
Kikuchi.

NORTHWEST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 546-2547; 316 3rd Street, NE, 20002: Lawrence 
A. Swisher.

NORWEGIAN NEWS AGENCY--(301) 229-4500; 5315 Westpath Way, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Helge Ogrim.

NOTIMEX-MEXICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5227; 425 National Press Building, 
20045: Jesus P. Esquivel, Jose Lopez, Ramon Rodriguez Reyna.

O ESTADO DE S. PAULO--(202) 682-3752; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 20005: 
Paulo Sotero, Monica Yanakiew.

OIL DAILY--(202) 662-0700; 1401 New York Avenue, Suite 500, 20005: 
Kimberley A. Music.

OLIPHANT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 298-7226; 4816 W Street, 20007: Cortright W. 
Oliphant, John L. Oliphant, Robert C. Oliphant.

OMAHA WORLD-HERALD--(202) 662-7270; 836 National Press Building: David C. 
Beeder, Matt Kelley, Jake Thompson.

ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER--(202) 628-6381; 1295 National Press Building, 
20045: Dena Bunis.

OREGONIAN--(202) 383-7800; 1101 L Street, Suite 300, 20036: James C. 
Barnett, David L. Hogan.

ORLANDO SENTINEL--(202) 824-8229; 1325 G Street, 20005: Sean M. Holton, 
Tamara Lytle.

PALM BEACH POST--(202) 887-8340; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 20001: 
Laurence M. Lipman.

PEOPLE'S DAILY--(202) 966-2285; 3706 Massachusetts Avenue, 20016: Zhang 
Liang, Ma Shikun, Zhang Young.

PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(202) 383-6048; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Steven L. Goldstein.

PHILIPPINE INQUIRER--(703) 685-2665; 841 S. Glebe Road, Arlington, VA 
22204: Josefina L. Ilustre.

PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE/TOLEDO BLADE--(202) 662-7070; 955 National Press 
Building, 20045: Karen MacPherson, Judy Packer-Tursman, Jack Torry, Michael 
Woods.

PLATT'S OILGRAM NEWS--(202) 383-2251; 1200 G Street, Suite 1100, 20005: 
Maureen Lorenzetti.

POLISH PRESS AGENCY--(202) 879-6780; 821 National Press Building, 20045: 
Witold T. Zalewski.

PORTLAND PRESS HERALD--(202) 488-1119; 206 North Edison Street, Arlington, 
VA 22203: Stephen W. Campbell.

POTOMAC NEWS--(703) 878-8064; 14010 Smoketown Road, Woodbridge, VA 22192: 
Ronald L. Hawkins.

PRESS TRUST OF INDIA--(301) 951-8657; 4450 South Park Avenue, Suite 1719, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: T.V. Parasuram.

PROVIDENCE JOURNAL-BULLETIN--(202) 661-8423; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 
20005: John E. Mulligan, Philip Terzian.

RIA NOVOSTI--(301) 657-8256; 4701 Willard Avenue, #410, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Arkadiy Orlov.

REFORMA--(202) 628-1775; 1126 National Press Building, 20045: Cesar Romero.

RESTRUCTURING TODAY--(202) 298-8201; 4418 MacArthur Boulevard, 20007: 
Michele Coleman, George Spencer.

REUTERS--(202) 898-8300; 1333 H Street, Suite 410, 20005: Charles J. 
Abbott, Charles Aldinger, Victoria L. Allen, Melissa R. Bland, Anthony 
Boadle, Caren Bohan, Andrew G. Clark, Patrick Connole, Roanne B. Daniels, 
Timothy H. Dobbyn, Tom Doggett, Alan Elsner, Knut Engelmann, Adam B. 
Entous, Edward Evans, Alexander Ferguson, Thomas M. Ferraro, Maggie Fox, 
Vanessa E. Furlong, Richard Garcia, Carol A. Giacomo, Steven H. Ginsburg, 
Peter Golkin, Janet Guttsman, Barbara Hagenbaugh, Steve Holland, Richard 
Hoskins, Stacey A. Joyce, Stephen A. Jukes, Michael D. Kahn, Joanne Kenen, 
David A. Lawsky, Greg A. McCune, Laurence McQuillan, Randall Mikkelsen, 
Arshad A. Mohammed, Joseph Montoya, Joanne E. Morrison, Susan E. Pleming, 
John Poirier, Aaron Pressman, Peter A. Ramjug, Lisa Richwine, Timothy F. 
Ryan, Donna M. Smith, Glenn F. Somerville, Vicky J. Stamas, David Storey, 
Peter A. Szekely, Katherine Trinidad, James Vicini, Julie Vorman, Nancy H. 
Waitz, Mark Weinraub, John L. Whitesides, David A. Wiessler, Patricia 
Wilson, James H. Wolf, Jonathan A. Wright, Deborah Zabareno, Tabassum 
Zakaria.

RHEINISCHE POST--(301) 251-2367; 1979 Lancashire Drive, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Peter Rzeznitzeck.

RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH--(202) 662-7669; 1214 National Press Building, 
20045: Peter Hardin.

ROCKY MOUNTAIN NEWS--(202) 408-2718; 1090 Vermont Avenue, 10th Floor, 
20005: Michael Romano.

ROLL CALL REPORT SYNDICATE--(202) 737-1888; 1257-B National Press Building, 
20045: Cora R. Hoopes, Richard G. Thomas.

SABAH--(703) 425-3846; 5432 Midship Court, Burke, VA 22015: Savas Suzal.

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS--(202) 943-9237; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 
20006: Gary R. Martin.

SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 737-7100; 1085 National Press Building, 
20045: Louis Freedberg, Julia R. House, Carolyn Lochhead, Marc Sandalow.

SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, Ste. 610, 
20006: Christopher J. Matthews.

SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS--(202) 383-6047; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
James M. Puzzanghera, David L. Wilson.

SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2842; 330 National Press Building, 20045: 
Tatsushi Doi, Yukio Kashiyama, Toru Maeda, Masahiro Nakata, B. Scott 
Stewart.

[[Page 977]]

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 861-0324; 1155 15th Street, Suite 1111, 20005: 
Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa A. Bashir, Alfred T. Canahuate, Dean Dessouky, 
Azeddine Labriny, Melanie G. Tatum.

SCHLEIN NEWS BUREAU--(202) 544-5893; 308 East Capitol Street, Apt. 9, 
20003: Alan M. Schlein.

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 408-1484; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
10,000, 20005: Jay Ambrose, Roger D. Anderson, Curtis Lee Bowman, James W. 
Brosnan, Peter M. Copeland, Mary Deibel, Joseph R. Donatelli, Robert 
Friedman, Lance C. Gay, Charlotte Grimes, Laurel E. Hackett, Thomas K. 
Hargrove, Michael Hedges, Lisa Hoffman, John S. Lang, John H. Lindsay, Joan 
A. Lowy, Jennifer Maddox, Dale B. McFeatters, Jeff Miller, David Nielsen, 
Jim O'Connell, Thomas O'Toole, Henry Payne, Richard Powelson, Pamela 
Reeves, Martin Schram, Rachel Smolkin, Bill Straub, Dan K. Thomasson, Alan 
R. Thompson, Karen Timmons, Mark A. Tomasik, Walter K. Veazey, Jessica 
Wehrman, Martha W. Wilson.

SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER--(202) 943-9229; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 
610, 20006: Michael Paulson.

SEATTLE TIMES--(202) 662-7455; 1155 National Press Building, 20045: James 
V. Grimaldi, Daniel Westneat.

SEGYE TIMES--(202) 637-0587; 909 National Press Building, 20045: Kiyon Kuk.

SEKAI NIPPO--(703) 255-5357; P.O. Box 278, Oakton, VA 22184: Akira 
Yamamoto, Yuji Yokoyama.

SEOUL DAILY NEWS--(202) 393-4061; 1126 National Press Building, 20045: Chul 
Ho Choi.

SHANGHAI WEN HUI BAO--(703) 521-2371; 1600 South Eads Street, #1134-N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Ci Guihang.

SHEARER AND GLEN NEWS ENTERPRISE--(202) 462-6070; P.O. Box 39116, 20016: 
Andrew Fleming, Cody P. Shearer, Sergio S. Zufferey.

SING TAO DAILY--(703) 415-7979; 1515 Jefferson Davis Highway, 1020, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Li Li.

SINGAPORE STRAITS TIMES--(202) 662-8726; 916 National Press Building, 
20045: Siew H. Lee.

SMALL NEWSPAPER GROUP--(202) 662-7240; 1183 National Press Building, 20045: 
Edward R. Felker, Angela Greiling.

SOUTHAM NEWS OF CANADA--(202) 662-7225; 1206 National Press Building, 
20045: Hilary Mackenzie.

SPRINGER FOREIGN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 342-3103; 4830 Brandywine Street, 
20016: Cornel Faltin, Frauke Faltin, Juergen Schoenstein.

ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH--(202) 298-6880; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, 20006: 
Philip M. Dine, Aloysia C. Hamalainen, William Lambrecht, Timothy J. Poor, 
Terence Samuel, Jon M. Sawyer, Deirdre Shesgreen.

ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS--(202) 383-6042; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
William S. Salisbury.

ST. PETERSBURG TIMES--(202) 463-0571; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, 20036: 
William R. Adair, Mary Jacoby, Jack R. Payton, Katherine Pfleger.

STATES NEWS SERVICE--(202) 628-3100; 1333 F Street, 20004: Robin Brown, 
Ronald F. Eckstein, Lisa Fine, Sean Gorman, Elizabeth Hurt, Paul J. Kane, 
C.J. Karamargin, Laura A. Magg, Mark D. Preston, Dave Priddy, Leland 
Schwartz, Mark Strickerz, Elliot Zaret.

STUTTGARTER ZEITUNG--(301) 983-0735; 11204 Powder Horn Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Jurgen Koar.

SUARA MERDEKA--(301) 946-9553; 2700 Hardy Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20902: 
Djono Sujono.

SUARA PEMBARUAN--(202) 775-5211; 2000 Massacusetts Avenue, 20008: 
Christianto Wibisono.

SVENSKA DAGBLADET--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 20008: 
Karin Henriksson.

SYDNEY MORNING HERALD--(202) 737-6360; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20008: Jennifer A. Hewett.

TAGESZEITUNG--(202) 544-3113; 109 13th Street, SE, 20003: Peter Tautfest.

TAIPEI COMMERCIAL TIMES--(703) 764-1135; 10340 Zion Drive, Fairfax, VA 
22032: Louise R. Costich.

TAIPEI LIBERTY TIMES--(202) 879-6765; 1294 National Press Building, 20045: 
Nadia Tsao.

TAIPEI UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building, 
20045: James C. Wang.

TAIWAN DAILY--(703) 648-9204; 11710 Sumacs Street, Oakton, VA 22124: Stacey 
Chao.

TAMPA TRIBUNE--(202) 662-7673; 1214 National Press Building, 20045: Jocoba 
J. Soteropoulos.

THOMSON NEWSPAPERS--(202) 638-7095; 1240 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maureen Groppe.

TIMES OF INDIA--(202) 463-1301; 1301 20th Street, #314, 20036: Ramesh 
Chandran.

TOKYO-CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1012 National Press Club, 20045: 
Jennifer A. Gerdts, Michiyo Kanno, Hironori Kiki, Neal Learner, Moriyoshi 
Sase, Ryoji Tachio.

TORONTO NATIONAL POST--(202) 662-8827; 1206 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jan Cienski.

TRAVEL MANAGEMENT DAILY--(202) 467-8085; 1155 15th Street, Suite 510, 
20005: Andrew Compart.

TRIBUNE DE GENEVE--(202) 237-5416; 3711 Yuma Street, 20016: Pierre 
Ruetschi.

TRUD--(301) 656-3744; 4620 North Park Avenue, Suite 501W, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Vissarion I. Sisnev.

TUFTY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 347-8998; 2107 National Press Building, 20045: 
Gary Frink, Harold G. Tufty.

TULSA WORLD--(703) 241-0446; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

[[Page 978]]

TURKISH DAILY NEWS--(301) 469-6566; 4938 Hampden Lane, Bethesda, MD 20814: 
Harun Kazaz.

TURKIYE DAILY--(202) 737-7800; 495 National Press Building, 20045: Hasan M. 
Hazar.

U.S.-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 681-1117; 1053 National Press Building, 
20045: Julia M. Choi, Julie Moon.

US-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 681-1117; 1053 National Press Building, 20045: 
Donald H. Choi.

USA TODAY--(703) 276-3400; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22229: Fred 
Anklam, Jr., John Bacon, Richard Benedetto, Scott Bowles, Ann Brooking, 
Dave Callahan, Dennis Cauchon, William Coon, Daniela Deane, Jim Drinkard, 
Haya El Nasser, Thuan Elston, Ronald D. Elving, Mindy Fetterman, Gary E. 
Fields, Gwen Flanders, Frederick Gaskins, JoAnn Goslin, Margaret W. Hall, 
Caroline Hedges, Tamara M. Henry, Paul M. Hoversten, Kevin Johnson, 
Charisse Jones, Lee M. Katz, Judith C. Keen, Jack Kelley, Kathy Kiely, 
Wendy Koch, Steven Komarow, Panayiota Kozakos, Jill D. Lawrence, Jessica 
Lee, Alan Levin, Larry R. Marshall, Linda M. Mathews, Anthony E. Mauro, 
Mark J. Memmott, Suzanne Miller, Mary Motta, Smita Nordwall, Susan L. Page, 
Laura Parker, Carolyn Pesce, Carl A. Pisano, Evelyn S. Poitevent, Edward T. 
Pound, Maria Puente, LeeAnn Ruibal, Bob Samsot, John M. Simpson, Tom 
Squitieri, Douglas Stanglin, William Sternberg, Andrea Stone, Ken 
Washington, Traci Watson, William M. Welch, Richard T. Willing, Richard J. 
Wolf.

USATODAY.COM--(703) 558-3317; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22229: 
Kirk Spitzer.

UNITED MEDIA--(301) 262-6699; 12808 Sutters Lane, Bowie, MD 20720: Lew 
Sichelman.

UNITED NEWS OF INDIA--(703) 486-2696; 1600 South Eads Street, Apt.#1126N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: C.K. Arora.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8000; 1510 H Street, 20005: Sid 
Balman, Jr., Tobin C. Beck, Jennifer Brooks, Karen L. Byrne, Diane L. 
DeVore, John Hendel, Michael E. Kirkland, James G. Meek, Mike Rosenberg, 
Griffin Shea, Chris H. Sieroty, Helen Thomas, Lisa Van Dusen, John N. 
Walston, Joseph Warminsky.

UNITED STATES PRESS--(301) 654-1872; 5301 Westbard Circle, #247, Bethesda, 
MD 20816: Frank van der Linden.

VAARTHA DAILY--(301) 871-8499; 3950 Bel Pre Road, #4, Silver Spring, MD 
20906: Innaiah Narisetti.

VENEZUELAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5505; 960-A National Press Building, 
20045: Delia Linares de Housein, Aida Raygada.

VIETNAM NEWS AGENCY--(202) 879-6718; 1257-C National Press Building, 20045: 
Nguyen Minh, Nghi Vu, Pham Vy.

VIRGINIAN-PILOT--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, #800, 20036: 
Alejandro Bodipo-Memba, Glenn Burkins, Jackie Calmes, Mary L. Carnevale, 
Kathy Chen, David Cloud, Helene C. Cooper, Elizabeth Crowley, Jeanne 
Cummings, Rose E. D'Angelo, Robert Davis, John J. Fialka, Paul Gigot, 
Robert Greenberger, Bryan Gruley, John J. Harwood, Greg A. Hitt, Carol J. 
Horner, Albert R. Hunt, Bruce Ingersoll, June Kronholz, Philip A. Kuntz, 
Anna W. Mathews, Laurie McGinley, Alan S. Murray, Vicki L. Parker, Michael 
M. Phillips, Thomas E. Ricks, Carla A. Robbins, David E. Rogers, Jacob M. 
Schlesinger, Sharon L. Schmid, Richard B. Schmitt, Michael Schroeder, 
Gerald F. Seib, Ronald G. Shafer, Leslie Shaffer, John Simons, Glenn R. 
Simpson, Christina Duff Taylor, Jeffrey Taylor, Marjorie Valbrun, David 
Wessel, John R. Wilke, Winston S. Wood, Bernard Wysocki, Jr.

WASHINGTON FAX--(202) 537-3551; 6210 Broad Branch Road, 20015: Matthew 
Davis.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-6000; 1150 15th Street, 20071: Michael 
Abramowitz, Nathan Abse, Joel Achenbach, Lorraine Adams, Henry Allen, 
Robert L. Asher, Lawrence R. Atkinson, Charles R. Babcock, Charles 
Babington, Donald P. Baker, Peter Baker, Daniel J. Balz, Gary S. Barr, 
Peter Behr, John M. Berry, Joan Biskupic, Paul Blustein, Nora Boustany, 
Julie M. Bowles, William Branigin, David S. Broder, David M. Brown, Peter 
Carlson, Mike Causey, Rajiv Chandrasekaran, William Claiborne, D'Vera Cohn, 
Michael Colton, Ceci Connolly, Michael H. Cottman, Albert B. Crenshaw, 
Alice Crites, Kathleen Day, Helen Dewar, Michael Dobbs, Kristin E. Downey, 
Thomas B. Edsall, Juliet Eilperin, Judith Evans, Paul Farhi, Stephen Fehr, 
David Finkel, Marc Fisher, Michael Fletcher, Ann E. Gerhart, Robin Givhan, 
Amy Goldstein, Bradley L. Graham, Marcia S. Greene, Meg Greenfield, Anne 
Groer, Lloyd B. Grove, Michael Grunwald, Guy Gugliotta, George D. Hager, 
Maryann Haggerty, Bill Hamilton, Martha A. Hamilton, Hamil R. Harris, John 
F. Harris, Judith Havemann, Paul Hendrickson, Fred Hiatt, David Hilzenrath, 
Spencer S. Hsu, Robert G. Kaiser, Al Kamen, Colbert King, George Lardner, 
Daniel LeDuc, Jeff Leen, Richard Leiby, Kenneth Lelen, Susan K. Levine, 
Thomas W. Lippman, Eric S. Lipton, Toni Locy, Vernon F. Loeb, Ruth Marcus, 
Caroline F. Mayer, William H. McAllister, Philip A. McCombs, Mary McGrory, 
Robert H. Melton, Kevin E. Merida, Peter Milius, Mike Mills, John D. Mintz, 
Brian Mooar, Richard Morin, Liza Mundy, Terry M. Neal, Susan Okie, David B. 
Ottaway, Lonnae O. Parker, Peter Perl, Don Phillips, Eric S. Pianin, Walter 
Pincus, Michael H. Powell, Dana Priest, Rudolph A. Pyatt, Jr., Ken Ringle, 
Roxanne Roberts, Megan Rosenfeld, Hanna Rosin, Judy C. Sarasohn, Kathy 
Sawyer, Susan Schmidt, John Schwartz, Michelle Singletary, Alan I. Sipress, 
Cindy Skrzycki, Lena H. Sun, Robert Suro, Frank Swoboda, Bob Thompson, 
Robert B. Thompson, Sandra Torry, Abigail Trafford, Jacqueline Trescott, 
Stephen M. Twomey, David A.

[[Page 979]]

Vise, Barbara Vobejda, David Von Drehle, Edward J. Walsh, Sharon Walsh, 
Joby Warrick, Linton Weeks, Rick Weiss, Benjamin J. White, Vanassa 
Williams, Benjamin Wittes, Yolanda Woodlee, John E. Yang.

WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS--(703) 461-7183; P.O. Box 3067, Alexandria, 
VA 22302: Gordon E. White.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE, 20002: Theodore 
J. Agres, George H. Archibald, Kim Asch, Ben Barber, Timothy Burn, Patrick 
T. Butters, Andrew I. Cain, Thomas H. Carter, Mike Cleary, Francis B. 
Coombs, Jr., Joseph Curl, Stephen Dinan, Julia Duin, Susan Ferrechio, 
Suzanne Fields, Ann Geracimos, William D. Gertz, John Godfrey, Samuel B. 
Goldreich, August Gribbin, Ralph Z. Hallow, Ken Hanner, Jennifer Harper, 
Patrice S. Hill, Leslie Koren, Donald Lambro, Ruth I. Larson, John L. 
McCaslin, Alison D. McMeans, Sarah Means, Gerald Mizejewski, Christine 
Montgomery, James E. Morrison, Robert Morton, Deanna M. Murray, Frank 
Murray, Gregory T. Pierce, Joyce H. Price, Wesley Pruden, Jeremy Redmon, 
Nancy E. Roman, Barbara J. Saffir, Bill Sammon, David Sands, Rowan 
Scarborough, Suzin Schneider, Jason Schultz, Sean P. Scully, Marc J. 
Selinger, Jerry Seper, Deborah Simmons, M. Maria Stainer, Mark Stewart, 
Dawn M. Ulmer, Adrienne T. Washington, Cheryl Wetzstein, Larry A. Witham.

WASHINGTONPOST.COM--(703) 469-3116; 1560 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 800, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Dan Froomkin, John P. Martin, Charles C. Rhodes, Mark 
Stencel, Ryan Thornburg, Lisa Todorovich.

WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES--(202) 662-7085; 1001 National Press Building, 20045: 
Alan S. Emory, Marc R. Heller.

WEN HUI BAO DAILY--(703) 521-2371; 1600 South Eads Street, #1134, 22202: Ci 
Guihang.

WESTDEUTSCHE ALLGEMEINE--(301) 469-8933; 8204 Hamilton Spring Court, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Uwe Knupfer.

WICHITA EAGLE--(202) 383-6055; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Thomas 
J. Webb.

WILLIAM SCALLY REPORTS--(202) 362-2382; 2918 Legation Street, 20015: 
William F. Scally.

WORLD JOURNAL--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building, 20045: Betty 
P. Lin.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0082; 1740 North 14th Street, #305, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Liyian Gu, Fu Quansheng, Bingzhong Yuan.

YEDIOTH-AHRONOTH--(301) 610-9357; 6 Kettle Pond Court, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Orly Azoulay-Katz.

YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-0363; 802 National Press Building, 20045: Kate 
Albright-Hanna, Aaron Bart, Michio Hayashi, Yusuke Okabayashi, Ryuichi 
Otsuka, Takashi Sakamoto, Akinori Uchida, Tsutomu Yamaguchi, Linda Yun, 
Kasper Zeuthen.

YONHAP NEWS AGENCY--(202) 783-5539; 1299 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jun Heesup, Kiseo Kim.

ZIUA--(301) 220-0671; P.O. Box 32179, 20007: Sorin G. Pasarin.

ZYCIE-POLISH DAILY--(703) 271-5648; 1201 S. Courthouse Road, #736, 
Arlington, VA 22204: Pawel Burdzy.

ZYCIE WARSZAWY--(202) 393-3511; 840 National Press Building, 20045: Tomasz 
Wroblewski.


