

Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), June 1999. - 


Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), June 1999.
[Pages 980-986]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


[[Page 980]]

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
      Assistant Director.--Gerald L. Rupert.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Tim Dillon, Chairman
                                            Dennis Brack, Secretary-
                                                Treasurer
                                            Scott Applewhite
                                            Stephen Crowley
                                            Charles W. Harrity
                                            Win McNamee
                               __________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) The term of office of a member of the Committee elected as the 
Associated Press Photos member, the local newspaper member, and the 
Reuters News Pictures or AFP Photos member shall expire on the day of 
the election held in the first odd-numbered year following the year in 
which the member was elected, and the term of office of a member of the 
Committee elected as the magazine media member, the agency or freelance 
member and the at-large members shall expire on the day of the election 
held in the first even-numbered year following the year in which the 
member was elected. A member elected to fill a vacancy occurring prior 
to the expiration of a term shall serve for only the unexpired portion 
of such term.
    (c) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (d) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    (e) A. Election for the Reuters News Picture or AFP Photos seat be 
held in 1999.
      B. Election for the Agency or Freelance seat be held in 2000.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads

[[Page 981]]

of Photographic Bureaus under such rules as the Standing Committee of 
Press Photographers shall prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.
    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                            Mitch McConnell,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 982]]

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Allen, John: Washington Post

Alpert, Brian: Keystone Press Agency

Andrews, Nancy: Washington Post

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Arbogast, Charles: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arias, Juana: Washington Post

Arnold, John: Kerrigan International

Ashe, James: Time Magazine

Ashley, Douglas: Suburban Communications Corp.

Atlan, Jean-Louis: Paris Match

Attlee, Tracey: Freelance

Aubry, Timothy: Reuters News Pictures

Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

Ballard, Karen: Washington Times

Barouh, Stan: Freelance

Barrett, Stephen: Freelance

Beals, Herman: Reuters News Pictures

Beiser, H. Darr: USA/Today

Bentley, PF: Time Magazine

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Bergsaker, Tore: Dagbladet

Biber, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Biddle, Susan: Washington Post

Binder, Donna: Impact Visuals

Binks, Porter: Sports Illustrated

Blass, Eileen: USA/Today

Bloom, Richard: National Journal

Bochatey, Terry: Reuters News Pictures

Borea, Roberto: Associated Press Photos

Boster, Mark: Los Angeles Times

Boston, Bernard: Freelance

Bouchard, Renee: Freelance

Bowe, Christy: McClendon News Service

Bower, Carl: Freelance

Bowmer, Frederick: Washington Post

Brack, William: Black Star

Branch-Price, Brian: Wilmington News Journal

Brantley, James: Washington Times

Bridges, George: Freelance

Brooks, Dudley: Washington Post

Brown, Robert: Richmond Times Dispatch

Brown, Stephen: Freelance

Bue, Khue: Associated Press Photos

Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

Burns, David: Photo Trends, Inc.

Calvert, Mary: Washington Times

Cameron, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Clement, Richard: Reuters News Pictures

Cobb, Jodi: National Geographic

Cohen, Marshall: Jennings Publications

Cola, Craig: Wash. Post Newsweek Interactive

Colburn, James: Time Magazine

Cole, Carolyn: Los Angeles Times

Cook, Dennis: Associated Press Photos

Cooke, Ken: Freelance

Cooper, Karin: Time Magazine

Cornell, John: Newsday

Crandall, Rob: Freelance

Crowley, Stephen: New York Times

Curtis, Rob: Army Times

Cutraro, Andrew: Freelance

Cutts, Peter: Freelance

Davidson, Barbara: Washington Times

Davis, Bill: Newsday

De Keerle, Georges: Gamma Liaison

DeLort, Jean Guy: Fairchild Publications

Deutsch, Robert: USA/Today

Devadas, Rajan: Front Line

Diaz, Zoraida: Reuters News Pictures

Dillon, Timothy: USA/Today

Downing, Lawrence: Reuters News Pictures

Drenner, Dennis: Freelance

Duhanov, Max: Interfax-Aif Weekly

Durand, Enrique: Reuters News Pictures

Eddins, Jr., Joseph: Washington Times

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Eile, Evan: Scripps Howard News Service

Eisele, John: Freelance

Elfers, Steve: Army Times

Ellis, Richard: Sygma

Faram, Mark: Army Times

Feanny, Najlah: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Ferazzi, Gina: Los Angeles Times

Ferrell, Scott: CQ Weekly

Fetters, Paul: Matrix International

Ficara, John: Freelance

Fitz-Patrick, Bill: Freelance

Fournier, Frank: Contact Press Images

Foy, Mary Lou: Washington Post

Franklin, Ross: Washington Times

Frazza, Luke: Agence France-Presse

Freed, Leonard: Magnum Photos

Freeland, Erik: Freelance

Freeman, Melanie: Christian Science Monitor

Friar, Jerome: Impact Visuals

Fusco, Paul: Magnum Photos

Gaines, Julia: Newsday

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

[[Page 983]]

Gates-Davis, Marilyn: CQ Weekly

Geissinger, Michael A.: Freelance

Gibson, J. Greg: Associated Press Photos

Gilbert, Patrice: Legal Times

Giroux, Robert: Freelance

Glinn, Burton: Magnum Photos

Godfrey, Mark: Freelance

Golon, Maryanne: U.S. News & World Report

Goodrich, Daniel: Newsday

Goulait, Bert: Washington Times

Graham, Douglas: CQ Weekly

Grieser, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Guzy, Carol: Washington Post

Halasy, Don: New York Post

Halstead, Dirck: Time Magazine

Hamburg, Harry: New York Daily News

Harbison, Robert: Christian Science Monitor

Hariston, Kimberly: Baltimore Sun

Harrington, John: World & I

Harrity, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Harvey, David: Magnum Photos

Haviv, Ron Jacques: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Heikes, Darryl: Freelance

Heimsath, Peter: Photo Associate News Service

Heinen, Kenneth: Freelance

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Herndon, Craig: Washington Post

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Hittle, David: Freelance

Holden, Peter: World & I

Hosefros, Paul: New York Times

Iugo, Miguel: Reforma

Jaffe, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Jennings, Stan: Jennings Publications

Johns, Christopher: National Geographic

Johnson, Cynthia: Time Magazine

Johnston, Frank: Washington Post

Kahn, Nikki: Freelance

Katz, Martin: Chesapeake News Service

Keating, John: Newsday

Keating, Maureen: Roll Call

Keeton, Jeffrey: Scripps Howard News Service

Kelly, James: Freelance

Kennedy, Charles: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Kennerly, David: Newsweek

Kent, Dazine: Afro-American Newspaper

Kieffer, Gary: Foto Consortium

Kim, Yunghi: Freelance

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleponis, Chris: Freelance

Kmonicek, Kathy: Newsday

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Kozak, Richard: Insight

LaVor, Martin: Lavor Group

Laffont, Jean Pierre: Sygma

Lambert, Kenneth: Washington Times

Lane, Justin: Freelance

Lewis, Vickie: Freelance

Lipski, Richard: Washington Post

Lloyd, Michael: Oregonian

LoScalzo, Jim: U.S. News & World Report

Loehrke, Timothy: Army Times

Loh, Daniel: Associated Press Photos

Lopez, Jose: New York Times

Lueders, Martin: Freelance

Lustig, Raymond: Washington Post

Lutzky, Micheal: Washington Post

Lynch, Liz: National Journal

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey: U.S. News & World Report

Madrid, Michael: USA/Today

Mallin, Jay: Impact Visuals

Mallory, Tyler: Freelance

Markel, Brad: Capri/ Gamma-Liaison

Maroon, Fred: Freelance

Marquette, Joseph: Associated Press Photos

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Martinez, Pablo: Associated Press Photos

Mathieson, Greg: MAI Photo Agency

McCrehin, Jud: Army Times

McCurry, Steven: Magnum Photos

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McKay, Richard: Cox Newspapers

McKoy, Kirk: Los Angeles Times

McNamee, Wallace: Newsweek

McNamee, Win: Reuters News Pictures

Medina, Vidal: Reuters News Pictures

Miklas, Susanne: Newsweek

Mills, Douglas: Associated Press Photos

Montgomery, Darrow: City Paper

Morello, Debbi: Freelance

Morris, Larry: Washington Post

Mosley, Leigh: Off Our Backs

Murphy, Timothy: Freelance

Nachtwey, James: Magnum Photos

Naltchayan, Joyce: Agence France-Presse

Naltchayan, Neshan: Freelance

Nelson, Andrew: Christian Science Monitor

Norcia, Michael: New York Post

Nozzoli, Akram: Saudi Press Agency

O'Leary, William: Washington Post

Otfinowski, Danuta: Freelance

Owen, Clifford: Washington Times

Paganelli, Manuello: Freelance

Pajic, Kamenko: Freelance

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

Pangraze, Jennifer: Freelance

Paraskevas, John: Newsday

Parcell, James: Washington Post

Patterson, Kathryn: Army Times

Pearman, Jr., Reginald: Wash. Post Newsweek Interactive

Pearson, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Pensinger, Douglas: Freelance

Peress, Gilles: Magnum Photos

[[Page 984]]

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Perry, William: Gannett News Service

Persson, Jessica: Education Week

Philpott, William: Freelance

Pokress, David: Newsday

Pokress, Jackson: Observer Newspapers

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Carol: Freelance

Raab, Shana: Freelance

Rasmussen, Randy: Oregonian

Reed, Ellis: Magnum Photos

Reeder, Robert: Washington Post

Reinhard, Rick: Impact Visuals

Remsberg, Edwin: Freelance

Rennick, Joe: Freelance

Rentas, David: New York Post

Ribeiro, Luiz: New York Post

Ricardel, Vincent: Freelance

Richards, Paul: Agence France-Presse

Richards, Roger: Washington Times

Richardson, Joel: Washington Post

Riecken, Astrid: Washington Times

Riley, Molly: Reuters News Pictures

Roberts, Joshua: Freelance

Robinson, Scott: Freelance

Ronay, Vivian: Freelance

Rosenbaum, Daniel: Washington Times

Roth, Rebecca: Roll Call

Sachs, Arnold: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Howard: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Ronald: Consolidated News Pictures

Sakamoto, Tatsuya: Yomiuri Shimbun

Salhani, Claude: United Press International

Sargent, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Savoia, Stephan: Associated Press Photos

Sawchuk, Ken: Newsday

Schaeffer, Sandra: Freelance

Schlein, Lonnie: New York Times

Schoenborn, Eric: Scripps Howard News Service

Schroeder, Bjorn: German Newspaper Group

Schumacher, Karl: Freelance

Schwartz, David: Freelance

Schwarz, Ira: Freelance

Sell, Blake: Reuters News Pictures

Shelley, Allison: Education Week

Sherbell, Shepard: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Sherbow, Robert: People Magazine

Silverman, Joseph: Washington Times

Simon, Martin: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Skalij, Wally: Los Angeles Times

Sloan, Timothy: Freelance

Smith, Benjamin: Education Week

Smith, Dayna: Washington Post

Smith, Michael: Newsmakers

Snider, David: Freelance

Souza, Peter: Chicago Tribune

Spillers, Linda: Freelance

Spilotro, Michael: World & I

Steib, Clint: Washington Blade

Stenzel, Maria: National Geographic

Stephenson, Richard: Freelance

Sweets, Fredric: Associated Press Photos

Sykes, Jack: Professional Pilot Magazine

Takeda, Yasushi: Focus Magazine

Tama, Mario: Prince George's Journal

Tannenbaum, Allan: Sygma

Temchine, Michael: The Hill

Thomas, Margaret: Washington Post

Thresher, James: Washington Post

Tiernan, Audrey: Newsday

Traver, Joseph: Freelance

Trippett, Robert: Sipa Press

Udesen, Betty: Seattle Times

Usher, Chris: Freelance

Van Grack, Lee: Insight

Van Riper, Frank: Freelance

Varias, Stelios: Reuters News Pictures

Vathis, Paul: Associated Press Photos

Visser, Robert: Photopress Washington

Votaw, Jr., Charles: Freelance

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walker, Harry: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

Walski, Brian: Los Angeles Times

Ward, Fred: Black Star

Watkins, Jr., Frederick: Johnson Publishing Co.

Watson, Ricardo: United Press International

Wilking, Rick: Reuters News Pictures

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Mark: Freelance

Witty, Patrick: Freelance

Wolfson, Stanley: Newsday

Wong, Alex: Newsmakers

Woodward, Tracy: Washington Post

Wyman, Ira: Newsweek

Yan, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Yim, Heesoon: HANA

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

[[Page 985]]

                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

       (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of 
                             representative)

AFRO-AMERICAN NEWSPAPER--332-0080; 1612 14th St., NW, Washington, DC 20009: 
Kent, Dazine.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--414-0551; 1015 15th St., NW, 5th floor, Washington, 
DC 20005: Frazza, Luke; Jaffe, Stephen; Naltchayan, Joyce; Pearson, Robert; 
Richards, Paul; Sargent, Michael.

ARMY TIMES--(703) 750-8170; 6883 Commercial Drive, Springfield, VA 22159-
0150: Curtis, Rob; Elfers, Steve; Faram, Mark; Loehrke, Timothy; McCrehin, 
Jud; Patterson, Kathryn.

ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS--828-9650; 2021 K Street, NW, Washington, DC 20006: 
Applewhite, J. Scott; Arbogast, Charles; Borea, Roberto; Buhi, Khue; Cook, 
Dennis; Edmonds, Ronald; Gibson, J. Greg; Helber, Stephen; Loh, Danies; 
Marquette, Joseph; Martinez, Pablo; Mills, Douglas; Savoia, Stephan; 
Vathis, Paul; Walsh, Susan.

BLACK STAR--547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Rd., Alexandria, VA 22308: Brack, 
William; Ward, Fred.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--824-8221; 1325 G St., NW Ste. 200, Washington, DC 20005: 
Souza, Peter.

CITY PAPER--332-2100; 2390 Champlain St., NW Washington, DC 20009: 
Montgomery, Darrow.

CQ WEEKLY--887-8500; 1414 22nd St., Washington, DC 20037: Ferrell, Scott; 
Gates-Davis, Marilyn; Graham, Douglas.

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--543-3203; 10305 Leslie St., Silver Spring, MD 
20902: Sachs, Arnold; Sachs, Howard; Sachs, Ronald.

CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--(212) 481-6910; 116 East 27th St. 8th Floor, New 
York, NY 10016: Burnett, David; Fournier, Frank.

COX NEWSPAPERS--887-8348; 400 North Capitol St. Suite 750, Washington, DC 
20001: McKay, Richard.

EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-31000; 6935 Arlington Rd. Suite 100, Bethesda, MD 
20814: Persson, Jessica; Shelley, Allison; Smith, Benjamin.

FAIRCHILD PUBLICATIONS--639-6900; 1333 H St., Washington, DC 20005: DeLort, 
Jean Guy.

FRONTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--(301) 229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 20812: 
Lynch, M. Patricia.

GAMMA-LIAISON--(212) 779-6300; 11 East 26th St., New York, NY 10010: De 
Keerle, Georges; Markel, Brad.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 276-5256; 1000 Wilson Blvd., Arlington, VA 
22209: Perry, William.

HANA--393-1166; 1111 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: Yim, 
Heesoon.

HILL, THE--628-8502; 733 15th St., NW Ste. 1140, Washington, DC 20005: 
Temchine, Michael.

HURRIYET--(703) 978-8073; 8910 Moreland Lane, Annadale, VA 22033: Biber, 
Mehmet.

INSIGHT--636-8863; 3600 New York Ave., Washington, DC 20002: Kozak, 
Richard; Van Grack, Lee.

JENNINGS PUBLICATIONS--946-5538; 2600 Pyers Mill Rd., Silver Spring, MD 
20902: Cohen, Marshall; Jennings, Stan.

KNIGHT-RIDDER TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE--383-6099; 790 National Press Building 
Washington, DC 20045: Kennedy, Charles; Walker, Harry.

LAVOR GROUP--(703) 765-7187; 7710 Lookout Ct., Alexandria, VA 22306: LaVor, 
Martin.

LEGAL TIMES--457-0686; 1730 M St., NW, Suite 802, Washington, DC 20036: 
Gilbert, Patrice.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--293-4650; 1875 I St., Washington, DC 20006: Boster, 
Mark; Cole, Carolyn; Ferazzi, Gina; Grieser, Robert; McKoy, Kirk; Skalij, 
Wally; Walski, Brian.

MAGNUM PHOTOS, INC.--(212) 929-6000; 151 West 25th St., New York, NY 10010: 
Freed, Leonard; Fusco, Paul; Glinn, Burton; Harvey, David; McCurry, Steven; 
Nachtwey, James; Peress, Gilles; Reed, Ellis.

MAI PHOTO NEWS AGENCY--(703) 578-3717; South 4 Mile Run Dr., Arlington, VA 
22204: Mathieson, Greg.

MATRIX INTERNATIONAL, Inc.--(212) 398-8686; 19 West 44th St., New York, NY 
10036: Fetters, Paul.

McCLENDON NEWS SERVICE--483-3791; 3133 Connecticut Ave., NW, Washington, DC 
20008: Bowe, Christy.

NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC--857-7477; 1145 17th St., NW, Washington, DC 20036: 
Cobb, Jodi; Johns, Christopher; Stenzel, Maria.

NATIONAL JOURNAL--739-8400; 1501 M St., NW, Washington, DC 20005: Bloom, 
Richard; Lynch, Liz.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(212) 210-2100; 450 West 33rd St., New York, NY 10017: 
Hamburg, Harry.

NEW YORK POST--(212) 815-8550; 210 South Street, New York, NY 10002: 
Halasy, Don; Norcia, Michael; Rentas, David; Ribeiro, Luiz.

[[Page 986]]

NEW YORK TIMES--862-0300; 1627 Eye St., NW 9th Floor, Washington, DC 20036: 
Crowley, Stephen; Hosefros, Paul; Lopez, Jose; Schlein, Lonnie.

NEWSDAY--(516) 843-2833; 235 Pinelawn Dr., Melville, NY 11747: Cornell, 
John; Davis, Bill; Gaines, Julia; Goodrich, Daniel; Keating, John; 
Kmonicek, John; Paraskevas, John; Pokress, David; Sawchuk, Ken; Tiernan, 
Audrey; Wolfson, Stanley.

NEWSMAKERS--347-2050; 733 15TH St., Washington, DC 20005: Smith, Michael; 
Wong, Alex.

NEWSWEEK--626-2060; 1750 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20006: 
Kennerly, David; McNamee, Wallace; Miklas, Susanne; Wyman, Ira.

PHOTO ASSOCIATES NEWS SERVICE--965-4428; 3421 M St., NW Ste 1636, 
Washington, DC 20007: Heimsath, Peter.

PHOTO PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(703) 548-7941; 2 East Glebe Rd., Alexandria, VA 
22305: Kieffer, Gary.

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005: 
Aubry, Timothy; Beals, Herman; Bochatey, Terry; Cameron, Gary; Clement, 
Richard; Diaz, Zoraida; Downing, Lawerence; Durand, Enrique; Hershorn, 
Gary; McNamee, Win; Medina, Vidal; Riley, Molly; Sell, Blake; Varias, 
Stelios; Wilking, Rick.

ROLL CALL--824-6800; 50 F St., NW, Washington, DC 20001: Keating, Maureen; 
Roth, Rebecca.

SABA PRESS PHOTOS--(212) 679-5454; 159 East 30th St., New York, NY 10116: 
Feanny, Najlah; Haviv, Ron Jacques; Sherbell, Shepard; Simon, Martin.

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--408-2750; 1090 Vermont Ave., NW, Washington, 
DC 20005: Elie, Evan; Keeton, Jeffrey; Sschoenborn, Eric.

SEATTLE TIMES--(206) 464-2203; 1120 John St., Seattle, WA 98111: Rutz, 
Dean; Udesen, Betty.

SIPA--(212) 463-0150; 30 West 21st St., New York, NY 10010: Trippett, 
Robert.

SYGMA--(212) 675-7900; 322 8th Ave., 11th Fl., New York, NY 10001: Ellis, 
Richard; Laffont, Jean Pierre; Tannenbaum, Allan.

TIME MAGAZINE--861-4062; 1050 Connecticut Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20036: 
Ashe, James; Bentley, PF; Colburn, James; Cooper, Karin; Halstead, Dirck; 
Johnson, Cynthia; Walker, Diana.

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT--955-2000; 1050 Thomas Jefferson St., NW, 
Washington, DC 20007: Archambault, Charles; Golon, Maryanne; Harrity, 
Charles; LoScalzo, Jim; MacMillan, Jeffrey.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--898-8071; 1510 H Street, Washington, DC 20005: 
Salhani, Claude; Watson, Ricardo.

USA/TODAY--(703) 276-3400; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22208: 
Beiser, H. Darr; Blass, Eileen; Deutsch, Robert; Dillon, Timothy; Madrid, 
Michael.

WASHINGTON BLADE--797-7000; 1408 U St., Washington, DC 20009: Steib, Clint.

WASHINGTON POST--334-7377; 1150 15th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20071: 
Allen, John; Andrews, Nancy; Arias, Juana; Biddle, Susan; Bowmer, 
Frederick; Brooks, Dudley; Foy, Mary Lou; Guzy, Carol; Herndon, Craig; 
Johnston, Frank; Lipski, Richard; Lustig, Raymond; Lutzky, Micheal; 
Martineau, Gerald; McDonnell, John; Morris, Larry; O'Leary, William; 
Parcell, James; Perkins, Lucien; Reeder, Robert; Richardson, Joel; Smith, 
Dayna; Thomas, Margaret; Thresher, James; Williamson, Michael; Woodward, 
Tracy.

WASHINGTON TIMES--636-3000; 3600 New York Ave., NE, Washington, DC 20002: 
Ballard, Karen; Brantley, James; Calvert, Mary; Davidson, Barbara; Eddins, 
Joseph; Franklin, Ross; Goulait, Bert; Lambert, Kenneth; Owen, Clifford; 
Richards; Riecken, Astrid; Roger; Rosenbaum, Daniel; Silverman, Joseph.

WORLD & I--635-4020; 3600 New York Ave., NE, Washington, DC 20002: 
Harrington, John; Holden, Peter; Spilotro, Michael.

XINHUA--(703) 875-0082; 1740 N. 14 St., Arlington, VA 22209: Yan, Wang.

                                FREELANCE

FREELANCE: Atherton, Jim; Attlee,Tracey; Augustino, Jocelyn; Barouh, Stan; 
Barrett, Stephen; Berg, Lisa; Boston, Bernard; Bouchard, Renee; Bower, 
Carl; Bridges, George; Brown, Stephen; Cedeno, Ken; Cooke, Ken; Crandall, 
Rob; Cutraro, Andrew; Cutts, Peter; DiJoseph, J.M.; Drenner, Dennis; 
Eisele, John; Ficara, John; Finnegan,Vince; Fitz-Patrick, Bill; Freeland, 
Erik; Garcia, Mannie; Geissinger, Michael; Giroux, Robert; Godfrey, Mark; 
Heikes, Darryl; Heinen, Kenneth; Hittle, David; Kahn, Mikki; Kelly, James; 
Kim, Yunghi; Kittner, Sam; Kleponis, Chris; Kossoff, Leslie; Lane, Justin; 
Lewis, Vickie; Lueders, Martin; Mallory, Tyler; Maroon, Fred; Morello, 
Debbi; Murphy, Timothy; Naltchayan, Neshan; Otfinowski, Danuta; Paganelli, 
Manuello; Pajic, Kamenko; Pangraze, Jennifer; Pensinger, Douglas; Philpott, 
William; Poleski, David; Powers, Carol; Rabb, Shana; Remsberg, Edwin; 
Rennick, Joe; Ricardel, Vincent; Roberts, Joshua; Robinson, Scott; Ronay, 
Vivian; Schaeffer, Sandra; Schumacher, Karl; Schwarz, David; Schwarz, Ira; 
Semiatin, Morris; Sloan, Timothy; Snider, David; Spillers, Linda; 
Stephenson, Richard; Tasnadi, Charles; Traver, Joseph; Tretick, Stanley; 
Usher, Chris; Van Riper, Frank; Votaw, Charles; Wilson, Mark; Witty, 
Patrick; Ziffer, Steve.


