

Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), October 2000. - 


Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), October 2000.
[Pages 992-1013]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


[[Page 992]]

                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director--Lawrence J. 
                                                Janezich
                                            Deputy Director--Jane Ruyle
                                            Assistant--Diane Lane
                                            Assistant--Gloria Halcomb
                                            Assistant--Michael Mastrian
                                            Assistant--Will Gardner

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

                                            Director--Tina Tate
                                            Deputy Director--Beverly 
                                                Braun
                                            Assistant for Administrative 
                                                Operations--Gail Davis
                                            Assistant for Technical 
                                                Operations--Olga Ramirez
                                            Assistant--Andrew Elias
                                            Assistant--Erik LeBlanc

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            John Nolen, CBS News, 
                                                Chairman
                                            Ann Curley, CNN
                                            Bob Fuss, CBS Radio
                                            Lew Ketcham, C-Span
                                            Keith B. Plummer, Hearst-
                                                Argyle Broadcasting
                                            Linda J. Scott, The Newshour 
                                                with Jim Lehrer
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of Senate wing of the Capitol. Applicants 
shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, television 
stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which they are 
employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, if any. 
Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in the 
prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information to any organization,

[[Page 993]]

individual, or group of individuals for the influencing of prices on any 
commodity or stock exchange; that they will not do so during the time 
they retain membership in the galleries. Holders of visitors' cards who 
may be allowed temporary admission to the galleries must conform to all 
the restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the Radio and Television 
Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant conforms to the foregoing 
regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                            Mitch McConnell,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 994]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abbott, Stacey: National Public Radio

Abernethy, Robert G.: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Abid, Rod: National Public Radio

Abrams, Daniel: NBC News

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Ackerman, Thomas: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Adaktusson, Lars: Swedish Television

Adams, Bryan: Reuters Television

Adams, Douglas A.: NBC News

Adams, James M.: NBC-4

Adams, Kerry: WJLA-TV

Adelman, Staci: Tribune Broadcasting

Adrine, Lynne: ABC News

Advani, Reena: National Public Radio

Affens, Steven C.: WJLA-TV

Afsharian, Maria: NBC News

Agarwal, Amit: C-SPAN

Ahlers, Michael M.: CNN

Aiken, Jonathan: CNN

Akassy, Hugues: HDA Pictures, Inc.

Al-Rawi, Khaldoun: APTN

Alami, Mohammed Y.: APTN

Alan, Bruce: WTOP Radio

Albano, Thomas: CBS News

Alberter, William: CNN/TVS

Albor, Teresa: AP-Broadcast

Alcott, Abigail K.: ABC News

Aldridge, William: Hearst-Argyle Television

Alexander, Constantin: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Alexander, Kenny: C-SPAN

Alexander, Scott: Fox News Channel

Alksninis, Gintalitas: Lietuvos Rytas Television

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Eric: America's Voice

Allen, Greg: National Public Radio

Allen, Mark: CNN

Allen, Robert: CBN News

Alley, Kent D.: ABC News

Allison, Lynn Quarles: WETA-TV

Allmond, Douglas: ABC News

Almanza, Armando: Ventana Productions

Alonzo, Frances: Texas State Network

Alvey, Jay: NBC-4

Ambrose, Nancy J.: ABC News

Ames, Ryan: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Amirault, Theresa L.: C-SPAN

Anastasi, Patrick G.: NBC News

Anderson, Darcy D.: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Anderson, Flona: British Broadcasting Corp.

Anderson, Jason W.: CNN

Anderson, Shawn: WTOP Radio

Andes, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Anne G., Ball: Fox NewsChannel

Anstey, Christopher: TV Asahi

Antonini, Roberto: Swiss Broadcasting

Aoki, Toshiko: TV Tokyo Channel 12

Apokis, Dimitrios: New Greek Television

Arcega, Milandro: NBC-4

Archer-Melville, Chris: Black Entertainment Television

Ardalan, Davar: National Public Radio

Arena, Kelli: CNN

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Aretakis, Nick: C-SPAN

Arjoon-Singh, Lakshmi: WAMU-FM

Armand, John: NBC News

Armstrong, Michael: America's Voice

Armstrong, Patricia: ABC News

Armstrong, Phyllis: WUSA-TV

Armstrong, Richard: WUSA-TV

Armwood, Adrian: CBS News

Arobaga, Mary: Worldnet Television

Arrington, Percy: NBC News

Ashburn, Lauren: WJLA-TV

Asher, Julie: Fox NewsChannel

Assmann, Karin: Spiegel TV

Atkins, Keith: FDCH

Atkins, Marissa: Black Entertainment Television

Atkinson, Rodney S.: CNN/TVS

Attkisson, Sharyl: CBS News

Aubrey, Allison: National Public Radio

Aug, Stephen: Nightly Business Report

Augenbraum, Marc: AP-Broadcast

Augenstein, Neal: UPI Radio

Aulerich, Charles S.: Tribune Broadcasting

Avary, Max: Radio Free Asia

Avellino, Jennifer: CNN

Avery, John C.: Black Entertainment Television

Babarovic, Christina: ABC News

Babington-Heina, Martin: Potomac Television Communications

Bacheler, David F.: CNN/TVS

Baer, Jonathan: National Public Radio

Bagnato, Barry: CBS News

Baham, Todd: C-SPAN

Bailey, Julia Holmes: National Public Radio

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

Baker, Glenn C.: America's Defense Monitor

Baker, Les: Fox News Channel

[[Page 995]]

Baklar, Reza: CNN/TVS

Balders, Jose Israel: America's Voice

Ball, Joe: C-SPAN

Ballou, Jeff: CONUS Communications

Banes, Hildegard: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Banker, Stephen: Comm*Tech News

Banks, Mark: ABC News

Banks-Wilson, Katherine: NBC-4

Bannigan, Michael: CNN/TVS

Banville, Lee M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Barber, William: WETA-TV

Barlett, Cameron C.: NBC NewsChannel

Barnett, James: CNN

Baronott, Amy: C-SPAN

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barreda, Eric: America's Voice Television

Barreda, Eric M.: America's Voice Television

Barrett, Ted: CNN

Barron, David: NBC News

Barrows, Jessica: Fox News Channel

Barry, Calvin: WETA-TV

Bartone, Richard: NBC NewsChannel

Basinger, Stuart L.: Fox News Channel

Baskerville, Kia T.: CBS News

Baskin, Roberta: CBS News

Basu, Arin: Radio Free Asia

Batson, Anthony: CBS News

Batten, Rodney Sims: NBC News

Bauer, John H.: ABC News

Bauer, Undo: Deutsche Welle TV

Bausch, Elizabeth: WETA-TV

Beall, Gary Glenn: NBC News

Beall, Joni: AP-Broadcast

Beard, Robert: NBC NewsChannel

Beard, Robert: Washington News Network

Beaudin, Emery R.: Worldnet Television

Becker, Bruce C.: Fox News Channel

Becker, Frank K.: WJLA-TV

Becker, Julie: Health Week

Beckford, Edward: Washington News Network

Beckman, Patricia: APTV-Associated Press

Bedard, Marie-Eve: Canadian Broadcasting

Begleiter, Ralph J.: CNN

Behrens, Thad: Nippon TV Network

Benjoar, Maurice: Worldnet Television

Bellinger, Brett: Potomac Television Communications

Bellini, Jason: CNN

Bellis, Michael: CNN/TVS

Belmar, Adam: Tribune Broadcasting

Bender, Sharon: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Benetato, Michael S.: NBC News

Bennett, Carol: Washington-Alabama News Report

Bennett, Shephard B.: C-SPAN

Bensen, Jackie: WTTG-Fox Television

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Benz, Kathy: CNN

Berkey, Craig: C-SPAN

Berman, David: CNN/TVS

Berry, Paul: WJLA-TV

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Bevis, Mark: Pacifica Network News

Bieber, Jeffrey: WETA-TV

Bierbauer, Charles: CNN

Bingham, Robin: the Berns Bureau

Binswanger, Josh: WTTG-Fox Television

Bintrim, Tim: CNN/TVS

Bisney, John: CNN Radio

Blache, Amy: Fox News Channel

Black, Christine M: CNN

Blackford, Laurye: ABC News

Blackman, Jay Allan: NBC News

Blackman, John Wesley: NBC News

Blackman, Keith: NBC News

Blakeslee, Carol: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Blakey, Leona J.: C-SPAN

Blakey, Rea: WJLA-TV

Blanchet, Sharon: British Broadcasting Corp.

Blandburg, Victor: WJLA-TV

Blatter, Christiane: SAT.1 German TV

Blaustein, Evan: CBS News

Bloch, Rebecca: CNN

Block, Deborah: VOA/Worldnet Television

Bloom, David Jerome: NBC News

Bloom, Herb: NBC-TV Stations

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

Blosil, Bruce: America's Voice

Bocangel, Luis: RTP-TV Portugal

Bode, Ken A.: WETA-TV

Bodenheimer, Carey: CNN

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bodnar, John: CNN/TVS

Bohannon, Camille: AP-Broadcast

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Bond, Frank: WUSA-TV

Borgida, David: VOA/Worldnet Television

Borniger, Herta: ARD German Television

Bortone, Richard: C-SPAN

Boswell, Elizabeth: Fox News Channel

Boughton, Bryan: Fox News Channel

Bounnak, Thao-Mo: Radio Free Asia

Bowman, Laurel: NBC News

Boyd, Forrest J.: United News and Information

Boyd, Janet: Fox News Channel

Boyd, John D.: NBC News

Boyd, Steve: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Boyd, Wayne F.: ABC News

Boyer, Robert D.: NBC News

Boyle, Molly A.: Fox News Channel

Bradley, Barbara: National Public Radio

Brady, Scott D.: WJLA-TV

Bragale, Charles: NBC-4

Bramson, Robert E.: ABC News

Branche, Glennwood: ABC News

Brand, Madeleine: National Public Radio

[[Page 996]]

Brandkamp, Jonathan: Voice of America

Brannock, Michael: C-SPAN

Bransford, Fletcher: Fox News Channel

Brant, Robin: Feature Story Productions

Braun, Sheara: CNN

Brawner, Donald: WETA-TV

Brechner, Daniel: Washington-Alabama News Report

Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

Britt, Barbara: ABC News

Brittain, Becky: CNN

Brod, Constance D.: C-SPAN

Broder, Jonathan: MSNBC

Brody, Stephen: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Brosnan, John: KTUU-TV

Brown, Cecile P.: CBS News

Brown, Christopher: NBC News

Brown, Dwight: ABC News

Brown, Edgar W.: Fox News Channel

Brown, Henry: ABC News

Brown, Jefferie: CBS News

Brown, Jeffrey: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Liz: NBC News

Brown, Malcown: Feature Story Productions

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Tracey Ann: APTV-Associated Press

Browning, Michael A.: NBC News/Statco

Brownlee, Lee Ann: CONUS Communications

Bruno, Harold R.: ABC News

Bruns, Jayne Hilary: ABC News

Bryant, Aubrey: WUSA-TV

Bryant, Nick: British Broadcasting Corp.

Bryn, Ingvild: Norwegian Broadcasting

Buchanan, Michael: WUSA-TV

Buckhorn, Burke: CNN/TVS

Buckmon, Joseph: FDCH

Buffington, Ann N.: APTV-Associated Press

Buhrow, Tim: ARD German Television

Buikema, Susan: Fox News Channel

Bullock, Tom: National Public Radio

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Burch, Kevin: C-SPAN

Burdick, Holly E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burke, Beverly: WUSA-TV

Burke, Sean P.: Worldnet Television

Burnett, Wilfred G.: Radio Free Asia

Burns, James: UPI Radio

Burstein, Rachel: NBC News

Bury, Chirs: ABC News

Buschschluter, Nicholas: Zolcer TV Washington

Buschschluter, Siegfried: Deutschland Radio

Bush, Kendal: NBC-4

Butcher, Bob: National Public Radio

Butler, Debra Jean: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Butler, Milburn G.: Voice of America

Butler, Norman: Hearst-Argyle Television

Butts, Diane: Worldnet Television

Byne, Barbara: WETA-TV

Byrd, Kahlil: National Public Radio

Byrne, Matthew: CNN

Cable, Paul Wendell: CNN/TVS

Calhoun, Timothy F.: Tribune Broadcasting

Callan, Elizabeth: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Callison, Amanda: America's Defense Monitor

Cameron, Carl: Fox News

Cameron, Ian: ABC News

Campbell, Barbara: National Public Radio

Campbell Brown, Alma Dale: NBC News

Campbell, Cynthia: CBS News

Canales, Ricardo A.: Fox News Channel

Canter, William: ABC News

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Caplan, Jane: CNN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Carden, Elizabeth: ABC News

Carden, Robert: Information SuperStation

Carey, Julie: NBC-4

Carl, Dana: UPI Radio

Carlson, Brett: CONUS Communications

Carlson, Chris: ABC News

Carlson, Mark: AP-Broadcast

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Television

Carpel, Michael: Fox News Channel

Carpenter Lotz, Julia: C-SPAN

Carpenter, Stephen: C-SPAN

Carr, Martin: WETA-TV

Carr, Sean David: CNN

Carrier, Therese: CBN News

Carter, Craig: WETA-TV

Carter, Kelly M.: Black Entertainment Television

Carvet, Tom: British Broadcasting Corp.

Cassidy, David Martin: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Cassidy, John P.: CTV Television Network

Castillo, Sharon: CBS TeleNoticias

Castillo, Sharon: CBS Telenoticias

Castner, Edward: YLE-Finnish Television

Castro, Margarita: Channel 13-Chile

Catrett, David: CNN/TVS

Cavedo, Bob: C-SPAN

Cavelier, Andres: RCN Television

Centanni, Steve: Fox News Channel

Cha, Eugene: National Public Radio

Chadwick, Alex: National Public Radio

Chaggaris, Steven: C-SPAN

Chamberlain, Richard: Tribune Broadcasting

Chamberlayne, Pye: UPI

Champ, Henry: Canadian Broadcasting

Champagne, Christopher: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Chandonnet, Bridget: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Chang, Mike: Global-TV

Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg Television

[[Page 997]]

Chapman, Mark: Bonneville International Radio-TV

Charbonneau, Melissa: CBN News

Charles, Daniel: National Public Radio

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chattman, Tanya: C-SPAN

Chen, Yi Qiu: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Chester, Allen: Zolcer TV Washington

Chicca, Patricia: CNN

Chrisco, Julie: ESPN News

Christensen, Peter J.: America's Voice

Christian, George: CBS News

Christianson, Nancy: CBS News

Chung, Chen-Fang: Chinese Television

Chung, Julie: WCTV

Chung, Patrice S.: Fox News Channel

Cikhart, Petr: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Cinca, Silvia: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Ciolino, Gina: The Washington Bureau

Clapman, Leah: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Clapp, Heather: CNN

Clapp, Lesly D.: Black Entertainment Television

Clark, C. Jaci: Black Entertainment Television

Clark, James: C-SPAN

Clark, Robert: ABC News

Clark, Stephen: Radio Free Asia

Clark, Theodore: National Public Radio

Clark-Kelly, Carol Anne: National Public Radio

Clarke, Jim: WJLA-TV

Clarke, John: Reuters Television

Clogston, Juanita: Washington News Network

Cloherty, Jack: NBC News

Clough, Bill: UPI Radio

Cochran, John: ABC News

Cockerham, Richard: Fox News Channel

Cocklin, Anne: ABC News

Cocklin, Stephen: ABC News

Coffman, Mary B.: Medill News Service

Cogan, Amie: C-SPAN

Cohen, Aaron: Metro Networks

Cohen, Chad: HealthWeek

Cohen, Jill: AP-Broadcast

Cohen, Josh: C-SPAN

Cohen, Stuart A.: British Broadcasting

Cohencious, Robert: Native American Television

Colby, Alfred: CBS News

Cole, Katie: CNN

Cole, Robert L.: Voice of America

Coleman, Steven E.: AP-Broadcast

Coley, Maurita: Black Entertainment TV

Collier, Nicole: CONUS Communications

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce: C-SPAN

Collins, Pat: NBC-4

Compton, Ann: ABC News

Compton, Woodrow M.: CNN

Conan, Neal: National Public Radio

Conanan, Ann: Ventana Productions

Conlin, Sheila: NBC NewsChannel

Conner, Leslie: C-SPAN

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conrad, Jeffrey A.: C-SPAN

Conrad, Monique: Washington News Network

Conrad, Roderick: Washington Bureau News Service

Contreras, Jorge: Univision News

Contreras, Lalnie: AP-Broadcast

Cook, James: CNN/TVS

Cooke, Leiane: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Coolidge, Richard: ABC News

Cooper, George: CNN

Cooper, Georgina: Feature Story Productions

Cooper, John: Ventana Productions

Corbett, Warren: UPI Radio

Corbey, Robert: ABC News

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Correa, Pedro: CBS TeleNoticias

Corum, Paul H.: CBS News

Costello, Carol: WJLA-TV

Coughlin, Blair: C-SPAN

Coughlin, Daniel: Pacifica Network News

Coukouma, Richard: NBC News

Coulter, Pam: ABC News

Cowherd, Nayada: WTTG-Fox Television

Cowles, Michael: Radio Free Asia

Coyne, Virginia: NBC-TV Stations

Craine, Kristin: Potomac Television

Craley, Norman S.: WETA-TV

Cram, Christopher: NBC NewsChannel

Cranwell, Deborah: CNN

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Craven, William C.: National Public Radio

Crawford, Robert: ABC News

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV

Cremedas, Andrew E.: ABC News

Crenshaw, Elizabeth: NBC-4

Crosariol, Paul M.: Potomac Television Communications

Crosswhite, Karla: CNN

Crouse, Bebe: National Public Radio

Crouse, David: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Crowley, Candy Alt: CNN

Crowley, Dennis M.: United News and Information

Crystal, Lester M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Csongos, Frank: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

Cullen, Patrick: ABC News

Cunningham, Anthony: Reuters Television

Cuong Gia, Pham: CBS News

Cupp, Amy: C-SPAN

Curley, Ann J.: CNN

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curtis, Mark: Cox Broadcasting

Curtis, Peter: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Cusack, Agnes: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Custer, Jeff: Fox News Channel

[[Page 998]]

Czechowski, Julie: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Czigli, Yvette: CTV Television Network

Czzowtiz, Gregory: C-SPAN

D'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

D. Matthew, Martin: CNN/TVS

Dabrowski, Andrzej M.: Polish Public Television

Dadgar, Maria: Native American Television

Dahl, Heather: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Dalton, Lynn: British Broadcasting Corp.

Daly, John: CBS News

Dames, Sabrina: Black Entertainment Television

Dancy, Chris: NBC NewsChannel

Daniel, Roger: CNN/TVS

Daniels, Brady G.: NBC News

Daniels, Steve: NBC News

Darden, Christine: CNN

Daschle, Kelly: APTV-Associated Press

Dashevsky, Arie: Washington News Network

Date, Jack: CNN

Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

Daugherty, Jeffery S.: Worldnet Television

Davenport, Anne Azzi: ABC News

David, Michael M.: CNN/TVS

Davis, Glenn: CNN

Davis, Harry: NBC-4

Davis, Karla: ABC News

Davis, Patrick A.: CNN

Davis, Rebecca: National Public Radio

Davis, Richard: CNN

Davis, Robert: Health Week

Davis, Tanya: America's Voice

Davy, Ernest: ABC News

Day, Richard: WTOP Radio

de Guise, Louis: Canadian Broadcasting

de Nesnera, Andre: Voice of America

De Pino, Javier: Ser Radio Network

DeSantis, Dominic: ABC News

DeSarno, Katherine: C-SPAN

DeVito, Andrea: Fox News Channel

deVogue, Ariane: ABC News

DeWitt, Terry T.: ABC News

Deady, Carolyn: C-SPAN

Deane, Michael: Sky News

Decker, Jonathan: USA Radio Network

Decker, Jonathan P.: USA Radio Network

Deger, Anne: Hamilton Productions

DelColliano, Elizabeth: America's Voice

Delboni, Chris: CBN Radio

Dentzer, Susan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Devir, Megan K: TV Tokyo Channel 12

Devoney, Steve: C-SPAN

DiBacco, Tom: ABC News

DiMassmo, Richard: Native American Television

Diamond, Aaron: France 2 TV

Dickens, Kimberlyn: Reuters Television

Dicus, Howard: WTOP Radio

Dillion, Henry Estel: NBC-TV Stations

Dillon, Arlene: CBS News

Dimmler, Erika: CNN

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Dine, Laura: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Dinh, Anh-Thai: Radio Free Asia

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV

Dockins, Pamela: AP-Broadcast

Dodriquez, Silvia: CMI Television

Doell, Michelle: WTTG-Fox Television

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Dolye, Michelle: WTOP Radio

Donaghy, Nina: British Broadcasting Corp.

Donald, William: Associated Press Television

Donaldson, Sam: ABC News

Donovan, Kerry: NBC News

Donovan, Mary Ellen: NBC-4

Dore, Margaret: NBC-TV Stations

Doreen, McCallister: National Public Radio

Dorman, William G.: CNN

Dorn, Jason M.: Tribune Broadcasting

Dorsee, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Dorsey, Tony: NBC-4

Douglas, Denise: C-SPAN

Douglass, Linda D.: ABC News

Dowling, Stephen: CNBC

Downey, Sharon: Medill News Service

Downhower, Laura: German Television/ZDF

Doyle, Geoffrey: NBC News

Drake, Bruce: National Public Radio

Dresler, Nathan: Talk Radio News Service

Drew, Cahterine: Feature Story Productions

Dreyfuss, Ira: AP-Broadcast

Drum, Jonathan E.: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Du, Anxia: Voice of America

Dubinsky, Vladimir: National Public Radio

Dubios, Gary W.: Voice of America

DuBreuil, James: America's Voice

Dukehart, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Dunbar, Dennis: Information SuperStation

Duncan, Michael J.: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Robert: National Public Radio

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Dunham, Michelle: WTTG-Fox Television

Dunlavey, Thomas J.: CNN

Dunmire, John P.: WTTG-Fox Television

Dunston, Michael: WUSA-TV

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Broadcasting

Durham, Deborah: Univision News

Durham, Lisa R.: CNN

Durham, Stephen: Radio Free Asia

Durkin, Mary Beth: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Dvorkin, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Dyer, Lois: CBS News

Ebinger, Jonathan: ABC News

Eck, Christina: German Press Agency

Edvige, Jean: APTV-Associated Press

[[Page 999]]

Edwards, Bob: National Public Radio

Edwards, Brian: CBN News

Edwards, Bruce: Fox NewsChannel

Edwards, Catherine: Salem Radio Network

Egusqurza, Mariella: ECO-Televisa

Eisele, Catherine: National Public Radio

Eisenbarth, Ronald R.: Bonneville International Radio-TV

Eisenhuth, Alfred: NBC News

Eldridge, James W.: Fox News Channel

Ellard, Nancy: NBC NewsChannel

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Ellison, Donald: Tribune Broadcasting

Elsner, Gretchen: National Public Radio

Encinas, Alvaro: Univision News

Engberg, Eric: CBS News

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Enochs, Kevin: CNN

Epstein, Simon: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Erbe, Bonnie: Persephone Pro

Erlenborn, Dan: NBC News

Ernst, Charlotte: TV2 Denmark

Esler, Carol: AP-Broadcast

Essif, Mason: Health Week

Estrada, Peter: WJLA-TV

Etten, Elizabeth: VOA/Worldnet Television

Etter, Alan: WTOP Radio

Evans, Laura: WTTG-Fox Television

Evans, Robert: Inside Edition

Everly, Thomas: Ventana Productions

Fabic, Greg: C-SPAN

Fadope, Cece Modupe: National Public Radio

Fairman, Gary Lloyd: ABC News

Fant, Barbara: NBC News

Farkas, Daniel: C-SPAN

Farkas, Daniel: CNN/TVS

Farley, James: WTOP Radio

Farrell, Kathryn: C-SPAN

Faulkner, Michael C.: CBS News

Faw, Robert: NBC News

Fay, Ouen: Feature Story Productions

Feachem, Alexandra: National Public Radio

Feathor, Richard: Ventana Productions

Feig, Christy: CNN

Feinberg, Al: WTTG-Fox Television

Feist, Sam E.: CNN

Feldman, Clifford: Fox News Channel

Feldman, Elizabeth: NBC-4

Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

Feldstein, Mark: NBC News

Fendley, Gail: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Feria, Elizabeth: Reuters Television

Fernandez, Cecily: Potomac Television Communications

Fernandez, Junko: Nippon TV Network

Ferris, Shaye: CNN Newsource

Fessler, Pamela: National Public Radio

Fieischer, Heidi: NBC News

Field, Andrew: ABC News

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Filkins, Louise: CNN

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Fine, Tammy: NBC News

Finley, Robert: NBC News

Finney, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Finnigan, Michael: Hearst-Argyle Television

Fino, Carlos: RTP-TV Portugal

Firestone, Richard D.: Voice of America

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fisher, Tobias: CTV Television Network

Flannery, Amy: ABC News

Fleischer, Heidi: NBC News

Flintoff, Corey: National Public Radio

Florez, Jaime: ENVIVO-TV

Flowers, Victoria: CNN

Flug, Carla: National Narrowcast Network

Fluty, Steve: APTV-Associated Press

Flynn, Michael: WUSA-TV

Foelimer, Kristin: Deutsche Welle TV

Fogarty, Kevin: Reuters Television

Foley, Kevin Paul: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Foran, Laura: NBC NewsChannel

Forcey, Diane J.: ABC News

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV

Ford, Michael: ABC News

Forman, David: NBC News

Forner, James: WTTG-Fox Television

Forrest, James M.: NBC-4

Foster-Dotson, Donna: Black Entertainment Television

Foty, Tom: WTOP Radio

Foundas, John: Associated Press Television

Fox, Jan: WUSA-TV

Fox, Michael: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peter: Reuters Television

Frame, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Francis, Fredrick N.: NBC News

Francois, Edrige Jean: Reuters Television

Frankel, Suzanna: C-SPAN

Franken, Robert: CNN

Franklin, Sidrach: Radio Free Asia

Fraser, Jr., Wilfred R.: NBC News

Free, Elissa Blake: CNN

Freed, Jonathan: CBS News

Freedman, Allan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Freeman, Al: AP-Broadcast

Freifeld, Riva: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Freitas, Rosemary: NBC News

Frenk, Clara: Fox News Channel

Freund, Eugen: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Friar, David J.: AP-Broadcast

Fridrich, George: Fox News Channel

Fridrich, George: NBC News

Frieden, Terry: CNN

Friedman, David: Fox News Channel

[[Page 1000]]

Fritz, Hans Peter: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Fry, Jim: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Frydenlund, Brian: CNN/TVS Technical

Fryer, Alan: CTV Television Network

Fulsom, Donald: UPI Radio

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furman, Hal E.: CBS News

Furst, David: WAMU-FM

Fuse, Yuko: Nippon TV Network

Fuss, Brian: CBS News

Fuss, Robert J.: CBS Radio

Futrowsky, David: Fox News Channel

Gabala, Rick: C-SPAN

Gabriel, Oscar Wells: AP-Broadcast

Gabriel, Roberta Jean: NBC NewsChannel

Gaffney, Brian: NBC News

Gaffney, Deirdre: NBC News

Gaffney, Dennis: CONUS Communications

Gaither, Karen: C-SPAN

Gaito, Vincent: ABC News

Gale, Morgan A.: National Narrowcast Network, LP

Gallagher, Joseph: Voice of America

Galperin, Meg: C-SPAN

Gamble, William: NBC-4

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Ganslmeier, Martin: German Broadcasting/ARD

Garber, Harriet: CBS News

Gardner, Cy: Washington News Network

Gargiulo, Michael: Hearst-Argyle Television

Garraty, Timothy C.: CNN/TVS

Gartlan, Joan: WUSA-TV

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gasque, Steve: Cox Broadcasting

Gately, Jim: WWOR-TV

Gates, Gregory S.: Potomac Television Communications

Gato, Pablo: CBS TeleNoticias

Gavin, Chris: Airwaves, Inc.

Gebhardt, William A.: NBC News

Gelb, Amos: CNN

Gelfman, Andrew: Washington News Network

Gendron, Guy: Canadian Broadcasting

Genter, Joyce: C-SPAN

Gentilo, Richard S.: APTV-Associated Press

Gentzler, Doreen: NBC-4

George, Deborah: National Public Radio

George, Maurice: CNN/TVS

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Gerstein, Josh: ABC News

Giacomo, John: Washington News Network

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbons, Sean: CNN

Gibbs, Lura Annette: Black Entertainment Television

Gibson, Jake: NBC NewsChannel

Gibson, Jake: NBC Newschannel

Gibson, Jr., Frank L.: NBC News

Giebel, Edward: ABC News

Gildea, Maria: C-SPAN

Giles, Frank: CBS News

Giles, Katherine: Tokyo Broadcasting System International

Gillan, Jennifer: Hearst-Argyle Television

Gillette, David A.: WETA-TV

Gilley, Robert: CNN/TVS

Gilliam, Gordon: CBS News

Gilman, Jeffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Gilmore, Mary Jo: WJLA-TV

Gilmour, Sandy: NBC NewsChannel

Ginebra, Nelson: NBC NewsChannel

Ginsberg, Judah: CNN

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Giusto, Thomas: ABC News

Gjelten, Tom: National Public Radio

Glass, Robert P.: ABC News

Glynn, William: NBC NewsChannel

Goble, Paul: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Goforth, Stephen: America's Voice

Gold, Lawrence: Washington News Network

Gold, Lesley: CNN

Gold, Peter: Fuji Television

Gold, Robert: WMET Radio

Gold, Walter: Washington News Network

Goldfein, Michael: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Goldgarb, Loren: NBC News

Goldman, Jeff: CBS News

Gomez, Augusto: Fox News Channel

Gonzalez, Carlos: WTTG-Fox Television

Goodman, Susan: WAMU-FM

Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

Gordon, Herbert: NBC-4

Gordon, Patrice: C-SPAN

Gordon, Stuart: ABC News

Gorin, Timothy: NBC News

Gorman, James: APTV-Associated Press

Gotkin, Sharon: UPI Radio

Gottlieb, Brian: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Grabow, Barton: National Public Radio

Grace, Anita C.: CNN

Gradison, Robin: ABC News

Grage, Esben: Danish Broadcasting

Grain, David: Black Entertainment Television

Grant, Neva: National Public Radio

Gratehouse, Kathleen: CNN

Gravois, Karen A.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Gray, Jennifer: C-SPAN

Gray, Robert: NBC NewsChannel

Gray, Robert D.: NBC NewsChannel

Gray-Houston, Karen: WTTG-Fox Television

Greco, John: NBC News

Green, Daniel C.: ABC News

Green, Myra P.: ABC News

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC NewsChannel

Greenberg, Lee: C-SPAN

Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

[[Page 1001]]

Greene, James M.: NBC News

Greene, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Greenfield, Heather Lee: AP-Broadcast

Greenwood, John Kevin: NBC-4

Greenwood, William: ABC News

Gregory, Bettina L.: ABC News

Gregory, David: NBC News

Gregory, Mary: CNN

Greiner, Nicholas: ABC News

Griffin, Eileen: WETA-TV

Griffith, Gary: Hearst-Argyle Television

Griffith, Wendy: CBN News

Gross, Andrew F.: NBC News

Gross, Caitlin: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Grossman, Erin: CNN

Grossman, Robert: CNN

Guarino, Christopher: CNN

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV

Gudenkauf, Anne E.: National Public Radio

Guise, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Gursky, Gregg: Fox News Channel

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio and Press Service

Gutnikov, Robert: APTV-Associated Press

Gutnikov, Robert: Associated Press Television

Gutzeit, Andreas: Zolcer TV Washington

Guzman, Armando: Univision News

Haberstick, Fred: Fox News Channel

Haefeli, Brian: NBC News

Hagan, Kendall: Fox News Channel

Hager, Jeff: The Washington Bureau

Hager, Mary K.: CBS News

Hager, Robert M.: NBC News

Hagerty, Michael E.: Fox News Channel

Haggerty, Patrick B.: WGN Radio/U.S. Farm Report

Hainey, Robert S.: Metro Networks

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV

Hall, David: Austrialian Broadcasting

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Hall, Rosemary: Voice of America

Haller, Klaus J.: German Radio NDR/WDR

Hallewell, Thomas: Radio Free Asia

Hallmark, David Allan: CBN News

Halpin, Colleen: NBC News

Halton, David: Canadian Broadcasting

Haltpgnny, Sara: ITN of London

Hamilton, Christopher: CNN/TVS

Hamilton, Tamara: CNN

Hammer, Michael J.: AP-Broadcast

Hampton, Cheryl: National Public Radio

Hamrick, Mark A.: AP-Broadcast

Hanchett, James: NBC NewsChannel

Hanchett, James C.: NBC NewsChannel

Hanchett, Sally: NBC NewsChannel

Handelsman, Stephen: NBC-TV Stations

Hanoura, Hamada: C-SPAN

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hansen, Liane: National Public Radio

Hanshaw, John B.: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Harding, Alejandro: Video News Services

Harding, William: Ventana Productions

Hargreaves, Robert: CNBC

Hargte, John: CBS News

Harmeyer, Nancy: Fox News Channel

Harmon, Catherine R.: WTOP Radio

Harmon, Elizabeth A.: National Public Radio

Harper, Steven: CBS News

Harrington, Craig J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Harriott, James: Worldnet Television

Harris, Emily: Feature Story Productions

Harris, Mary: WTTG-Fox Television

Harris, Richard F.: National Public Radio

Harris, Stewart: ABC News

Harter, John R.: WJLA-TV

Hartogs, Peter: CNN

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Harvey, Edward H.: WETA-TV

Hass, Thomas: Swedish Television

Hassett, Jody: CNN

Hatch, Scott: C-SPAN

Hayden, Kathleen: CNN

Hayley, Harold Paul: NBC News

Haynes, Bonnie: Airwaves, Inc.

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Hazelwood, Ed: Aviation Week TV

Headen, Greg: Fox News Channel

Heath, Angela: Nightly Business Report

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heik, Jens: German Television/ZDF

Helou, Souheil: ANA-TV

Hendin, Robert: CBS News

Hendricks, Jeffrey A.: Court TV

Henning, Marcia: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Henrenhan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Herbas, Francis: C-SPAN

Herbert, Marcus: British Broadcasting Corp.

Herbst, Christian: Nippon TV Network

Herman, Charles: ABC News

Herman, Lawrence: WJLA-TV

Hernandez, Carlos E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Hershow, Shelia: ABC News

Hessler, Mark: Swiss TV

Hester, Dierdre: CBS News

Hetkaemper, Robert: ARD German Television

Hewitt, Candace: WJLA-TV

Heyman, Douglas: C-SPAN

Heyman, Leslye: C-SPAN

Hickman, Stacy: Fox News Channel

Hindes, Walter R.: AP-Broadcast

Hinds, Hugh: WJLA-TV

Hinnewinkel, Olivier: European Broadcasting Union

Hirsh, Stephen: Fox News Channel

Hix, Leta: C-SPAN

Hoan, Pham Boi: CBS News

Hoffmann, Sabine: ARD German Television

[[Page 1002]]

Hohn, Natalie: Fox News Channel

Hoiland, Harald: WUSA-TV

Holland, John: NBC News

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul E.: BT Video Productions

Holly, Derrill: Associated Press Television

Holman, Kwame: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV

Holmes, Jonathan: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Holmes, Kristen: C-SPAN

Hong, Carolyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Hoose, Monica: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Hopkins, Adrienne: Fox News Channel

Horan, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Hormann, William: America's Voice

Horne, Roger: German Television Agency

Hornig Draper, Roberta: NBC News

Hosty, Katie: AP-Broadcast

Hosty, Katie: Potomac TV

Houston, Chris: WUSA-TV

Hovell, Dean: ABC News

Howard, Hillary: WTTG-Fox Television

Howell, Evan: CONUS Communications

Hsu, Roger: CTN

Hudson, Christian: CNN

Hudson, Ira John: NBC-4

Huff, Daniel R.: APTV-Associated Press

Hughes, Lisa A.: CBS News

Hui, Fong Fair: Radio Free Asia

Hui, Janice: CNN

Humphries, Keona: AP-Broadcast

Hung, Shirley: CNN

Hunt, Jonathan: Sky News

Hurt, James: NBC NewsChannel

Husarik, Jennifer: CBS News

Hutchins, Christopher: Tribune Broadcasting

Hutchins, Stacy: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Hutchinson, Michael: Court TV

Hyater, John E.: WETA-TV

Ide, Charles: WETA-TV

Ifill, Gwen: NBC News

Ikehara, Mariko: C-NET

Inai, Eiichiro: Tokyo Broadcasting System International

Ingram, Shermaze: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Inskeep, Steve: National Public Radio

Irvin, David L.: MBC (Middle Eastern Broadcasting)

Irving, John: Metro Networks

Ishaq, Salim I.: NBC News

Isner, Michael: CBN News

Ito, Kyoko: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Ito, Takanobu: TV Asahi

Izumo, Shuichi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Jackson, Crystal: WTTG-Fox Television

Jackson, Eric C.: WTOP Radio

Jackson, Keith: Fox News Channel

Jackson, Tioka T.: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Jackson, Todd: WUSA-TV

Jacobs, Philip: NBC-4

Jacobson, Murrey: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Jaconi, Michelle: NBC News

Jaffe, Gary: Voice of America

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Janjigian, Janet: NBC News

Jankowski, Judith: Fox News Channel

Jansen, Torsten: Danish Broadcasting

Jarvis, Debbi: NBC-4

Jaskot, Sheila: WTTG-Fox Television

Javoria, Philippe: Radio Free Asia

Jay, Hamilton: Hamilton Productions

Jeffries, Katherine A: C-SPAN

Jenkins, David: CNN/TVS

Jenkins, Greg: Fox News Channel

Jenkins, Loren: National Public Radio

Jennings, Edward: ABC News

Jennings, Mary Ann: WTOP Radio

Jensen, Heidi: ABC News

Jermin, Ede R.: NBC-4

Jessen, Peder: TV2 Norway

Ji, Feng: Voice of America

Jia, Wei-ye: The Washington Bureau

Jimenez, Martin: CNN/TVS

John, Hamilton: Hamilton Productions

Johnson, Anne-Hope: C-SPAN

Johnson, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Johnson, Douglas: C-SPAN

Johnson, Fletcher: ABC News

Johnson, Irene Marie: Tribune Broadcasting

Johnson, Jeffrey S.: Family News In Focus

Johnson, Jennifer: NBC NewsChannel

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kia R.: Reuters Television

Johnson, Leroy: NBC News

Johnson, Martha S.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Johnson, Obin: CBS News

Johnson, Rolanda: German Television/ZDF

Johnson, Sasha: CNN

Johnson, William: ABC News

Johnston, Derek L.: ABC News

Jones, Hannelore: German Public Radio

Jones, Keena: C-SPAN

Jones, Morris: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Nelson: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Phil: CBS News

Jones, Rachel: National Public Radio

Jones, Robert: Washington Bureau News Service

Jordan, Adriene: CBS News

Joy, Richard: Ventana Productions

Joya, Steven: ABC News

Joyce, Christopher: National Public Radio

Judd, Jacqueline: ABC News

Juenger, Georg: German Television/ZDF

Jupe, Rita: CNN

Jursa-Murphy, Sabine: Pro 7 German TV

[[Page 1003]]

Just, Sara: ABC News

Kaeswurm, Martin: German Television Agency

Kahn, Emma: Fox News Channel

Kahn, Michael W.: AP-Broadcast

Kaiser, Monika: ARD German Television

Kalbfeld, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Kalfopulos, Joy: ABC News

Kalteis, Nico: German Television/ZDF

Kaplan, Margaret: CBS News

Karato, Tomoo: TV Tokyo Channel 12

Karnahl, Ingolf: German Broadcasting/ARD

Kasell, Carl: National Public Radio

Kaster, Charles: Native American Television

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Kato, Atsushi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Katz, Amy: Worldnet Television

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Katz, Hubert B.: Voice of America

Katz, Jenna: Feature Story Productions

Kauffman, Alexandra: CNN

Kaufmann, Carol: Fox News Channel

Kawaguchi, Daniel: Voice of America

Kay, Kathy: British Broadcasting Corp.

Kaye, Matthew: the Berns Bureau

Kelleher, Kristine: APTV-Associated Press

Kellerman, Georg: ARD German Television

Kellerman, Mike: South African Broadcasting

Kelley, Alice: German Television/ZDF

Kelley, Jonathan: C-SPAN

Kellogg, Becky: WJLA-TV

Kelly, Archie M.: WJLA-TV

Kennedy, Brian: Can Am Group

Kennedy, John: ABC News

Kennedy, Robert: C-SPAN

Kenny, Justin: Reuters Television

Kent, Sammy: Washington News Network

Kenyon, Peter: National Public Radio

Kerr, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Ketcham, Lewis: C-SPAN

Keuper, Dirk: ARD German Television

Keyes, Charles F.: CNN

Khananayev, Grigory: Fox NewsChannel

Kim, Eugene: AP-Broadcast

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kevin: WUSA-TV

King, Kristi: WTOP Radio

King, Kyle: Voice of America

Kinlaw, Worth: CNN/TVS

Kirksey, Libra: Airwaves, Inc.

Kirtz, Julie: Fox News Channel

Kizer, James S.: NBC-4

Klaeuser, Horst: German Radio NDR/WDR

Klayman, Elliot: NBC News

Kleber, Claus: ARD German Television

Kleder, Martha W.: Family News In Focus

Klug, Pamela: NBC NewsChannel

Knoll, Jennifer: Reuters Television

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, John: ABC News

Knox, Ronald: NBC News

Ko, Ernie: Taiwan Television

Koch, Kathleen: CNN

Kodama, Yoko: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Koelsch, Udo: German Radio NDR/WDR

Koenig, Lisa: ABC News

Kofoed, Jannich: Danish Broadcasting

Kojovic, Predrag: Reuters Television

Koller, Frank: Canadian Broadcasting

Kolodziejczak, Thomas R.: Potomac Television Communications

Koolhof, Vanessa M.: WUSA-TV

Korich, Kim: Potomac Television Communications

Kornely, Michael: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Kornhauser, David: Nippon TV Network

Korth, Anja: German Television/ZDF

Kos, Martin A.: BT Video Productions

Koslow, Marc: NBC News

Kosnar, Mike: NBC News

Kotke, Wolfgang: Zolcer TV Washington

Kovac, Christina: NBC-4

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Krakower, Gary: CNN

Krause, Charles: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Krebs, Joe: NBC-4

Kremer, Stephen: Maryland Public Television

Kretman, Lester A.: NBC News

Kroah, Don: Salem Radio Network

Kross, Kathryn: ABC News

Krost, Jack: CNN

Kupperman, Tamara: NBC News

Kur, Robert Ellis: NBC News

Kuroiwa, Yuji: Fuji Television

Lacey, Donna E.: Black Entertainment Television

Laflamme, Micheline: Canadian Broadcasting

Lafrance, Pierre Leon: Canadian Broadcasting

Lagan, Christopher: Reuters Television

LaLonde, Tom: C-SPAN

Lamb, Brian P.: C-SPAN

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

LaMonica, John C.: ABC News

Landay, Woody: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Landy, Hope: C-SPAN

Lane, Lisa: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Langley, Larry: CNN/TVS

Langley, Michael E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Langmade, Brigette: Cox Broadcasting

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

LaSalla, Susan Alice: NBC News

Lavon, Neal J.: Voice of America

Lavallee, Michael: Tokyo Broadcasting System International

Lawn, Connie: Audio Video News

Lawrence, Michael: National Public Radio

Lawton, Kim A.: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

[[Page 1004]]

Lazernik, Ira: WTTG-Fox Television

LeBon, Hilary: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

LeBrecht, Thelma: AP-Broadcast

LeCroy, Lillian: Fox News Channel

LeCroy, Philip L.: Fox News Channel

LeMay, James: WJLA-TV

Leake, Myron A.: CNN/TVS

Lebedeva, Natasha: NBC News

Lee, Alexandra: Hearst-Argyle Television

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Edward F.: WETA-TV

Lee, Kyu: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Marietta S.: Court TV

Lee, Rich: Salem Radio Network

Leeds, Larry: Native American Television

Lefowitz, Elena: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Leger, Jill: C-SPAN

Lehrer, Jim: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Lehrman, Margaret: NBC News

Leidelmeyer, Ronald: NBC-TV Stations

Leigh, Lisa: Tribune Broadcasting

Leissner, Janet: CBS News

Lelle, Werner: German Television/ZDF

Lent, David: TV 2 Denmark

Lentz, Rudiger: Deutsche Welle TV

Lepofsky, Suzanne: CNN

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Lesher, Jim: National Public Radio

Lessa, Claudio G.: CBS TeleNoticias

Leung, Christopher: Radio Free Asia

Levine, Adam: CNBC

Levine, Sandra: Metro Teleproductions

Lewine, Frances L.: CNN

Lewis, Edward: Fox News Channel

Lewis, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Li, Denise: CBS News

Li, Rong: Chinese Television Network

Li, Tian: Radio Free Asia

Li, Yue: Radio Free Asia

Liasson, Mara: National Public Radio

Libert, Tara: Swiss Broadcasting

Lien, Arthur: NBC News

Lilling, Dave: Metro Teleproductions, Inc.

Lilly, Torrence: ABC News

Limbach, Francis J.: AP-Broadcast

Lin, Linda: Chinese Television Network

Lindberg, Lyle H.: Worldnet Television

Linden, Kim: CNN

Lindesay, Mark: Potomac Television Communications

Lindroos, Reijo: Finnish Broadcasting

Lindsay, Claudette: National Public Radio

Ling, Ronald: WUSA-TV

Lipkin, Rebecca: ABC News

Lipper, Tamara: ABC News

Lipson, Evan: CNN

Lipton, Eric: Tribune Broadcasting

Lister, Richard: British Broadcasting Corp.

Little, Craig A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Little, Mark: RTE-Irish TV and Radio

Liu, Enming: Chinese Television Network

Liu, Ted W.: WCTV

Lively, Lydia S.: NBC News

Lock, Kenneth L.: ABC News

Lodato, Mark Jeffery: WUSA-TV

Lodoe, Kalden: Radio Free Asia

Loescher, Skip: CNN Newsource

London, Gina: CNN

London, Nicole: To the Contrary

Long, Chris: C-SPAN

Long, James V.: NBC News

Loomans, Kathryn: AP-Broadcast

Loper, Catherine: ABC News

Lorek, Stanley: ABC News

Lormand, John: CBN News

Lott, Bruce: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Lottman, Jonathan: America's Defense Monitor

Loucks, William: Canadian Broadcasting

Lowe, Joseph: FDCH

Lowe, Matt: CBS News

Lowman, Wayne: Fox News Channel

Luck, David: C-SPAN

Ludlan, Nicholas: Zolcer TV Washington

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Luhn, Laura W.: Fox News Channel

Lule, Julie R.: Talk Radio News Service

Lumpkin, Beverley C.: ABC News

Lund, Susan: National Public Radio

Lundberg, Ken: Potomac Radio News

Lutt, Howard: CNN/TVS

Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Television

Lutz, Ellsworth: ABC News

Lychongsu, Maysoly: Radio Free Asia

Lyden, Jacki: National Public Radio

Lyle, Robert: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Lynn, Jack: CNN

Macaluso, Nora: Bloomberg Television

Maccubbin, Justed: C-SPAN

MacDonald, Charles: CTV Television Network

MacDonald, Jim: CTV Television Network

MacFarlane, Sarah: C-SPAN

MacHardy, V. Cybele: CNN

Macias, Shari Chan: NBC-4

Maddux, Catherine: National Public Radio

Maer, Peter: CBS News

Magee, Robert: British Broadcasting Corp.

Maggi, Yolanda: Fox News Channel

Maggiolo, Vito: CNN

Mahoney, Thomas R.: Voice of America

Maiello, Daniel G.: CNN

Majchrowitz, Michael C.: CONUS Communications

Majerus, Marlis: Bonneville International Radio-TV

Mallory, Brenda N.: NBC-4

Malone, James: Voice of America

Malveaux, Suzanne M.: NBC News

[[Page 1005]]

Mancuso, Joseph: Mid-Atlantic Media

Mangus, Richard: Talk Radio News Service

Manifold, Geoffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Marash, David: ABC News

Marbourg, Robert: WTOP Radio

Marchione, Mark Anthony: CNN/TVS

Marcus, Llana: CNN

Margolis, James: CBS News

Mario, Casella: Swiss Broadcasting

Marks, Simon: Feature Story Productions

Marsh, Mary C.: ABC News

Marshall, Nancy: Feature Story Productions

Martelli, Joan: ABC News

Martin, Allison: C-SPAN

Martin, Jaime: Video News Service

Martin, James: ABC News

Martin, Jennifer: CNN

Martin, John: ABC News

Martin, Mary S.: CBS News

Martin, Rick: NBC-4

Martinez, Luis E.: ABC News

Masciarelli, Anthony: Worldnet Television

Mason, Suzanne K.: WJLA-TV

Masoud, Tarek E.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Mattesky, Thomas A.: CBS News

Matthews, Claude: NBC News

Matthews, Kathleen: WJLA-TV

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

Maurus, Hans-Juergen: German Public Radio

Maxwell, Shelly: America's Voice

May, Melissa: CNN

Mayer, Charles: National Public Radio

Mayes, Michael E.: WETA-TV

Mazza, Mathieu: NewsGroup, Inc.

McAlary, David E./: Voice of America

McCalister, Sharon: National Public Radio

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean P.: C-SPAN

McCarren, Andrea: ABC News

McCarthy, Lark: WTTG-Fox Television

McCarty, Dennis: CNN/TVS

McCarty, Donald Jay: CBS News

McCash, Douglas: German Television/ZDF

McCaughan, Timothy: CNN

McClam, Kevin: CNN/TVS

McCleery, Kathleen: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

McClellan, Maxwell: CBS News

McClure, Tipp: Reuters Television

McClurkin, Don: WETA-TV

McConagha, Megan: C-SPAN

McConnaughey, Brian: Information SuperStation

McDonough, Challiss E.: Voice of America

McCrary, Ron: C-SPAN

McCutchen, Yolanda: NBC News

McDermott, Frank: WUSA-TV

McDermott, Richard: NBC-TV Stations

McDonough, Colleen: Bloomberg Television

McDougall, Ian: Reuters Television

McGill, Mile: CNN

McGinn, Anne: Fox News Channel

McGinty, Derek G.: WJLA-TV

McGlinchy, James: CBS News

McGowan, David: WETA-TV

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGreevy, Allen: Sky News

McGuire, Brad: C-SPAN

McGuire, Matthew: C-SPAN

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McInerney, Darren E.: CNN

McKelway, Doug: NBC-4

McKnight, William C.: WUSA-TV

McLaughlin, Sean P.: To the Contrary

McLean, Jacquiline: WTTG-Fox Television

McManamon, Erin T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

McManus, Michael: CNN

McMearty, Michael: WTOP Radio

McMichael, Samuel: CNN/TVS

McMillen, Wil: Americas Voice

McMurtrie, Craig: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

McQueen, Michel: ABC News

McWethy, John: ABC News

Means, Jeffrey W.: Voice of America

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William: CNN

Meeks, Brock Nolan: NBC News

Meghan, Sagar: AP-Broadcast

Melendy, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision News

Mendoza, Mary: Potomac Television Communications

Meraz, Gregorio: ECO News Television

Merritt, Kathleen: WAMU-FM

Meserve, Jeanne M.: CNN

Metil, Adrienne: Associated Press Television

Meyer, Jill: CBS News

Meyer, Richard: CBS News

Michael, Michelle: NBC-4

Michaud, Bryant T.: AP-Broadcast

Michaud, Robert: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Michele, Wasserman: Hamilton Productions

Migas, Portia R.: ABC News

Mihalisko, Michael: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Milenic, Alexander: Deutsche Welle

Miller, Andrew: C-SPAN

Miller, Annette L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Avery: ABC News

Miller, Clarence: CONUS Communications

Miller, Elizabeth: British Broadcasting Corp.

Miller, Evan: NBC NewsChannel

Miller, Leslie F.: NBC News

Miller, Lonnie: Cox Broadcasting

Miller, Michael: Fox NewsChannel

[[Page 1006]]

Miller, Mitchell: WTOP Radio

Miller, Paul: Feature Story Productions

Miller, Scott: CNN

Mills, Jim: Fox News

Mills, Kate: C-SPAN

Mills, Susan L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Milstein, Jeff: CNN

Minichello, James: UPI Radio

Minner, Richard: NBC News

Minor, Ronald: NBC-4

Minott, Gloria: WPFW-FM

Mir Ibarra, Abner S.: Radio Free Asia

Miskw, Jay: WJLA-TV

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitchell, Jacqueline: America's Voice

Mitchell, Russell: CBS News

Mitchell, Traci: Cox Broadcasting

Mitnick, Steven: NBC-TV Stations

Miyagi, Yoshinori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Miyata, Takeaki: TV Asahi

Mochizuki, Tsuruo: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Moeller, Ute: Talk Radio News Service

Moiore, Kristin J.: NBC News

Molina-Roman, Adriana: Univision News

Monange, Aryelle: France 2 TV

Monblatt, Robyn: Worldnet Television

Montague, William: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Monte, John: NBC News

Montenegro, Lori: CBS TeleNoticias

Monterio, Cedric: Canadian Broadcasting

Montgomery, Alicia: National Public Radio

Montgomery, Jr., Charles: Black Entertainment Television

Moore, Corey B.: Black Entertainment Television

Moore, Dennis: Nightly Business Report

Moore, Linwood: C-SPAN

Moore, Russell T.: NBC News

Moore, W. Harrison: CNN/TVS

Moran, James M.: The Washington Bureau

Morano, Marc: Mid-Atlantic Media

Moreno, Rosa M: European Broadcasting Union

Morgan, Thomas: Voice of America

Morris, Alice K.: ABC News

Morris, Diane: C-SPAN

Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

Morrisette, Roland G.: Bloomberg Television

Morse, Rick: CNN/TVS

Morton, Bruce: CNN

Morton, Dan: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: Univision News

Moseley, Terry: Reuters Television

Mosettig, Michael D.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Mosley, Joseph: CNN/TVS

Moss, Michael: WTOP Radio

Motley, Liz: America's Voice

Mottola, Lorraine: ZDF German Television

Mouangkham, Bounchanh: Radio Free Asia

Mountcastle, Katharine: CBS News

Muda, Akihiro: Nippon TV Network

Mueller, John: CBN News

Muhammad, Seleena: Fox NewsChannel

Muir, Robert: Reuters Television

Mulera, John H.: NBC News

Mulvey, Julian: C-SPAN

Munoz, Jacqueline: Venta Productions

Munoz, Luis: CNN/TVS

Munro, Stephen B.: National Public Radio

Muratani, Tateki: Fuji Television

Murotani, Makiko: Tokyo Broadcasting System International

Murphy, Christina: The Washington Bureau

Murphy, Heather: CBS News

Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Murphy, Terence S.: C-SPAN

Murray, Emily S.: CBN News

Murray, Tim: Ventana Productions

Murrow, Keith W.: America's Voice

Muse, Pat Lawson: NBC-4

Myers, Adolyn: NBC News

Myers, Lisa M.: NBC News

Myers, Wayne: WUSA-TV

Nappi, Gwen: America's Voice

Narahari, Priya: APTV-Associated Press

Nascimento, Aurea: Univision News

Nash, John C.: WETA-TV

Nash, Todd: CONUS Communications

Naso, Erik: WTTG-Fox Television

Nathan, Nancy B.: NBC News

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Neapolitan, Michael: CONUS Communications

Neary, Lynn: National Public Radio

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Neely, Prenella: Black Entertainment Television

Nelson, Donna: NBC News

Nelson, James B.: Fox News Channel

Nelson, Norman: WETA-TV

Nesbitt, Margaret: ABC News

Neubauer, Kristin: NBC News

Neustadt, James J.: NBC-4

Newberry, Tom: NBC NewsChannel

Newell, Emily: Ventana Productions

Newman, Patricia A.: Black Entertainment Television

Newman, Tracey: NBC News

Newrkla, Susanne: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Nickels, IIona: C-SPAN

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

Nielsen, John: National Public Radio

Nikfar, Bethany: CNN

Nix, Jack C.: Potomac Television Communications

Noble, Jeffrey S.: CNN/TVS

Noccciolo, Ernest G.: CNN/TVS

Nolan, Caroline S.: CNN

Nolen, John: CBS News

[[Page 1007]]

Nonamaker, William T.: Potomac Television Communications

Norins, Jamie F.: Potomac Television Communications

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard A.: ABC News

Norris, Christopher: Potomac Television Communications

Norris, Michele L.: ABC News

Norwood, Joelle: Airwaves, Inc.

Novikov, Eugueni K.: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Nowells, Hendrix F.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Nurnberger, Lisa: National Native News

Nyane, Khin Maung: Radio Free Asia

Nystrom, Linda: Talk Radio News Service

O'Berlin, Colette: France 2 TV

O'Brien, Tim: ABC News

O'Connell, Ashana: CNN Newsource

O'Connor, Herb: ABC News

O'Connor, Philip: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

O'Donnell, Norah: MSNBC

O'Hara, Victoria: National Public Radio

O'Leary, John M.: CBN News

O'Neill, Margaret: Information SuperStation

O'Shea, Daniel J.: ABC News

Oberlander, Sylvie: NBC News

Ogoshi, Kumiko: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Okamura, Koji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Okita, Teri: WUSA-TV

Olofsson, Morgan: Swedish Television

Olsen, Carolyn E.: TV Asahi

Olsen, Kirsten: USA Today Online

Olsher, Dean: National Public Radio

Onofrio, Silvia: Talk Radio News Service

Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

Orr, K. Robert: CBS News

Ottalini, David: CNN Newsource

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Owens, Gerald W.: WUSA-TV

Pacheco, Sarah: CNN/TVS

Pack, Michael: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Padden, Brian: VOA/Worldnet Television

Palacio, Zulima: Worldnet Television

Palca, Joseph: National Public Radio

Palmer, John S.: NBC News

Panzer, Chester: NBC-4

Pappas, Ike: Washington News Network

Parenteau, Helene: Canadian Broadcasting

Parker, Gillian: ABC News

Parker, Robert G.: CNN/TVS

Parker, Shaun: Black Entertainment Television

Parsons, Nancy: C-SPAN

Patrick, Daniel: WUSA-TV

Patruznick, Michael: C-SPAN

Patterson, Jay E.: ABC News

Patterson, Thomas: CONUS Communications

Pauls, Hartmut: German Television/ZDF

Paxton, Bradford S.: Potomac Television Communications

Pe, Win: Radio Free Asia

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Television

Pearson, Hampton: CNBC

Peek, Tim: NBC News

Pelley, Scott C.: CBS News

Peltier, Yves: Canadian Broadcasting

Penaloza, Marisa: National Public Radio

Pence, Rhonda: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Pennybacker, Gail: WJLA-TV

Peppers, Gregory: National Public Radio

Pergram, Chad R.: National Public Radio

Perl, Drora: IDF Radio-Galei Tzahal

Perl, Rebecca: National Public Radio

Pessin, Donald: Fox News Channel

Peterman, Tara: Sky News

Peters, Michael: CNN/TVS

Peters, Nick: APTN

Peterson, Gordon: WUSA-TV

Peterson, Rebecca S.: CBS News

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Pfleger, Peter: German Television/ZDF

Phillips, Steven: Reuters Television

Pickett, Paul: C-SPAN

Pierce, Maura: C-SPAN

Piersol, Elizabeth: WETA-TV

Pinkas, Boris: Video News Service

Pinto, Lauren: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Pitcairn, Ducan: Reuters Television

Pitcher, Amy Marie: Potomac Television Communications

Pitsinger, Geraldine: Fox News Channel

Pittman, Anthony: Black Entertainment Television

Pizarro, Fernando: National Television of Chile

Plante, William: CBS News

Player, Darryl: Black Entertainment Television

Plomp, Margaret: NOS Dutch Radio & TV

Plotkin, Mark: WAMU-FM

Plummer, Keith B.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Ponce, Felipe: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Popkin, James K.: NBC News

Porter, Almon L.: CONUS Communications

Potisk, Steven: AP-Broadcast

Poucher, Julie Anne: NBC News

Powell, Mary Jo: WTOP Radio

Powell, Norman: Worldnet Television

Powell, Shannon: Fox NewsChannel

Powell, Shannon: Potomac Television Communications

Prakash, Snigdha: National Public Radio

Pratt, Jim: WUSA-TV

Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

Presutti, Carolyn: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Price, Lisa: C-SPAN

Privitera, Alexander: Pro Sieben

Prizer, John: Manifold Productions, Inc.

Publicover, Robert J.: WTOP Radio

[[Page 1008]]

Puckett, Richard: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, John D.: Worldnet Television

Quinn, Mary E.: ABC News

Quinnette, John Jay: CNN/TVS

Rabbage, Mark: British Broadcasting Corp.

Rabin, Mark: ABC News

Rackwitz, Ingolf: German Public Radio

Raddatz, Martha: ABC News

Ramon, Fausto: Reuters Television

Ramos, Lydia: NBC News

Ramsay, Stuart Ross: Sky News

Ramshaw, Gregg: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Randall, Gene: CNN

Randle, Jim: Voice of America

Rappaz, Bernard: Swiss Broadcasting

Rasmussen, Lisa: NBC-4

Rath, Arun Shankar: National Public Radio

Rathner, Jeff: WETA-TV

Ratner, Ellen: Talk Radio New Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Ratns, Timothy: AP-Broadcast

Ravin, Dan: CBS News

Raz, Guy: National Public Radio

Reals, Gary: WUSA-TV

Reap, Patrick T.: CNN

Redding, William: ABC News

Reddoor, Charles: Native American Television

Reese, Courtenay K.: NBC News

Reese, Orla: AP-Broadcast

Reid, Chip: NBC News

Reilly, Paul A.: AP-Broadcast

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reis, Sean: NBC NewsChannel

Remillard, Michele: Fox News Channel

Renfro, Owen: CNN

Rensberger, Scott A.: TV2 Denmark

Resnick, Jonathan: Reuters Television

Reuter, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Reyes, Victor: CBS TeleNoticias

Reynolds, Robert: CNBC

Rhule, Julie: Talk Radio News Service

Rice, Alan Gregory: NBC News

Richard, Sylvain: Canadian Broadcasting

Richards, Michael W.: CBS News

Richardson, Tom: Radio Free Asia

Richerson, Debbie: C-SPAN

Rickard, Michael R.: WTTG-Fox Television

Rickun, Marcie A.: NBC News

Riegert, Bernd: Deutsche Welle TV

Riepe, Hans-Juergen: ARD German Television

Ries, Jennifer: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Rife, Marvin: Bonneville International

Riffle, Luke John: Ventana Productions

Riggs, James W.: CNN/TVS

Riggs, Karen: C-SPAN

Riggs, Tyrone W.: CNN/TVS

Riha, Anne Marie: CONUS Communications

Riner, Corbett: Fox News Channel

Ritchie, Thomas: APTV-Associated Press

Rivera, Clara: Reuters Television

Roach, Amy: C-SPAN

Robbins, Diana: German Radio NDR/WDR

Robeck, Donald: Pacifica Network News

Roberts, Christopher: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Roberts, Corinne B.: ABC News

Roberts, Douglas B.: Voice of America

Robertson, Greg: CNN/TVS

Robinson, Clyde: NBC News

Robinson, Douglas: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Robinson, Laura: CNN Newsource

Robinson, Peggy: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Rocha, Daniel: American Radio & TV

Rocha, Juan D.: American Radio & TV

Rocha, Samuel: American Radio & TV

Rochelle, Carl: CNN

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rodgers, William F.: Voice of America

Rodriguez, Luz: Radio Nacional De Espana

Rodriguez, Martine: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Rogers, Jeffrey S.: National Public Radio

Rogers, Patrick: CONUS Communications

Rogosin, Joshua: Washington Bureau News Service

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC-TV Stations

Romilly, George: ABC News

Rose, Christine: NBC News

Rose, Francis: C-SPAN

Rose, Jeff: WJLA-TV

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosen, James: Fox News Channel

Rosenbaum, Richard: ABC News

Rosenbaum, Thea Luise: ARD German Television

Rosenberg, Gary B.: ABC News

Rosenberg, Howard L.: ABC News

Rosenberg, James: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Rosenberg, Jefffrey: National Public Radio

Roth, Johnie F.: NBC News

Rowe, Hildrun: German Television/ZDF

Rowe, JoAnn: Rowe News Service

Rowe, Thomas: Reuters Television

Roy, Andrew: British Broadcasting Corp.

Royster, William: AP-Broadcast

Rozentals, Karina: British Broadcasting Corp.

Rubin, Ken: National Public Radio

Rubino, Arturo: Univision News

Rudin, Ken: National Public Radio

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Russell, Roxanne: CBS News

Russert, Timothy J.: NBC News

Rust, William: National Narrowcast Network

Ruth, Sarah: CNN

Rutherford, John H.: NBC News

Ruttenberg, Margie: NBC-4

Ryan, Jennifer: WUSA-TV

[[Page 1009]]

Ryan, Marthy: Fox News Channel

Ryan, Michael: Potomac Television Communications

Rysak, F. David: WTTG-Fox Television

Ryu, Hee-Lim: Yonhap Television News

Sackur, Stephen: British Broadcasting Corp.

Sagalyn, Daniel: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sale, Kenneth: VOA/Worldnet Television

Salinas, Marcos A.: CBN News

Salinas, Mary Alice: NBC-4

Saltz, Michael: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sampaio, Fred: C-SPAN

Samuels, Cynthia: National Public Radio

Sanchez, Claudio: National Public Radio

Sanchez, George: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision News

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sandler, Lauren: National Public Radio

Sanfuentes, Jose A.: NBC News

Santos, Augusto: ECO News Television

Santos, Jose: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Sargent, Catherine: Fox News Channel

Sargent, Mark: WTTG-Fox Television

Sarro, Ron A.: Washington News Network

Sassenberg, Thomas: Zolcer TV

Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

Saukas, Sara: NBC News

Scanlon, Jason L.: Fox News Channel

Schaefer, Eugenia F.: NBC News

Schaefer, James: WJLA-TV

Schaff, Michael L.: CBN News

Schalch, Kathleen: National Public Radio

Schantz, Kristine K.: CNN

Schenk, Jenny: ARD German Television

Scherer, David: CNN/TVS

Scherf, Margaret: AP-Broadcast

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Schiavone, Louise: CNN

Schieffer, Bob: CBS News

Schifrin, Debra: National Public Radio

Schilhab, Renee: Fox NewsChannel

Schlegel, Barry C.: CNN/TVS

Schloemer, Hans-Peter: ARD German Television

Schmitz, Michael: German Television/ZDF

Schnieder, Jordan: Potomac Television Communications

Schoenholtz, Howard: ABC News

Scholl, Christopher: NBC News

Schorr, Daniel: National Public Radio

Schroeder, Bernd Julius: German Radio NDR/WDR

Schuetzeichel, Frank: ARD German Television

Schule, James R.: Fox News Channel

Schultz, James J.: Fox News Channel

Schultz, Teri: Reuters Television

Schultze, Emily: CBS News

Schultze, F. Kevin: WJLA-TV

Schwartz, H. Andrew: Fox News Channel

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Schweitzer, Murray H.: NBC-4

Sciutto, James E.: ABC News

Scott, Graham: ORF-Austrian Radio & TV

Scott, Linda J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scullin, Robin: C-SPAN

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Seaman, Leigh: Health Week

Sears, Carl: Fox News Channel

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Seium, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

Selden, Joseph: Voice of America

Selg, Casper: Swiss Radio

Sellai, Christine: NBC News

Selma, Reginald G.: CNN/TVS

Serensits, Joseph: ABC News

Sergay, Richard: ABC News

Sesno, Frank: CNN

Sewell, Leslie: Fox NewsChannel

Sgslag, Heather: Canadian Broadcasting

Shand, Susan: Independent Television News

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Shapiro, Samantha: NBC News

Sharp, Bridget: America's Voice

Shaw, Rebecca: Fox News Channel

Shedrick, Daniel Casey: APTV-Associated Press

Shelter, Amy: CNN

Sherrill, Charles: Bonneville International Radio-TV

Sherwood, Tom: NBC-4

Shields, Amy: NBC News

Shine, Thomas: ABC News

Shipman, Christie C.: NBC News

Shiraishi, Yoshihiko: Nippon TV Network

Shire, Rob: Viewpoint Communications

Shlemon, Chris: ITN of London

Shockley, Milton T.: NBC-4

Shrader, Robert: CNN/TVS

Shull, Roger: Reuters Television

Shwartz, Uri: Zolcer TV Washington

Shwe, Nyein: Radio Free Asia

Sicoli, Dean: CNN

Sides, James: Conus Communications

Sidel, Adam: C-SPAN

Siegloch, Klaus-Peter: German Television/ZDF

Sierra, Joann: CNN

Sikka, Madhulika: ABC News

Sikstrom, Mark: CTV Television Network

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Silman, Jim: WUSA-TV

Silnicky, Larisa: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Silva, Ellen: National Public Radio

Silva, Juan I.: Video News Services

Silver, Amy R.: CNN

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Silverberg, Howard: WTOP Radio

Simeone, Nicholas: Voice of America

Simmons, Kathryn: National Public Radio

[[Page 1010]]

Simmons, Yul Sean: ABC News

Simpson, Carole: ABC News

Simpson, Ross: AP-Broadcast

Sims, Chinyere: C-SPAN

Sion, Maria: WCTV

Sirgany, Aleen: WTTG-Fox Television

Sisco, Paul G.: Worldnet Television

Sit, David C.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sites, Kevin Andrew: NBC News

Skammelsen, Poul Erik: TV2 Denmark

Skane, William J.: CBS News

Skehan, Andrea: WUSA-TV

Sklar, Marc: CNN

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg Television

Sledge, Warner: Potomac Television

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slewka, Stephanie B.: German Television/ARD

Sloane, Ward C.: CBS News

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Slone, Sean: C-SPAN

Small, William: Bloomberg Television

Smeal, Amy: WETA-TV

Smith, Candace: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Carlton: COUNS Communications

Smith, David: ITN of London

Smith, Gregory: National Public Radio

Smith, Jan: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, M. Melinda: VOA/Worldnet Television

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Michael: Potomac Television Communications

Smith, Mignon: Washington-Alabama News Report

Smith, Phillip: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Smith, Terence: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Smith, William B.: CNN Newsource

Sneed, Alison K.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snow, Tony: Fox News Channel

Sobata, Kenji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Soe, Kin Maung: Radio Free Asia

Solomon, Gerald A.: Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly

Som, Sattana: Radio Free Asia

Somani, Indira: WJLA-TV

Sorg, Lynn D.: Cox Broadcasting

Sorimachi, Osamu: Fuji Television

Sottile, Robert: COUNS Communications

Soucy, Peggy M.: CNN

Southern, Joel: Alaska Public Radio Network

Sozio, George: ABC News

Spagnolo, Christine: America's Voice

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Speer, John C.: National Public Radio

Speights, Eric V.: ABC News

Speiser, Matt: ABC News

Spence, Robert: C-SPAN

Sperrazza, Christine: ABC News

Spevak, Joseph: Tribune Broadcasting

Spiegel, Lucy: CNN

Spillane, Mary: CBS News

Spinrad, Naomi: NBC News

Spiro, Dave: Reuters Television

Spoerry, Philip Scott: CNN

Sproul, Robin: ABC News

St. John, Jonathan: Potomac Television Communications

St. Onge, Derek S: CNN/TVS

Staats, Craig: CNN

Stage, Tina: Bloomberg Television

Stagneth, Michael: German Television/ZDF

Stalder, Hans Peter: Swiss Broadcasting

Stamberg, Susan: National Public Radio

Stanford, David E.: CBS News

Stang, Tim: Bloomberg Television

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Starks, Bill: NBC-4

Starobin, Michael: CONUS Communications

Starr, Barbara: ABC News

Stay, Daniel: Fox NewsChannel

Steele, Susan: CNN

Stehr, Herbert: Deutsche Welle TV

Stein, Cari: To The Contrary

Stein, Caryn: CNN

Stein, Sharyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Stellabotta, Nancy: CBN News

Stepney, Eric: C-SPAN

Steuart, Elizabeth H.: NBC News

Stevens, Pamela: CNN

Stevenson, Louis R.: WTTG-Fox Television

Stewart, Amy: CNN

Stewart, Robin: Ventana Productions

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stockard, Kenneth: Airwaves, Inc.

Stoddard, Mark: ABC News

Stone, Susan: National Public Radio

Strand, Paul L.: CBN News

Strass, Nina: COUNS Communications

Streeter, Erin: Potomac Television

Streett, William H.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Stuart, Jessica: NBC News

Stumpo, Donald: NBC-4

Styles, Julian H.: CNN

Sugio, Hideya: Tokyo Broadcasting System International

Suhonen, Alan: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Suissa, Jimmy: CNN/TVS

Sullivan, Alyssa: NBC-TV Stations

Sumler, Jennifer: CONUS Communications

Sundberg, Sara: C-SPAN

Sundstrom, Bert: Swedish Television

Surbey, Jason: C-SPAN

Surles, Sandra: NBC News

Suzuki, Satoru: TV Asahi

Swain, Susan M.: C-SPAN

Swan, David: Voice of America

[[Page 1011]]

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Michael D.: NBC-4

Sweeney, David: National Public Radio

Swift, Kenneth: Radio Free Asia

Sylvester, Diane: CNN

Syrjanen, Janne: Medill News Service

Szaroleta, Marjorie: AP-Broadcast

Szczepanski, Jaroslaw: Polish Public Television

Szerlag, Heather: Canadian Broadcasting Corp.

Tabbs, Kelven M.: National Narrowcast Network

Taglienti, Ernest: German Television/ZDF

Takai, Takaaki: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Takeichi, Nobahito: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Television

Tang, Deborah: Black Entertainment Television

Tarrant, Philippa: British Broadcasting Corp.

Taylor, Allyson Ross: CBS News

Taylor, Ann: National Public Radio

Taylor, Audrey: ABC News

Taylor, Charles W.: ABC News

Taylor, Tracy Lynn: Fuji Television

Teboe, Mark: ABC News

Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

Terhar, John M.: CONUS Communications

Terrence, Moore: Standard News

Teshima, Ryuichi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

Thevessen, Elmar: German Television/ZDF

Thiele, Kim: CNN/TVS

Thinn, Soe: Radio Free Asia

Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

Thomas, Andrew: ABC News

Thomas, Arthur: Black Entertainment Television

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas, Joey: CNN/TVS

Thomas, Kathleen: ABC News

Thomas, Michael: Black Entertainment Television

Thomas, Philippa: British Broadcasting Corp.

Thomas, Shari Robin: ABC News

Thomas, Will: WTTG-Fox Television

Thompson, Jerry: CNN/TVS

Thompson, Joseph: CNN/TVS

Thompson, Lea: NBC News

Thompson, Marci: Cox Broadcasting

Thorne, C. Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Tidler, David: Ventana Productions

Tidwell, John W.: APTV-Associated Press

Till, Morgan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Tiller, Art: C-SPAN

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillery, Richard C.: The Washington Bureau

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tobias, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Todd, Brian: CNN

Tollkuhu, Eckhard: Deutsche Welle TV

Tollkuhu, Felicity: Deutsche Welle TV

Tomko, Joe: Video News Service

Tong, Scott: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Topgyal, Benpa: Radio Free Asia

Torgerson, Ande: Fox News Channel

Torma, Matti: Finnish Broadcasting

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Touhey, Emmanuel: C-SPAN

Toulouse, Anne: Radio France Internationale

Towne, Charles: CONUS Communications

Towriss, John: CNN

Trabucchi, Susan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Tremonti, Anna Maria: Canadian Broadcasting

Trengrove, James Albert: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Trentin, Jorge: Metro Teleproductions, Inc.

Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

Tubbs, Robert N.: Worldnet Television

Tucker, Elke: German Television/ZDF

Tucker-Hooper, Danette: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Tuel, Ted Richard: CONUS Communications

Tuohey, Kenneth: Nightly Business Report

Turen, Karen: WETA-TV

Turnham, Steve: CNN

Turner, Al Douglas: ABC News

Turner, Terry Lee: CONUS Communications

Turnley, William: Viewpoint Communications

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Tyler, Sarah: APTV-Associated Press

Tyler, Thomas J.: CNN/TVS

Tzemach, Gayle: ABC News

Uchima, Charles K.: WTTG-Fox Television

Uchimiya, Ellen: Fox News Channel

Udenans, Vija: ABC News

Ulery, Brad: APTV-Associated Press

Uliano, Richard: CNN Radio

Ulloa, Victor: CBS News

Ulysse, Gosset: French Television

Umrani, Anthony R.: CNN/TVS

Uranga, Jaime: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Urman, John F.: CNN/TVS

Uyehara, Otto K.: WETA-TV

Vail, James: CNBC

Vail, Tracey: NBC News

Vallese, Juliette: CNN

Vample, Ron: AP-Broadcast

Van Der Wulp, Gerard: NOS Dutch-TV

Van Dusen, Carl: C-SPAN

Van Nguyen, Khanh: Radio Free Asia

Vaughan, Elizabeth: NBC News

Vaughan, Vincent J.: WJLA-TV

Vennell, Vicki: ABC News

Verdi, Anthony: NBC News

Verenkotte, Clemens: German Public Radio

Vergano, Dan: Health Week

[[Page 1012]]

Veron, Ilyse J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Vicary, Lauren Hope: APTV-Associated Press

Victor, Elizabeth: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Vidaurre, Oscar: Nuevo Mundo Network

Viddy, Laura: CNN

Vineys, Kevin S.: APTV-Associated Press

Violette, Charles H.: CBS News

Virgili, Lorna: Univision

Voth, Charles Mark: WETA-TV

Wagner, Paul C.: WTOP Radio

Wahl, Tracy: National Public Radio

Wakaizumi, Mitsuhiro: Tokyo Broadcasting System International

Wakamatsu, Makoto: Fuji Television

Walker, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Wall, Karin: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Wallace, Chris: CNN

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Mary E.: CBS News

Walsh, Mary F.: ABC News

Walter, Charles: ITN of London

Walworth, Alex M.: Nightly Business Report

Walz, Mark: CNN/TVS

Wang, Yan: Radio Free Asia

Warakomska, Dorota: Polish Public Television

Ward, Derrick: WTOP Radio

Warder, Donna J.: AP-Broadcast

Warehime, Keith: C-SPAN

Warner, Craig: CBS Radio

Warner, Margaret: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Erick: CBS News

Washington, Ervin S.: Nightly Business Report

Washington, Lisa D.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wasser, David: Worldnet Television

Wasser, Fred: National Public Radio

Watkins, Felicia: Black Entertainment Television

Watrud, Don: WTTG-Fox Television

Watson, George H.: ABC News

Watson, James: Tribune Broadcasting

Watson, Walter Ray: National Public Radio

Wax, Bill: Feature Story Productions

Webb, David: WJLA-TV

Weglarczyk, Isabela: BBC Polish Service

Weidenbosch, Glenn E.: ABC News

Weiland, Paul: Radio Free Asia

Weill, Daniel: Talk Radio News Service

Welby, Julianne: WAMU-FM

Wellens-Schmidt, Sheri: NBC NewsChannel

Weller, George: ABC News

Wells, Courtney: Fox News Channel

Wells, Polly: WETA-TV

Wendy, Carla G.: Fox News Channel

Werner, Dan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Westaway, Jennifer: Canadian Broadcasting

Whalen, Kathleen: Fox News Channel

Wharton, Ned: National Public Radio

Whatley, Mike: NBC-4

Wheelock, Robert S.: ABC News

Whelton, Danielle J.: CNN

White, Isabel: CNN

White, Jonathan: KTUU-TV

Whiteman, Doug: AP-Broadcast

Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

Whitten, Jonathan: Canadian Broadcasting

Wibberley, Jaimee: C-SPAN

Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

Wiedenbauer, Heidi: Cox Broadcasting

Wildman, James H.: National Public Radio

Wilk, Wendy: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Williams, Darren: Reuters Television

Williams, Jeffrey L.: Cox Broadcasting

Williams, John A.: ABC News

Williams, Karen: NBC News

Williams, Keith: WUSA-TV

Williams, Louis A.: NBC News

Williams, Robert T: NBC News

Williams, Toni: C-SPAN

Williams, Trina: National Public Radio

Willis, Anne Marie: Fox News Channel

Wilmeth, Mary Dorman: NBC News

Wilson, Brenda L.: National Public Radio

Wilson, George: American Urban Radio

Wilson, John S.: AP-Broadcast

Wilson, Nannette: NBC-4

Wilson, Sharon: WUSA-TV

Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Winslow, David: UPI Radio

Winslow, Linda: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Winsten, Deborah: Radio Free Asia

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Wisniewski, Walter: Voice of America

Witt, Holger: ARD German Television

Wix, Snorre: WUSA-TV

Wolfe, Randy: CBS News

Wolff, Sarah: Canadian Broadcasting

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Paula Gail: Voice of America

Wood, Christopher: C-SPAN

Wood, Wayne C.: NBC-4

Woods, Stephanie: Nightly Business Report

Wooten, Rodney: Black Entertainment Television

Wordock, John: Bloomberg TV & Radio

Wordock, John: Bloomberg Television

Works, Karol Lyn: Potomac Television Communications

Wright, Brad: CNN

Wright, Cindy: WJLA-TV

Wright, Miriam: WUSA-TV

Wu, Annie: WAMU-FM

Wu, Hsiang-San: Taiwan Television

Wurz, Sandra A.: CONUS Communications

[[Page 1013]]

Yaklyvich, Brian: CNN/TVS

Yanaga, Keisuke: Nippon TV Network

Yang, Eun: WUSA-TV

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio

Yianopoulos, Karen: NBC NewsChannel

Young, Melissa: ABC News

Young, Nicole D.: Hearst-Argyle Television

Young, Paul N.: Metro Teleproductions, Inc.

Young, Robert: Metro Teleproductions, Inc.

Young, Saundra L: WTTG-Fox Television

Yuille, Brigitte: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Zachurski, Tad: Polskie Radio

Zager, Lewis: WETA-TV

Zang, Guohua: Chinese Television Network

Zannes, Estelle: KNME-T V

Zayed, Nahedah: Fox NewsChannel

Zeffler, Markus: Pro 7 German TV

Zeidman, Jennifer: CNN

Zimmerman, Catherine: ABC News

Zodun, Albert N.: NBC-4

Zuckerbrod, Nancy: APTV-Associated Press

Zumwalt, Maya: Fox News Channel

Zwadiuk, Oleh: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Zwerdling, Daniel: National Public Radio

Zwidzinski, Andrew: WJLA-TV


