

Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), October 2000. - 


Congressional Directory for the 106th Congress (1999-2000), October 2000.
[Pages 1024-1040]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


[[Page 1024]]


                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--David Holmes.
Assistant Directors: Anne J. Cobb, Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Superintendent.--Jim Talbert.
Assistant Superintendents: Edward V. Pesce, Robert M. Zatkowski, Kristyn 
        N. Kline.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Rick Maze, Army Times 
                                                Publishing Co., Chairman
                                            Cheryl Bolen, BNA 
                                                Publications, Secretary-
                                                Treasurer
                                            Richard E. Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Craig Winneker, Roll Call
                                            Jay Carney, Time Magazine
                                            Heidi Glenn, Tax Notes
                                            Amy Borrus, Business Week

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch. House organs are not eligible.
    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the Galleries.

[[Page 1025]]

    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the Galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short term assignment or 
temporarily resident in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of Rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of Rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the Galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The Committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association, and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The Committee shall elect 
its own officers, and a majority of the Committee may fill vacancies on 
the Committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                            Mitch McConnell,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1026]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Abadjian, Marguerite: Inside Washington Publishers

Abel, David S.: King Publications

Abercrombie, Karen: Education Week

Abruscato, Lurdes: Phillips Publishing

Aclander, Melanie: Legal Publication Services

Adde, Nicholas L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Adelson, Bruce: BNA News

Aihara, Akihiro: Defense Focus

Airozo, David: McGraw-Hill

Aker, Janet A.: FDC Reports

Albergo, Paul F.: BNA News

Albiniak, Paige: Broadcasting & Cable

Albright, Stephen: CD Publications

Alden, John R.: Telecommunications Reports

Aldrich, Nancy Lee: Business Publishers

Alexander, Karen: Legal Times

Alexei, Alexis: LRP Publications

Alger, Elizabeth: Career Pathways Report

Allen, Ted: Legal Times

Allison, Sue: Time Inc.

Allizon, Marie B.: Internewsletter

Almeras, Jon S.: Tax Notes

Alvey, Jennifer: BNA News

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Amolsch, Arthur L.: FTC Watch

Analore, Andrew: Inside Mortgage Finance

Anand, Vineeta: Crain Communications

Anderson, Julie: CMP Media Inc.

Anderson, Lisa: Insight Magazine

Andrews, John C.: Economist

Anselmo, Joseph C.: Aviation Week

Anthes, Gary H.: IDG Communications

Antonides, David S.: Tax Notes

Apfel, Ira: UCG

Aplin, Donald G.: BNA News

Apter, Jennie: UCG

Arama, Rod: Metro Herald Newspaper

Archer, Jeffrey Robert: Education Week

Arenstein, Seth: Phillips Publishing

Ariniello, Leah: International Medical News Group

Armbrister, Trevor: Reader's Digest

Armes, Leroy: BNA News

Armstrong, Anne: Federal Computer Week

Arnold, Betsy J.: FDC Reports

Arnoult, Sandra: Phillips Publishing

Arora, Vasantha: India Abroad

Arthur, Mary Helen: Thompson Publishing Group

Ashton, Jerome C.: BNA News

Ashworth, Jerry: Telecommunications Reports

Ashworth, Susan: IMAS Publishing

Asker, James R.: Aviation Week

Aswad, Nadya: BNA News

Atkins, Pamela S.: BNA News

Atkinson, Peter: Army Times Publishing Co.

Atwood, John F.: Washington Service Bureau

Auer, Nathalie: Washington Service Bureau

August, Lissa: Time Inc.

Aukofer, Matthew: Business Publishers

Auster, Bruce: U. S. News & World Report

Ayayo, Herman P.: Tax Notes

Ayers, Carl Albert: UCG

Ayoub, Nina Cary: Chronicle of Higher Education

Baez, Jessica L.: BNA News

Bai, Matthew M.: Newsweek

Baldwin, Stefani Lako: Institutional Investor

Ballard, Andrew M.: BNA News

Baltimore, David C.: McGraw-Hill

Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

Banks, Terry: Warren Publishing

Barazi, Firas: Natural Gas Intelligence

Barazia, Virginia: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Barber, E. Wayne: McGraw-Hill

Barber, Jeffrey: McGraw-Hill

Barnes, James A.: National Journal

Barry, John A.: Newsweek

Barton, Delilah P.: Thompson Publishing Group

Basinger, Julianne: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bass, Brad: Federal Computer Week

Bass, Evan: Phillips Publishing

Batcho, Stefanie: FDC Reports

Bates, Bryna Letitia: Jet/Ebony

Bates, Jason: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Baumann, David: National Journal

Baumgarner, James D.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Beargie, Clement Anthony: American Shipper

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Becker, Bonita: Business Publishers

Bedard, Paul: U. S. News & World Report

Beers, Allison: Food Chemical News

Beinart, Peter: New Republic

Bell, John C.: Tax Notes

Bellos, Maria: Inside Washington Publishers

Beltran-del-rio, Pascal: Proceso

Benatar, Sarah: FDC Reports

Bender, Bryan: Jane's Information Group

Benjamin, Mark: Inside Washington Publishers

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Bennett, Jeffrey: National Mortgage News

Bennett, Ralph: Reader's Digest

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

[[Page 1027]]

Berger, Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

Bergin, Christopher: Tax Notes

Berkman, Harvey: National Law Journal

Berlin, Joshua: Thompson Publishing Group

Bernstein, Aaron: Business Week

Bernstein, Jeremy: Inside Washington Publishers

Bernstein, Nikki: CD Publications

Bertin, Lou: CMP Media Inc.

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Best, Frank M.: U. S. Medicine

Beswick, Ellen: Natural Gas Intelligence

Bettelheim, Adriel: CQ Researcher

Beyer, Brooke A.: Congressional Digest

Bickers, Richard W.: Business Publishers

Billings, Deborah: BNA News

Billings, Robert: Washington Business Information

Billitteri, Thomas J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bingler, Richard: BNA News

Binney, Erin: Washington Service Bureau

Bird, Julie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Birnbaum, Jeffrey H.: Time Inc.

Blackman, Ann: Time Inc.

Blair, Julie R.: Education Week

Blake, Camille Joan: BNA News

Blalock, Cecelia: Periodicals News Service

Blank, Jonah: U. S. News & World Report

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Blanke, Jean Ann: BNA News

Blum, Debra: Chronicle of Higher Education

Blum, Vanessa: Legal Times

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bodell, Heather C.: BNA News

Bodnar, Janet: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Bogino, Charles: BNA News

Bolen, Cheryl L.: BNA News

Bond, David: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Bond, Jeremy: Business Publishers

Booker, Simeon S.: Jet/Ebony

Borger, Gloria: U. S. News & World Report

Borrus, Amy: Business Week

Boser, Ulrich: Education Week

Botsford, Linda G.: BNA News

Bottorff, David: BNA News

Botzum, Jr., John R.: Nautilus Press

Bowling, C. Jane: BNA News

Bowman, Chad R.: BNA News

Boyce, Clayton W.: Traffic World

Boyce, Nell: New Scientist

Boyer, Peter: New Yorker

Boyles, William Robert: Health Market Survey

Bozorth, Rachel E.: FDC Reports

Bradbery, Angela: Thompson Publishing Group

Bradley, Ann: Education Week

Bradley, Eleanor: BNA News

Brager, Mark E.: FDC Reports

Brandolph, David Barry: BNA News

Brandon, George Everette: Telecommunications Reports

Brandon, Priscilla T.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Branegan, James A.: Time Inc.

Brazda, Jerome F.: Crain Communications

Breeden, II, John: Government Computer News

Bresnahan, John: Roll Call

Brevetti, Rossella: BNA News

Brewin, Bob: Federal Computer Week

Breznick, Alan J.: Cable World

Brienza, Julie: Capitol City Publishers

Briggs, Robyn: LRP Publications

Briley III, John A.: Food Chemical News

Brinkley, Curtis Mark: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bristow, Melissa Star: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Broderick, Brian J.: BNA News

Bronson, Richard: BNA News

Brooks, David: Weekly Standard

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brooks, Susan S.: Research Institute of America Group

Bross, David J.: Phillips Publishing

Brostoff, Steven: National Underwriter

Brown, Janice F.: Afro American Newspapers

Brown, Jill: Atlantic Information Services

Brown, Patricia: CMP Media Inc.

Brown, Shani A.: Business Publishers

Brownlee, Shannon: U. S. News & World Report

Bruce, R. Christian: BNA News

Brumfield, Sarah: CD Publications

Bruninga, Susan: BNA News

Brunori, David E.: Tax Notes

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Bunch, Sandra L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Burey, Joseph M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Burger, Kim: Inside Washington Publishers

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Reports

Burlage, John D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Burns, Richard F.: Compass Publications

Burton, Douglas: Insight Magazine

Buschman, Thomas W.: Research Institute of America Group

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Butler, LaCrisha: UCG

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Bykowski, Michael S.: International Medical News Group

Byrd, David V.: National Journal

Byus, Jonathan D.: Insight Magazine

Cahlink, George: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cain, Stephanie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

Campbell, Kristina K.: Washington Blade

Canan, Martha M.: BNA News

Canning, Eileen E.: BNA News

Cannon, Carl M.: National Journal

[[Page 1028]]

Cano, Craig S.: McGraw-Hill

Canonica, Rocco: Natural Gas Intelligence

Carbine, Michael E.: Atlantic Information Services

Carey, Bill: King Publications

Carey, John A.: Business Week

Carlozzo, AnnTherese: BNA News

Carlson, Caron: Wireless Week

Carlson, Jeffrey E.: CCH Inc.

Carlson, Melissa: FDC Reports

Carlson, Tucker: Weekly Standard

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal

Carney, James: Time Inc.

Carr, Brian A.: BNA News

Carr, David: Washington City Paper

Cartwright, Linda A.: Green Sheets

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill

Cassidy, William B.: Traffic World

Castelli, Christopher J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Castellon, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cauthen, Carey: Thompson Publishing Group

Cavas, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cave, Christine: Inside Washington Publishers

Cavender, Laura: CQ Researcher

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Chabel, Bernard S.: BNA News

Chait, Jonathan: New Republic

Chapman, Claire: American Banker Newsletters

Chappie, Damon: Roll Call

Charski, Mindy: U. S. News & World Report

Chase, Martyn M.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Chase, Scott: Phillips Publishing

Cherkasky, Mara: Thompson Publishing Group

Cherry, Sheila R.: CCH Inc.

Chester, David T.: Department of Education Reports

Chibbaro, Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childs, Fred Kelvin: Editor & Publisher

Childs, Nathan D.: International Medical News Group

Chineson, Joel: Legal Times

Chronister, Gregory M.: Education Week

Chuo, Emily: BNA News

Clark, Colin: Army Times Publishing Co.

Clark, Shelene: BNA News

Clark, Timothy B.: Government Executive

Clarke-Gomez, Irene: BNA News

Clemetson, Lynette: Newsweek

Clemmitt, Marcia: Healthcare Information

Clifford, Garry: Time Inc.

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Cline, Regina P.: BNA News

Coderre, Jennifer: BNA News

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cohen, Alan F.: CD Publications

Cohen, Daniel J.: Business Publishers

Cohen, Janey: BNA News

Cohen, Lisa: Federal Publications

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal

Cohn, Jonathan: New Republic

Cohn, Laura: Business Week

Cohon, Sharon Rae: IMAS Publishing

Coleman, Janet: FDC Reports

Colenso, Rob: Army Times Publishing Co.

Coles, Adrienne D.: Education Week

Coletti, Joseph D.: Japan Digest

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Jr., Donald: Time Inc.

Collogan, David L.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Combemale, Martine: Milan Presse

Combs, Bob: BNA News

Combs, Jennifer: BNA News

Conconi, Charles N.: Washingtonian

Congel, Colleen: BNA News

Conlan, Michael F.: Drug Topics

Connell, David J.: Satellite Business News

Connelly, Joanne M.: Federal Computer Week

Conroy, Declan: Food Regulation Weekly

Cook, Barbara C.: Business Travel News

Cook, William James: U. S. News & World Report

Cooper, Catherine: Green Sheets

Cooper, Mary H.: CQ Researcher

Cooper, Matthew S.: Newsweek

Cooper, Stephen K.: CCH Inc.

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Corn, David: Nation

Corrigan, Gerard: Credit Union Times

Corry, John: American Spectator

Costa, Keith J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Cottle, Michelle: New Republic

Couteau, Gregory C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cox, Bowman: Washington Business Information

Cox, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Coyle, Marcia: National Law Journal

Coyne, Martin J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Crabtree, Susan: Roll Call

Craig, Darlena J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Craig, David Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Craig, Theodosia: McGraw-Hill

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawford, Mark H.: King Publications

Crawley, Vince: King Publications

Crayton, Rasheeda: Business Publishers

Crock, Stan: Business Week

Crow, Patrick: Oil & Gas Journal

Crowley, Mary E.: Phillips Publishing

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Cuddihy, Kevin: Thompson Publishing Group

Cullen, Jonathan: Inside Washington Publishers

Cunningham, Robert: Healthcare Information

Cura, Federico: Inside Washington Publishers

Curran, Timothy: Roll Call

Curry, Leonard: CD Publications

Cusack, Robert: Inside Washington Publishers

D'Agostino, Joseph A.: Human Events

Dalecki, Kenneth B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

[[Page 1029]]

Dana, Carol: Capitol City Publishers

Danchuk, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Dantos, Mark: McGraw-Hill

Davidson, Mark: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Lira Behrens: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Stephen: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Beth: CMP Media Inc.

Davis, Kristin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Davis, Mary M.: BNA News

Davis, Michael: LRP Publications

Davis, Paris D.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Day, Felicia: Thompson Publishing Group

De Bruce, Orlando: Federal Computer Week

De Guzman, Anne Meg: Phillips Publishing

De Leon, James Vincent: Career Pathways Report

DeHoff, Michael E.: Tax Notes

DeMott, Kathryn: International Medical News Group

Dealey, Samuel J.: The Hill

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

Deily, Mary-Ellen: Education Week

Della Ratta, J. Raphael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Dern, Adrienne: Food Chemical News

Dervarics, Charles J.: Business Publishers

Desmond, Kathryn J.: BNA News

Dettling, John Charles: Thompson Publishing Group

Dettmer, Jamie: Insight Magazine

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

Dickerson, John F.: Time Inc.

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

Dineen, John: Green Sheets

Dizard III, Wilson P.: Telecommunications Reports

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Dolan, Michael: Washington Business Information

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Donmoyer, Ryan J.: Tax Notes

Donnelly, John M.: King Publications

Donnelly, Sally: Time Inc.

Donoghue, James A.: Penton Publishing

Donovan, Fred: Telecommunications Reports

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill

Dorobek, Chris: Government Computer News

Doussard, Marc: UCG

Downes, Bob: Travel Trade

Doyle, Brian J.: Time Inc.

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Drake, Jessica: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Drew, Elizabeth: New Yorker

Driscoll, Christopher A.: Phillips Publishing

DuMond, Marge: National Journal

Duffy, Michael: Time Inc.

Duffy, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Duke, Robert M.: CD Publications

Duncan, Leslie A.: Green Sheets

Dundjerski, Marina: Chronicle of Higher Education

Dunham, Richard S.: Business Week

Dunn, William: Research Institute of America Group

Dupont, Daniel G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Durbin, Fran: Travel Weekly

Dwyer, Kate: National Review

Dwyer, Paula: Business Week

Dykewicz, Paul: Phillips Publishing

Easterbrook, Gregg: New Republic

Easton, Susan: FDC Reports

Edwards, Catherine: Insight Magazine

Edwards, Charles J.: Government Information Services

Edwards, Virginia B.: Education Week

Ege, Konrad: Blatter

Eggerton, John S.: Broadcasting & Cable

Eglovitch, Joanne S.: IMDR Monitor

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eiserer, Elaine R.: Business Publishers

Eiserer, Leonard A. C.: Business Publishers

Eisler, Kim I.: Washingtonian

Eliopoulos, Phoebe A.: Atlantic Information Services

Engdahl, Elizabeth: Legal Times

English, Maishah: Afro American Newspapers

Evangelauf, Jean: Chronicle of Higher Education

Evans, Laura O.: UCG

Everhart, Lisa A.: Federal Publications

Ewing, Jonathan: Government Computer News

Fabian, Thecla: Business Publishers

Falk, Scott R.: BNA News

Falvella-Garraty, Susan: Irish Echo

Famiglietti, Len: Business Publishers

Fanning, Odom: Internal Medicine World Report

Fanshel, Fran: UCG

Farrell, Gina: Army Times Publishing Co.

Fatemi, Erik: Education Week

Feazel, R. Michael: Warren Publishing

Feder, Jody: Government Information Services

Feldkamp, Robert H.: Washington Crime News Services

Feldman, William H.: LRP Publications

Felsenthal, Mark E.: BNA News

Felsher, Murray: Washington Remote Sensing Letter

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Fenoglio, Gia: National Journal

Ferguson, Andrew: Weekly Standard

Ferguson, Brett: BNA News

Fernandez, Albertina M.: Tax Notes

Fernandez III, Robustiano: Phillips Publishing

Ferris, Nancy: Government Executive

Ferster, Warren: Army Times Publishing Co.

Feuerherd, Joseph: UCG

Fickling, Amy L.: Telecommunications Reports

Fields, Howard: Television Broadcast

Figura, Susannah Zak: Government Executive

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

[[Page 1030]]

Fingerhut, Eric: Washington Jewish Week

Finkelstein, Joel B.: International Medical News Group

Finnegan, Philip: Army Times Publishing Co.

Fiore, Catherine V.: FDC Reports

Fischer, Craig: Pace Publications

Fischer, Dean E.: Time Inc.

Fishbein, Lawrence I.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fisher, Dennis: UCG

Fisher, Mary Jane: National Underwriter

Fisk, Mary C.: Thompson Publishing Group

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Capitol City Publishers

Fitzpatrick, James F.: BNA News

Fletcher, Jay F.: Food Chemical News

Flint, Perry: Penton Publishing

Flippen, Charles: Phillips Publishing

Foer, Franklin: U. S. News & World Report

Fogarty, John R.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fondersmith, Mark: Insight Magazine

Forror, Mark A.: Phillips Publishing

Foster, Andrea: Chemical Week

Foster, Lawrence D.: McGraw-Hill

Fotos, Christopher: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Foullon, Danielle: FDC Reports

Fourney, Susan: Government Executive

Fowler, Shantelle: BNA News

Fox, Suzanne L.: Tax Notes

Frank, Diane: Federal Computer Week

Franke-Ruta, Garance R.: New Republic

Franklin, Mary Beth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Freedberg, Jr., Sydney J.: National Journal

Freeman, Edmund B.: Inside Washington Publishers

Freer, Jennifer: McGraw-Hill

Frick, Robert L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Frieden, Joyce: International Medical News Group

Friedly, Jock: The Hill

Friedman, Dorian R.: U. S. News & World Report

Friedman, Roger: Phillips Publishing

Friel, Brian: Government Executive

Friend, Alexander: FDC Reports

Frost, Brendan DuBois: CCH Inc.

Fuentes, Gidget: Army Times Publishing Co.

Fulghum, David: Aviation Week

Fulton, April E.: Inside Washington Publishers

Funk, Deborah: Army Times Publishing Co.

Gallagher, John: Traffic World

Galley, Michelle W.: Education Week

Ganley, Susan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gardner, Jonathan P.: Crain Communications

Garfield, Bob: Crain Communications

Garland, Susan: Business Week

Garner, W. Lynn: McGraw-Hill

Garrett, Major: U. S. News & World Report

Garvey, Charlotte: Business Publishers

Garwin, Laura J.: Nature

Gasparello, Linda Ann: King Publications

Gearey, Robyn: Washingtonian

Gearon, Christopher: Atlantic Information Services

Geimann, Stephen J.: Warren Publishing

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geisel, Roseanne W.: Crain Communications

George, Nicole: Japan Digest

Gerwig, Kate: CMP Media Inc.

Gest, Ted: U. S. News & World Report

Ghosh, Chandrani: Forbes

Gibb, Steven K.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gifford, Court: BNA News

Gilbert, Lorraine S.: BNA News

Gilcrest, Laura: Washington Business Information

Gildea, Kerry A.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Gillis, Christopher: American Shipper

Gillooly, Brian: CMP Media Inc.

Gilston, Samuel M.: Gilston Communications Group

Ginsbach, Pam D.: BNA News

Gitell, Seth: Forward

Gizzi, John: Human Events

Gleckman, Howard: Business Week

Glenn, Heidi: Tax Notes

Glick, Eric: Cable World

Gluck, Stephen: Inside Washington Publishers

Goldberg, Kirsten: Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Paul: Cancer Letter

Goldman, Ted: Legal Times

Goldstein, Daniel: American Banker Newsletters

Goldstein, Sid: Pace Publications

Goldwasser, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Golub, Barbra: Research Institute of America Group

Goode, Stephen Ray: Insight Magazine

Gooden, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Goodfellow, Betsy: FDC Reports

Goodman, Jr., Glenn W.: Armed Forces Journal

Goodwin, Anne B.: BNA News

Gordenker, Alice: Food Chemical News

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gorman, S. Siobhan: National Journal

Gose, Ben: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gottlick, Jerry: U. S. Medicine

Gowen, Jessica Lee: Government Information Services

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Graham, David M.: Compass Publications

Graham, Jill M.: National Journal

Graham, Oswald G.: Tax Notes

Grandon, Ronald: Business Publishers

Grann, David: New Republic

Grano, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Gray, Christoher E.: FDC Reports

Graziano, Sandra: Education Week

Greczyn, Mary: Warren Publishing

Green, Charles A.: National Journal

Green, Victoria K.: Natural Gas Week

Greenberg, Daniel S.: Science & Government Report

Greene, Jenna: Legal Times

Greene, Thomas C.: FDC Reports

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

[[Page 1031]]

Gregorits, Angela: BNA News

Grena, Mary Ann: BNA News

Gretschel, Regina: Business Publishers

Griffith, Joan H.: BNA News

Groner, Jonathan: Legal Times

Grossman, Elaine M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gruber, Peter: Focus

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Grupe, Bob: Business Publishers

Guay, Thomas: Progressive Business Publications

Guernsey, Lisa: Chronicle of Higher Education

Haar, Audrey: Pasha Publications

Hadley, Richard D.: UCG

Hager, Mary: Newsweek

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal

Hakola, Gretchen: Phillips Publishing

Hall, Andrea L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hall, Holly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hallam, Kristen: Crain Communications

Hallman, Lesly: BNA News

Halmos, Jr., E.E.: Concrete Products

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Hamilton, Amy: Tax Notes

Hammond, Brian: Telecommunications Reports

Haniffa, Abdul Aziz: India Abroad

Hannifin, Jerry: Time Inc.

Hansard, Sara: Crain Communications

Hanson, Christine M.: Federal Publications

Harbert, Tam: Electronic Business

Harbrecht, Douglas A.: Business Week

Harden, Patrick: LRP Publications

Hardie, Brandan: Inside Washington Publishers

Hardy, Michael: UCG

Hare, Neil E.: BNA News

Hargreaves, Jonathan: FDC Reports

Harkins, Donna: Insight Magazine

Harkness, Peter A.: Governing

Harman, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Harreld, Heather: Federal Computer Week

Harrington, Timothy P.: FDC Reports

Harris, Christy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Harris, Donna L.: Crain Communications

Harris, Lona C.: Time Inc.

Harris, Louise A.: Business Publishers

Harris-Aikens, Donna: BNA News

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Hart, Kathleen: Food Chemical News

Harwood, Margaret C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Haseley, Donna: Inside Washington Publishers

Hatch, David M.: Crain Communications

Hatch, Krista K.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Haugerud, Howard E.: Stars & Stripes

Hawkins, Dana: U. S. News & World Report

Haworth, Karla: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hayes, Kim: Business Publishers

Hayes, Lisa L.: Government Information Services

Hayes, Peter S.: Inside Washington Publishers

Hazard, Charles: Insight Magazine

Hazelwood, Ed: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Hearn, Edward T.: Multichannel News

Hebert, Adam: Inside Washington Publishers

Hegeman, Jamin: Exchange Monitor Publications

Heilbrunn, Jacob: New Republic

Heinicke, J. Erik: Telecommunications Reports

Hellickson, Amy: Phillips Publishing

Helme, Chelsea A.: Tax Notes

Henderer, Rhodes: Research Institute of America Group

Hendricks, Evan: Privacy Times

Hendrie, Caroline: Education Week

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Henning, Jonathan: Defense Focus

Henry, Ed: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Henry, Ed: Roll Call

Herman, Edith: Warren Publishing

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Hess, Glenn H.: Chemical Market Reporter

Hickey, Jennifer: Insight Magazine

Hickey, Kathleen: Traffic World

Hicks, Darryl R.: National Mortgage News

Higgins, John: McGraw-Hill

Higgins, Sean G.: Government Information Services

Hill, Eleanor S.: Pratt's Letter

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hill, Richard: Inside Washington Publishers

Hillenbrand, Barry: Time Inc

Hillgren, Sonja: Farm Journal

Himali, Ursula: BNA News

Hinkle, Elizabeth T.: Washington Business Information

Hirani, Sindhu G.: BNA News

Hirsh, Michael P.: Newsweek

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill

Hitchens, Theresa: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hoar, William: CD Publications

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hobbs, Susan: BNA News

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Donald: Government Information Services

Hoffman, Shirlee Gaines: Newsweek

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Hofmeister, Elizabeth W.: BNA News

Hogan, Kevin J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hogan, Thomas: FDC Reports

Hogue, Cheryl: BNA News

Holland, Max: Nation

Holly, Tricia: Exchange Monitor Publications

Holmes, Allan T.: Federal Computer Week

Holmes, Jeremy R.: BNA News

Holzer, Robert D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hopkins, Kara: Human Events

Horwich, Lee: Roll Call

Horwood, Rachel Jane: Economist

Hosenball, Mark: Newsweek

Hotta, Yoshio: Yomiuri America

[[Page 1032]]

Howd, Aimee: Insight Magazine

Howell, Arnesa A.: BNA News

Hubbard, Catherine A.: CCH Inc.

Huddleston, Cameron: CD Publications

Hudelson, Dale: Career Pathways Report

Hudnall, Chad E.: Atlantic Information Services

Hudson, Neff Karl: Army Times Publishing Co.

Huey, Erik C.: Phillips Publishing

Huffman, Jason: UCG

Hughes, Jr., John D.: Aviation Week

Hunter, Gabrielle: FTC Watch

Hurd, Hilary: Food Chemical News

Hutnyan, Joseph D.: McGraw-Hill

Hyneman, Roger T.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ianzito, Christina: Roll Call

Ichniowski, Thomas F.: McGraw-Hill

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iekel, John F.: Thompson Publishing Group

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Ivins, Steven D.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iyengar, Sunil: FDC Reports

Jackman, Frank: McGraw-Hill

Jackson, Nicole L.: Phillips Publishing

Jackson, Sara Waldrop: UCG

Jackson, Seth V.: Thompson Publishing Group

Jackson, Valarie: McGraw-Hill

Jackson, William K.: Government Computer News

Jacobs, Judith: BNA News

Jacobson, Linda: Education Week

Jacobson, Louis: National Journal

Jaffe, Harry S.: Washingtonian

Jaschik, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jeffrey, Terence P.: Human Events

Jerald, Craig: Education Week

Johnson, Carrie: Legal Times

Johnson, Fawn: BNA News

Johnson, Kimberly E.: Inside Washington Publishers

Johnson, Regina: McGraw-Hill

Johnston, Margret: Federal Computer Week

Johnston, Robert C.: Education Week

Jones, Arthur: National Catholic Reporter

Jones, David: Business Publishers

Jones, Helen: BNA News

Jones, Jennifer: Federal Computer Week

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, Mary Lynn: The Hill

Jordan, Anne: Governing

Jordan, Brian D.: McGraw-Hill

Jordan, Bryant: Army Times Publishing Co.

Joseph, Erin-Kate: LRP Publications

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Judis, John: New Republic

Kafka, Alexander: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kalms, Jennifer L.: BNA News

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

Kapler, Robert A.: IMAS Publishing

Karam, Samir F.: Al-Kifah Al-Arabi

Karpf, Ben: U. S. Medicine

Kasperowicz, Peter I.: Inside Washington Publishers

Kass, Marcia B.: BNA News

Kassabian, Gloria B.: Business Week

Kassman, Scott: Telecommunications Reports

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kaut, David P.: BNA News

Kavanagh, Susan: Washington Service Bureau

Kavruck, Angela: Washington Counseletter

Kavruck, Samuel: Washington Counseletter

Kay, Marcia: Washington Jewish Week

Kazdoy, Amanda: Phillips Publishing

Keane, Karol Anne: National Journal

Keen, Lisa Melinda: Washington Blade

Kelleher, Elizabeth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Keller, Amy M.: Roll Call

Keller, Bess: Education Week

Keller, Gail: BNA News

Kelly, Cathy: FDC Reports

Kelly, Jo Ann: The Hill

Kelly, Michael: National Journal

Kelly, Patrice Wingert: Newsweek

Kennedy, James H.: BNA News

Kent, Christina: Physician's Weekly

Kessler, Elaine: BNA News

Keyser, Cheryl: Business Publishers

Kiernan, Vincent: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kiesner, Jack: Kiplinger Washington Editors

King, Leslie: BNA News

King, Wendy: Time Inc.

Kiplinger, Austin H.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kirkland, John Robert: BNA News

Kirschten, Joseph D.: National Journal

Kitfield, James: National Journal

Kittross, David: CD Publications

Klaidman, Daniel: Newsweek

Kleiner, Henry E.: Business Publishers

Kleiner, Kurt: New Scientist

Kline, Jerry Lee: Thompson Publishing Group

Klintberg, Patricia Peak: Farm Journal

Klyce, Juli: Phillips Publishing

Knapik, Michael: McGraw-Hill

Knebl, Charles: Business Publishers

Koch, Kathy: CQ Researcher

Kondracke, Morton M.: Roll Call

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal

Kostreski, Farah: International Medical News Group

Kovski, Alan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kramer, David: Science & Government Report

Kramer, Linda: Time Inc.

Krause, Kristin S.: Traffic World

Krehbiel, Gregory A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Kreindler, Anthony: BNA News

Kriz, Margaret E.: National Journal

Kruger, John: The Hill

[[Page 1033]]

Kubetin, Randy: BNA News

Kucher, Liane: McGraw-Hill

Kuhn, Mark: CD Publications

Kukuk, Bradley A.: Legal Publication Services

Kulman, Linda: U. S. News & World Report

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

Labash, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Labbe, Colleen: Thompson Publishing Group

Lally, Rosemarie: Thompson Publishing Group

Lamoreaux, Denise Anne: Thompson Publishing Group

Landers, Jay: FDC Reports

Lange, Anne M.: BNA News

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Lardner, Richard: Inside Washington Publishers

Larsen, Amy: CMP Media Inc.

Larsen, Kathy Carolin: McGraw-Hill

Larson, Adrianne: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Last, Jonathan: Weekly Standard

Laurent, Anne: Government Executive

Laurenzo, Ronald J.: King Publications

Lavelle, Marianne: U. S. News & World Report

Lazzaro, Joseph: CD Publications

Leatherman, Courtney: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lederman, Douglas J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lee, Jeannie: FDC Reports

Lee, Robin: BNA News

Leeuwenburgh, Todd: UCG

Lehrer, Eli: Insight Magazine

Leibel, Aaron: Washington Jewish Week

Leiser, Roland: Association Meetings

Leithauser, Thomas: Phillips Publishing

Lekus, Eric: BNA News

Lenihan, Mary Anne: Federal Publications

Lenihan, Patricia: Research Institute of America Group

Leopold, George: CMP Media Inc.

Leske, Gisela: Der Spiegel

Lester, Marianne: Army Times Publishing Co.

Levey, Amy: McGraw-Hill

Levine, Daniel R.: Reader's Digest

Lewis, Jr., Arnold: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Lindsay, Heather: International Medical News Group

Lipold, Annmarie Geddes: BNA News

Lipowicz, Alice M.: Crain Communications

Liss, Miles: CD Publications

Lively, Kit: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lizza, Ryan: New Republic

Lockett, Brian A.: BNA News

Loeb, Penny: U. S. News & World Report

Loewenberg, Sam: Legal Times

Logan, Christopher P.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Lohr, Elizabeth: Food Chemical News

Lopez, Ramon L.: Airline Business

Lord, Mary C.: U. S. News & World Report

Lott, Steve: Phillips Publishing

Love, Brian: Business Publishers

Lovece, Joseph: CD Publications

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill

Lowe, Paul: Aviation International News

Lowther, William A.: Mail on Sunday

Lubold, Gordon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lucas, Jennifer B.: BNA News

Lucier, James P.: Insight Magazine

Lumb, Jacquelyn: Washington Service Bureau

Lynch, Kerry: McGraw-Hill/Aero

MacDonald, Neil: Technology Commercialization

MacKeil, Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Macilwain, Colin: Nature

Maggrett, Richard: Stars & Stripes

Maggs, John J.: National Journal

Magill, Barbara: Thompson Publishing Group

Magin, Elizabeth: Tax Notes

Magner, Denise K.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Magnusson, Paul: Business Week

Mahoney, Fabia H.: BNA News

Mahrt, Nicholas R. A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Mahtesian, Charles: Governing

Maier, Timothy: Insight Magazine

Maixner, Edward: Feedstuffs

Makower, Joel: Green Business Letter

Mallaby, Sebastian: Economist

Malliet, Gineva: Research Institute of America Group

Malloy, Eileen: BNA News

Malone, Bernadette: Human Events

Mann, Paul S.: Aviation Week

Mannetta, Jennifer Ann: Tax Notes

Manning, Robert F.: Tax Notes

Manning, Suzanne Elam: BNA News

Mannix, Margaret: U. S. News & World Report

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Marcucci, Carl: Radio Business Report

Mariani, Patricia: Federal Publications

Markley, Theresa Lynn: Research Institute of America Group

Marois, Denise: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Masci, David: CQ Researcher

Mason, Victoria Ann: Telecommunications Reports

Massey, Barton C.: Tax Notes

Masson, Gordon: Phillips Publishing

Mathews, James: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Mathur, Vandana: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Matta, L. Mathew: Investment Dealers Digest

Matthews, Marcus: Afro American Newspapers

Matthews, Martha A.: BNA News

Matthews, Sidney William: Army Times Publishing Co.

Matusow-Nelson, Barbara: Washingtonian

Maxwell, Alison Leigh: Government Executive

[[Page 1034]]

Mayer, Jane: New Yorker

Mayer, Merry Anne: Government Computer News

Maynard, Mike: Phillips Publishing

Maze, Kristina L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mazzara, Dona Ritchie: Insight Magazine

McAllister, Jef: Time Inc.

McAvoy, Kim: Broadcasting & Cable

McBeth, Karen: McGraw-Hill

McCann, Jeanne: Education Week

McCarter, Chris: UCG

McCaughan, Michael: FDC Reports

McClain, Jr., Wallis E.: BNA News

McClenahen, John: Penton Publishing

McCollum, Kelly: Chronicle of Higher Education

McConnell, William: Broadcasting & Cable

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing News

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCormick, Fritz: Telecommunications Report

McCormick, Sheila: Federal Employees News Digest

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McCullagh, Declan: Time Inc.

McDaniel, Ann L.: Newsweek

McDermon, Velma Goodwine: Research Institute of America Group

McDonald, Kim A.: Chronicle of Higher Education

McDonald, Marci: U. S. News & World Report

McDonald, Natashka Patricia: Hispanic Link

McDonough, James: EPIN Publishing

McElroy, Alex: BNA News

McFadden, Edward: Reader's Digest

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McGowan, Kevin P.: BNA News

McGuire, David: Atlantic Information Services

McHugh, Jane Claire: Army Times Publishing Co.

McInerney, Susan: BNA News

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McIntyre, Kellie M.: Phillips Publishing

McKee, Charles J.L.: Reid Publishing Group

McKenna, James T.: Aviation Week

McLane, Paul J.: IMAS Publishing

McMeen, Albert: BNA News

McNamee, Michael D.: Business Week

McShea, Mary G.: Federal Publications

McTague, James: Barron's

McVicker, William: Recall

McWilliams, Charlyne: Inside Mortgage Finance

Mead, Sybil: FDC Reports

Mechcatie, Elizabeth: International Medical News Group

Melillo, Wendy: Adweek Magazine

Mercurio, John: Roll Call

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Messmer, Ellen: IDG Communications

Messmer, Jack L.: Radio Business Report

Methvin, Eugene: Reader's Digest

Meyer, Allison: BNA News

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call

Micco, Linda: Research Institute of America Group

Middleton, Amy C.: Research Institute of America Group

Milbank, Dana: New Republic

Millar, Bruce: McGraw-Hill

Miller, David W.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Miller, Jason: Washington Business Information

Miller, John J.: National Review

Miller, Margaret: BNA News

Miller, Mark Karl: Broadcasting & Cable

Miller, Michael S.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Miller, Reed: Phillips Publishing

Miller, W. Kent: Army Times Publishing Co.

Miller, William H.: Penton Publishing

Milligan, Michael: Travel Weekly

Minton-Beddoes, Zanny: Economist

Minton-Eversole, Theresa: Research Institute of America Group

Misenti, Meg: Federal Computer Week

Mitchell, John: Reader's Digest

Mitsis, Nick: Phillips Publishing

Mlawsky, David: Atlantic Information Services

Modugno, Angela: Inside Washington Publishers

Modugno, Elisa: Phillips Publishing

Moffett, Anne: Time Inc.

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Moncrief, JoAnne: National Journal

Monroe, John: Federal Computer Week

Montwieler, Nancy: BNA News

Moore, James Gerry: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Moore, Jennifer L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moore, Nancy J.: BNA News

Moore, W. John: National Journal

Moorefield, Kesha: Business Publishers

Moorman, Robert: Penton Publishing

Moorstein, Gail: BNA News

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morehouse, Macon: Time Inc.

Morring, Jr., Frank: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Morris, Jodie: National Journal

Morris, Walter: FDC Reports

Morrison, David: Inside Washington Publishers

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morton, Peter: Financial Post

Moser, Grant: Business Publishers

Moskowitz, Daniel: Healthcare Information

Mosquera, Mary: CMP Media Inc.

Moulier, Philippe: U. S. News & World Report

Mueller, Mark: Phillips Publishing

Mulholland, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mullally, Ellen B.: Phillips Publishing

Mundy, Alicia: Washingtonian

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munro, Neil P.: National Journal

Muolo, Paul: National Mortgage News

Murphey, Debra Z.: Phillips Publishing

[[Page 1035]]

Murphy, Joan: Food Chemical News

Murphy II, Frances L.: Afro American Newspapers

Murray, Bill: Government Computer News

Murray, Joan K.: Bill Communications

Murray, Mark: National Journal

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Mytelka, Andrew C.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Naasz, Kurt D.: BNA News

Nail, Dawson B.: Warren Publishing

Najor, Pamela Rachelle: Inside Washington Publishers

Namian, Tina Fritz: Research Institute of America Group

Nance, Scott: King Publications

Narayana, Naina: IMAS Publishing

Nareum, Meredith: Business Publishers

Nather, David: BNA News

Nayalkar, Supriya: Phillips Publishing

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Neill, Alex: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nelan, Bruce W.: Time Inc.

Nelms, Douglas: Penton Publishing

New, William Edwin: Inside Washington Publishers

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill

Newman, Bernard: BNA News

Newman, Richard J.: U. S. News & World Report

Nicholas, Darrick: Government Computer News

Nicklin, Julie L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Nordwall, Bruce D.: Aviation Week

North, David M.: Aviation Week

Notaras, Stacy: Telecommunications Reports

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Novak, Viveca: Time Inc.

Novotny, Andrea: Washington Business Information

Nowak, Rachel: New Scientist

O'Beirne, Kate Walsh: National Review

O'Brien, Cyril J.: Stars & Stripes

O'Brien, Sean M.: Tax Notes

O'Brien, Thomas W.: CD Publications

O'Connell, Richard J.: Washington Crime News Services

O'Connell, Susan Mary: Washington Crime News Services

O'Donnell, Norah: Roll Call

O'Hara, Cindy: McGraw-Hill

O'Hara, Colleen M.: Federal Computer Week

O'Meara, Kelly P.: Insight Magazine

O'Toole, Thomas: BNA News

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Ogden, Christopher: Time Inc.

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Olsen, Florence: Government Computer News

Olson, Lynn: Education Week

Olson, Peter R.: CD Publications

Omberg, Cynthia S.: BNA News

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Opall-Rome, Barbara: Army Times Publishing Co.

Oremland, Ryan: Telecommunications Reports

Orleans, Anne: Washington New Observer

Osuna, Juan P.: Federal Publications

Osvath, Rebecca J.: BNA News

Otteman, Scott: Inside Washington Publishers

Owens, Christopher: Thompson Publishing Group

Page, Paul: Traffic World

Paige, Sean: Insight Magazine

Pak, Janne Kum Cha: USA Journal

Palmer, Jennifer: Army Times Publishing Co.

Papazian, Gregory K.: FDC Reports

Pappalardo, Denise: IDG Communications

Parezo, Steve: Natural Gas Week

Parisi, Gretchen: Thompson Publishing Group

Park, Jennifer: Warren Publishing

Park, Scott: Human Events

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parrish, Molly R.: Pace Publications

Parthasarathy, Hemai: Nature

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Pate, James L.: Soldier of Fortune

Patterson, Allison: CD Publications

Patterson, Eliza: Financial Times Food Business

Paulson, William Clifford: FDC Reports

Peacock, Stephen: Inside Washington Publishers

Pearcey, J. Richard: Human Events

Pegg, Jonathan R.: IMAS Publishing

Pekow, Charles: UCG

Peniston, Bradley: Army Times Publishing Co.

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Pershing, Benjamin: Roll Call

Pesek, Jr., William: Barron's

Peters, Katherine M.: Government Executive

Peters, Michele: BNA News

Peterson, Donna M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Petrush, Liza: McGraw-Hill

Pettegrew, Hillary: Research Institute of America Group

Pexton, Patrick: National Journal

Phelps, Richard: Washington Crime News Services

Phibbs, Pat: Business Publishers

Phillips, Andrew: Maclean's

Pimley, D. Ward: BNA News

Pipes, Brian: McGraw-Hill

Pleszczynski, Wladyslaw: American Spectator

Plotz, David: Slate

Podesta, Jane: Time Inc.

Poe, Christine: Thompson Publishing Group

Polen, Danielle M.: Federal Publications

Polster, Nathaniel: HLB Newsletter

Pond, Stanley S.: BNA News

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Ponto, Sara: Roll Call

Porado, Philip: CD Publications

Porter, Amy: BNA News

Portner, Jessica: Education Week

Postal, Arthur D.: American Banker Newsletters

Power, Maureen J.: Tax Notes

[[Page 1036]]

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Powers, William: National Journal

Prah, Pamela M.: BNA News

Prawdzik, Christopher C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Price, Simon: Phillips Publishing

Pritchard, William: Business Publishers

Prothero, P. Mitchell: Inside Washington Publishers

Proulx, James J.: McGraw-Hill

Pryde, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Pulley, John L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Putman, Lisa: FDC Reports

Quindlen, Terrey: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rabb, Charles: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Reports

Radow, Jonathan: FDC Reports

Rafferty, William: Newsweek

Ragavan, Chitra: U. S. News & World Report

Rainie III, Harrison M.: U. S. News & World Report

Rains, Lon L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Randolph, Laura Beth: Jet/Ebony

Rankin, Ken: Lebhar-Friedman Publications

Rankin, Margaret: Research Institute of America Group

Rash, Jr., Wayne: CMP Media Inc.

Rathbun, Elizabeth: Broadcasting & Cable

Ratnam, Gopal: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rauch, Jonathan: National Journal

Rawson, Kathleen E.: FDC Reports

Razzi, Elizabeth A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rebora, Anthony: Research Institute of America Group

Reddy, Tarun: McGraw-Hill

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Rees, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Reichard, John: Healthcare Information

Reid, Kenneth: Washington Information Source

Reilly, Kathleen: Federal Publications

Reisberg, Leo: Chronicle of Higher Education

Reishus, Mark: Thompson Publishing Group

Reisman, Adam: Inside Washington Publishers

Reisner, Hiram: Research Institute of America Group

Reistrup, John V.: JR Publishing

Rendleman, John: PC Week

Rheault, Magali: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rhein, Jr., Reginald W.: Scrip World Pharmaceutical News

Ridgeway, James: Village Voice

Riley, Karen Jane: Clinica

Ripley, Amanda: Washington City Paper

Rivenbark, Leigh: Army Times Publishing Co.

Robb, David W.: Phillips Publishing

Robelen, Erik: Education Week

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Roberts, Sharon R.: Time Inc.

Roberts, Vanessa Jo: Government Computer News

Roberts, Victoria: BNA News

Robertson, Jack W.: CMP Media Inc.

Robertson, Rebekah: Pratt's Letter

Robinson, Lynda: Roll Call

Robinson, Paulette J.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Robinson, Tod: BNA News

Roblyer, Giles: Washington Services Bureau

Rockelli, Lisa M.: BNA News

Rockey, Alexandra: Insight Magazine

Rockwell, Mark: CMP Media Inc.

Rodgers, Lori M.: Public Utilities Reports

Rodriguez, Paul M.: Insight Magazine

Roeder, Linda: Business Publishers

Rogers, Amy: CMP Media Inc.

Rogers, James O.: Inside Washington Publishers

Rogers, Warren: Associated Features

Roha, Ronaleen: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rohde, David: IDG Communications

Rollin, Sara Thurin: BNA News

Roos, John G.: Armed Forces Journal

Roosa, Dana: Research Institute of America Group

Roosevelt, Ann: King Publications

Rose, Lois C.: BNA News

Rosen, Jeffrey: New Republic

Rosenberg, Debra: Newsweek

Rosenberg, Stacy: Thompson Publishing Group

Ross, Patrick C.: Warren Publishing

Rossi, Robert: Legal Times

Roth, Siobhan: Legal Times

Rothstein, Betsy: The Hill

Roundy, William: Washington Blade

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Ruane, Joel: FDC Reports

Ruark, Jennifer K.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Rubin, Courtney: Washingtonian

Rubin, Frank: LRP Publications

Ruscus, Andrew: FDC Reports

Ruscus, Margaret C.: FDC Reports

Rushford, Greg: Rushford Report

Rust, Michael: Insight Magazine

Rutherford, Dan W.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Ryan, Denise: Washington Service Bureau

Ryan, Margaret L.: McGraw-Hill

Sabine, Michael David: Phillips Publishing

Sack, Joetta L.: Education Week

Saenz, Cheryl: BNA News

Saies, Judith: CD Publications

Sala, Susan J.: BNA News

Saldarini, Katy: Government Executive

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Samberg-Champion, Sasha: Warren Publishing

Sammon, Richard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Samuelson, Robert: Newsweek

Sandham, Jessica L.: Education Week

Sarkis, Paul A.: BNA News

Sartipzadeh, S. Ali: BNA News

Satchell, Michael John: U. S. News & World Report

[[Page 1037]]

Sayre, David A.: BNA News

Schaffer, Michael: Washington City Paper

Scheinman, John: Phillips Publishing

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schiessl, Michaela: Der Spiegel

Schlesinger, Robert E.K.: The Hill

Schluter, Carolyn: Green Sheets

Schmeidel, John: Insight Magazine

Schnaiberg, Lynn R.: Education Week

Schneider, Alison: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schneiderman, Shelley E.: FDC Reports

Schoenberg, Tom: Legal Times

Schomisch, Jeffrey W.: Washington Business Information

Schorr, Burt: UCG

Schrof, Joannie Marie: U. S. News & World Report

Schuette, Paul: Food Regulation Weekly

Schuff, Sally: Feedstuffs

Schuler, Jr., Joseph F.: Public Utilities Reports

Schulhof, Marc L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schulz, John D.: Traffic World

Schulz, William: Reader's Digest

Schwartz, Cindy: FDC Reports

Schweizer III, Roman G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Scorza, John Forrest: CCH Inc.

Scott, Dean T.: BNA News

Scott, Kimberly: National Report on Subacute Care

Seaborn, TaNika: Business Publishers

Seffers, George: Army Times Publishing Co.

Seidenberg, John: Credit Management and Marketplace News

Seife, Charles: New Scientist

Seigle, Greg: Jane's Information Group

Selinger, Marc: BNA News

Sellinger, Margery B.: Time Inc.

Seng, Neang: Time Inc.

Seng, Vornida: Time Inc.

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal

Seraile, Brian: Food Chemical News

Sergeon, Janet L.: BNA News

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shaki, Paula: Army Times Publishing Co.

Shanahan, Eileen: Governing

Shannon, Elaine: Time Inc.

Shapiro, Elizabeth T.: UCG

Shapiro, Joseph P.: U. S. News & World Report

Shapiro, Michael: Washington Jewish Week

Shay, Lee Ann: Phillips Publishing

Shea, Richard L.: Federal Publications

Shepard, Marla: Warren Publishing

Shepnick, Philippe: The Hill

Sheppard, Doug: Tax Notes

Sherfy, Elizabeth Jean: Thompson Publishing Group

Sherif, Nihal: Inside Washington Publishers

Sherman, Jason: Armed Forces Journal

Sherrod, Lawrence: Thompson Publishing Group

Shiferaw, Haiymanot: FDC Reports

Shipman, William Matthew: Inside Washington Publishers

Shoop, Thomas J.: Government Executive

Shread, Paul: Food Chemical News

Shuey, PJ: Army Times Publishing Co.

Shute, Nancy: U. S. News & World Report

Sibley, Martin C.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Sidey, Hugh S.: Time Inc.

Sieff, Martin: King Publications

Silva, Jeffrey S.: Crain Communications

Silver, F. Todd: U. S. Medicine

Silverberg, David: The Hill

Silverman, Bridget L.: FDC Reports

Silverman, Jennifer: BNA News

Silverstein, Sam: Army Times Publishing Co.

Silverstone, Ken: Business Publishers

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal

Simmon, Christine M.: Thompson Publishing Group

Simmons, Nancy F.: BNA News

Singer, Jeremy: Inside Washington Publishers

Singer, Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Sirak, Michael C.: Inside Washington Publishers

Sisk, Charles: Institutional Investor

Sisowath, Sinin: HLB Newsletter

Skibitski, Peter J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Skilling, Kenneth H.: BNA News

Skolnik, Sam: Legal Times

Skolnik, Sarah: Time Inc.

Skovron, James W.: BNA News

Slabodkin, Greg: Government Computer News

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Small, John R.: BNA News

Smetannikov, Max: Phillips Publishing

Smith, Eileen B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, Ellen: Legal Publication Services

Smith, John Allen: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, Kelly: Time Inc.

Smith, Marc Osgoode: Phillips Publishing

Smith, Marcy L.: SD Publications Inc.

Smith, Priscilla Ann: Food Regulation Weekly

Smith, Rhonda: Washington Blade

Smith, Roger P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Sobie, Brendan: Traffic World

Solomon, Burton R.: National Journal

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Spake, Amanda: U. S. News & World Report

Spangler, Matt: Radio & Records

Speaker, Scott C.: Natural Gas Week

Speights, Michael David: Business Publishers

Spence, Charles F.: Flyer

Spencer, Patricia S.: BNA News

Spencer, Sarah E.: Business Publishers

Sperber, Robert S.: UCG

Spicer, Malcolm: Phillips Publishing

Spiegel, Peter: Forbes

Spieler, Rebecca: FDC Reports

Sprague, Dean: Budget & Program

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

[[Page 1038]]

Srodes, James L.: World Trade

Stahl, David: Microbanker

Stahl, Stephanie: CMP Media Inc.

Stambler, Meredith: Research Institute of America Group

Standeford, Dugie: Inside Washington Publishers

Stanley, Scott: Insight Magazine

Stanton, John Roberts: Inside Washington Publishers

Stanton, Lynn E.: Telecommunications Reports

Staples, Edward: American Banker Newsletters

Starobin, Paul: National Journal

Starr, Beth: BNA News

Steele, Zaira: Steele Communications

Steinberg, Julie: BNA News

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Steis, Dexter: Natural Gas Intelligence

Stellfox, David: McGraw-Hill

Stemler, David McF.: Pratt's Letter

Stencel, Sandra: CQ Researcher

Stern, Naomi: Government Information Services

Stevens, Tiffany: Radio Business Report

Stewart, William H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stichter, Charlotte K.: BNA News

Stimmel, Katherine M.: BNA News

Stimson, James A.: BNA News

Stimson, Leslie: IMAS Publishing

Stivers, Rebekah: Inside Mortgage Finance

Stoddard, A. B.: The Hill

Stoffer, Harry: Crain Communications

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stokes, Bruce: National Journal

Stoler, Judith: Time Inc.

Stone, Gregory M.: Mobile Radio Technology

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal

Stover, Kathy A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stowell, Alan M.: BNA News

Stratton, Sheryl: Tax Notes

Struck, Myron: CD Publications

Sturges, Peyton M.: BNA News

Suarez, Ruth: Phillips Publishing

Sullivan, Dennis: UCG

Sullivan, John: Phillips Publishing

Sullivan, Sean: McGraw-Hill

Sung, Ellen Wei: Tax Notes

Supervielle, Ana Baron: Editorial Atlantida

Sweeney, Ray: CD Publications

Sweeney, Terry: CMP Media Inc.

Swit, David: Washington Business Information

Swope, Christopher: Governing

Sybor, Adrian: Food Regulation Weekly

Taborn, Tyrone: Career Communications Group

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Taft, Darryl: CMP Media Inc.

Talbot, Jill S.: Thompson Publishing Group

Taube, Herman: Jewish Forward

Taulbee, Pamela D.: UCG

Tavarez, Evelyn: Thompson Publishing Group

Taylor, Ihsan K.: Education Week

Taylor, Ronald: BNA News

Taylor, Stuart S.: National Journal

Taylor, Vincent E.: Pace Publications

Teinowitz, Ira: Crain Communications

Temin, Thomas R.: Government Computer News

Tengesdal, Susan: Business Publishers

Terry, Shawn: McGraw-Hill

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thibodeau, Patrick: IDG Communications

Thiemann, Laura: New Yorker

Thomas, Bill: Roll Call

Thomas, Griff: Congressional Digest

Thomas, Richard: Newsweek

Thompson, Dick: Time Inc.

Thompson, Garland: Career Communications Group

Thompson, Mark J.: Time Inc.

Thompson, Phillip: Army Times Publishing Co.

Thormeyer, Robert: Inside Washington Publishers

Thorn, Judith: BNA News

Thorndike, Joseph: Tax Notes

Thorne, Khela Cuccaro: Education Week

Thornton, Jeannye: U. S. News & World Report

Thyfault, Mary: CMP Media Inc.

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tiernan, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Tigner, Brooks: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tillett, Scott: Federal Computer Week

Tilley, Jay: Washington Business Information

Tillman, Cynthia: Washington Business Information

Tinkelman, Joseph: BNA News

Tobbe, Elizabeth: Phillips Publishing

Tobias, Susan-Meader: Thompson Publishing Group

Todaro, Jane: Business Week

Tolchin, Martin: The Hill

Toloken, Steve: Crain Communications

Tomich, Nancy: U. S. Medicine

Tosh, Dennis A.: Research Institute of America Group

Trigoboff, Dan: Broadcasting & Cable

Trimble, Stephen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Triplett, William: Roll Call

Tritch, Teresa: Time Inc.

Troshinsky, Lisa: King Publications

Trotter, Andrew: Education Week

Tsimekles, Diane: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tucker, Miriam E.: International Medical News Group

Tumulty, Karen: Time Inc.

Turque, Bill: Newsweek

Twachtman, Gregory: Phillips Publishing

Twitchell, Evelyn: UCG

Tyson, Daniel: Tax Notes

Uhlendorf, Karl: FDC Reports

Ullmann, Owen: Business Week

Updyke, Craig A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Urdan, Rachel: Inside Washington Publishers

Vample, Gwendolyn C.: Thompson Publishing Group

[[Page 1039]]

Van Atta, Dale: Reader's Digest

Van Der Werf, Martin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Van Dongen, Rachel: Roll Call

Van Sant, Will: National Journal

Van Voorst, L. Bruce: Time Inc.

Van Wagner, Lisa: Federal News Services

VandeHei, James: Roll Call

Vandegrift, Beth: Thompson Publishing Group

Vaughan, Allyson: Institutional Investor

Vaughan, Martin: Inside Washington Publishers

Verton, Daniel M.: Federal Computer Week

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Viccora, Andrew: LRP Publications

Victor, Kirk: National Journal

Vidas, Chris: BNA News

Vistica, Gregory L.: Newsweek

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Wadman, Meredith: Nature

Walczak, Lee: Business Week

Walker, Karen: Airline Business

Walker, Katrina D.: Tax Notes

Walker, Richard: Government Computer News

Wall, Robert: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Wallace, Phil: Food Chemical News

Waller, Douglas C.: Time Inc.

Wallison, Ethan: Roll Call

Walsh, Elsa: New Yorker

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U. S. News & World Report

Walsh, Mark: Education Week

Ware, Andrew: Natural Gas Week

Ware, Patricia.: BNA News

Warner, Edward: Wireless Week

Warren, Daniel Y.: Warren Publishing

Wasserman, Elizabeth A.: IDG Communications

Waterfield, Larry: Vance Publishing

Waters, Angela: Time Inc.

Watkins, Steve: Army Times Publishing Co.

Watson-Boles, Amanda J.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Watts, Ricardo: Afro American Newspapers

Weaver, Heather Forsgren: Crain Communications

Weber, Maya: McGraw-Hill

Weber, Rick: Inside Washington Publishers

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Weible, Jack: Army Times Publishing Co.

Weil, Jenny: McGraw-Hill

Weinstein, Gary A.: BNA News

Weisskopf, Michael: Time Inc.

Welch, Jake: National Journal

Welch, Rupert: Furniture Today

Welch, Wayne M.: CD Publications

Wells, Robert J.: Tax Notes

Wells-Lee, Tamera L.: Tax Notes

Wemple, Erik C.: Washington City Paper

Werble, Cole Palmer: FDC Reports

Werner, Karen Leigh: BNA News

West, Donald V.: Broadcasting & Cable

Whalen, Jennifer: Phillips Publishing

Whalen, John M.: BNA News

White, Elizabeth A.: BNA News

White, Jack E.: Time Inc.

White, Kerry: Education Week

Whitehouse, Elizabeth: Business Publishers

Whitelaw, Kevin: U. S. News & World Report

Whitman, David deF.: U. S. News & World Report

Whitten, Daniel: Thompson Publishing Group

Wiedenheft, Jean: Inside Washington Publishers

Wiener, Leonard: U. S. News & World Report

Wilcox, Joe: CMP Media Inc.

Wilcox, Melynda D.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Wildavsky, Ben: U. S. News & World Report

Wildavsky, Rachel Flick: Reader's Digest

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: Business Week

Wilhelm, Ian: Business Publishers

Wilkins, Francis: Inside Washington Publishers

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeanne: Capitol City Publishers

Williams, Jeffrey: Satellite Business News

Williams, Marjorie C.: Vanity Fair

Williams, Mark A.: BNA News

Williams, Risa: Tax Notes

Williamson, Bonnie: McGraw-Hill

Wilner, Frank N.: Traffic World

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Wilson, Tim: CMP Media Inc.

Windish, David F.: Tax Notes

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Winneker, Craig A.: Roll Call

Winograd, Erin Q.: Inside Washington Publishers

Winograd, Jeffrey L.: Yellow Dog Democrat

Winston, Sherie: McGraw-Hill

Winter, Erica: Atlantic Information Services

Winter, Thomas S.: Human Events

Witkin, Gordon: U. S. News & World Report

Witkowski, Wallace: FDC Reports

Witmer, Rachel S.: BNA News

Witt, Elder: Governing

Woellert, Lorraine: Business Week

Wood, Christopher: Research Institute of America Group

Wood, Leah: Thompson Publishing Group

Woodworth, Anne: Thompson Publishing Group

Wright, Allison: Food Chemical News

Wright, Carolyn: Tax Notes

Wright, Charlotte: Business Publishers

Wright, Joseph Michael: National Journal

Wright, Kai: Washington Blade

Wright, Michelle A.: Washington Business Information

Wright, Tamu: BNA News

Wright, Jr., James L.: Afro American Newspapers

Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

Yancy, Tom: McGraw-Hill

[[Page 1040]]

Yang, Catherine T.: Business Week

Yarborough, Mary Helen: Business Publishers

Yasin, Rutrell: CMP Media Inc.

Yates, Marshall: Alfa Publishing

Yeager, James McCarty: Progressive Populist

Yee, Wendell: BNA News

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yoder, Eric T.: Federal Employees News Digest

York, Byron: American Spectator

Yorke, Jeffrey: Radio & Records

Young, Jeffrey R.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Youngstrom, Nina: Atlantic Information Services

Yourish, Karen: Exchange Monitor Publications

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zacaroli, Alec: BNA News

Zagorin, Adam: Time Inc.

Zastudil, Michael K.: Natural Gas Week

Zehr, Mary Ann: Education Week

Zeliff, Dave: Phillips Publishing

Zeller, Shawn: National Journal

Zengerle, Jason: New Republic

Zirkle, Cynthia: CCH Inc.

Zolt, Stacey: Roll Call

Zuckerman, Edward P.: Political Finance & Lobby Reporter

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News

Zurcher, Anthony W.: Congressional Digest

Zurier, Steve: CMP Media Inc.

Zwillich, Todd: International Medical News Group


