

Congressional Directory for the 113th Congress (2013-2014), February 2014. - 


Congressional Directory for the 113th Congress (2013-2014), February 2014.
[Pages 457-463]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE HOUSE

                          OFFICE OF THE SPEAKER

             H-232 The Capitol, phone 225-0600, fax 225-5117

Speaker of the House of Representatives.--John A. Boehner.
    Chief of Staff.--Mike Sommers.
        Deputy Chief of Staff for Communications Operations.--Dave 
            Schnittger.
    Director of Administrative Operations.--Amy Lozupone.
    Director of Scheduling and Executive Assistant.--Kristen Blake.
        Deputy Scheduler.--Maura Gillespie.
    Special Events Assistants: Seton Easby-Smith, Anne Pietkiewicz, 
        Ramsey Ratcliffe.
    Director of House Operations.--Kelly Craven.
    Press Secretaries: Brendan Buck, Michael Steel.
    Director of Advance and Media.--Rebeccah Propp.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Heather Reed.
    Director of Media Affairs.--Betsy Embler.
    Communications Director.--Kevin Smith.
    Communications Advisor.--Sofia Boza.
    Digital Communications Director.--Caleb Smith.
    Deputy Communications Director.--Michael Ricci.
    Assistant Communications Director.--Katie Boyd.
    Director of Public Liaison.--Maria Lohmeyer.
    Director of Member Services.--Trevor Kolego.
        Deputy Director of Member Services.--Annie Palisi.
    Outreach Director.--Bill Greene.
    Director, Information Technology.--Billy Benjamin.
    Systems Administrator.--Mike Sager.
    General Counsel / Chief of Legislative Operations.--Jo-Marie St. 
        Martin.
    Associate General Counsel.--Greg Robinson.
    Floor Director.--Anne Thorsen.
        Deputy Floor Director.--Lydia Strunk.
    Policy Director.--David Stewart.
    Assistants to the Speaker for Policy: Brad Bailey, Maryam Brown, 
        Natasha Eckard, Katherine Haley, Cindy Herrle, Charlotte 
        Ivancic, Jen Stewart, Becky Tallent.
    Research Assistant.--Justin Lampert.
    Cloakroom Manager.--Tim Harroun.
    Floor Assistants: Alex Becker, Jared Eichhorn, Annie Minkler.
    Staff Assistants: Jessica Franks, Raul Henriquez, Colton Malkerson, 
        Will Miller, Zach Mingo.

                      OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY LEADER

             H-329 The Capitol, phone 225-4000, fax 226-1115

Majority Leader.--Eric Cantor.
    Chief of Staff.--Steve Stombres.
    Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Neil Bradley, Doug Heye.
    Senior Policy Advisors:  Aaron Cutler, Nicole Gustafson, Cheryl 
        Jaeger, Robert Karem, Rodger Mahan.
    Policy Advisor.--Wyatt Stewart.
    Director of Floor Operations.--Chris Vieson.
    Deputy Director of Floor Operations.--Sarah Morgan.
    Floor Assistant.--Tim Pataki.
    Director of Digital Media.--Connor Walsh.
    Deputy Director of Digital Media.--Nick Marcelli.

[[Page 458]]

    Communications Director.--Rory Cooper.
    Press Secretary.--Megan Whittemore.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Gena Villari.
    Speechwriter.--John Stapleton.
    Director of Oversight.--Rob Borden.
    Director of Member Services.--Katie Patru.
    Deputy Director of Member Services.--Emily Keech.
    Director of Scheduling and Administration.--Amy Barrera.
    Deputy Scheduler.--Courtney Joseph.
    Special Assistant to the Majority Leader.--Allen Jamerson.
    Staff Assistants: Molly Edwards, Lawson Kluttz.

                       OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY WHIP

             H-107 The Capitol, phone 225-0197, fax 225-0781

Majority Whip.--Kevin McCarthy.
    Chief of Staff.--Tim Berry.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--James Min.
    Floor Director.--John Stipicevic.
    Coalitions Director.--Brian Worth.
    Policy Director and Counsel.--Mike Franc.
    Communications Director.--Erica Elliott.
    Member Services and Coalitions Deputy Director.--Natalie Buchanan.
    Deputy Floor Director.--Kelly Dixon.
    Policy Advisors: Wes McClelland, Emily Murry.
    Scheduler.--Kristin Thomson.
    Press Secretary.--Mike Long.
    Floor Assistants: Ben Howard, John Leganski.
    Press Aide.--Mathew Sparks.
    Coalitions Assistant and Assistant to the Chief of Staff.--Brittany 
        Carey.
    Senior Staff Assistant.--Aaron Thiele.

               OFFICE OF THE CHIEF DEPUTY REPUBLICAN WHIP

                    H-116 The Capitol, phone 225-0197

Chief of Staff to Chief Deputy Whip.--David Mork.
    Special Assistant to Chief Deputy Whip.--Jeff Billman.
        Chief of Staff.--Tim Berry.
        Deputy Chief of Staff.--James Min.
        Policy Advisers: Wes McClellan, Emily Murry.
        Policy Director and Counsel.--Steve Pinkos.
        Press Secretary.--Erica Elliott.
        Press Aide.--Mike Long.
        Director of New Media.--Lauren Pratapas.
        Director of Strategic Communications.--Kris Anderson.
        Communications Director.--Sarah Pompei.
        Deputy Director of Floor Operations.--Kelly Dixon.
        Director of Floor Operations.--John Stipicevic.
        Floor Assistants: Freddy Barnes, Ben Howard.
        Scheduler.--Kristin Thomson.
        Director of Coalitions.--Brian Worth.
        Deputy Director of Member Services and Coalitions.--Natalie 
            Buchanan.
        Senior Staff Assistant.--Ashley Mettler.
        Staff Assistants: Brittany Carey, Tim Pataki.

[[Page 459]]

                     OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER

             H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100, fax 225-4188

                        www.democraticleader.gov

Office of the Democratic Leader.--Hon. Nancy Pelosi.
    Chief of Staff.--Nadeam Elshami, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Assistant to the Chief of Staff.--Ethan McClelland, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Chief of Staff (CA08 Office).--Robert Edmonson, 235 CHOB, 225-4965.
    Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Diane Dewhirst, George Kundanis, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Advisors: Michael Bloom, Jonathan Stivers, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Counsel to the Democratic Leader.--Bernie Raimo, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Special Assistants to the Democratic Leader: Emily Berret, Kate 
        Knudson, Bina Surgeon, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Staff Assistant.--Emma Kaplan, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Co-Directors of Correspondence: Robyn Lea, David Silverman, 421 
        Cannon, 225-0100.
    Director of Scheduling.--Melinda Medlin, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Kelsey Smith, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Policy Director.--Dick Meltzer, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Policy Advisor.--Michael Tecklenburg, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Kenneth DeGraff, Wyndee Parker, Wendell 
        Primus, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Advance Policy and Communications: Margaret Capron, Kit 
        Judge, H-204, The Capitol.
    Senior Advance and Director of Member Service.--Jaime Lizarraga, H-
        204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Advisor for Member Services.--Michael Long, H-204, The 
        Capitol.
    Director of Protocol and Special Events.--Kate Knudson, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Speechwriting.--Jonathan Powell, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Deputy Speechwriter.--Henry Connely, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    IT Director.--Wil Haynes, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy IT Director.--Kamilah Keita, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Advance.--Mary-Kate Barry, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Outreach.--Reva Price, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S PRESS OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Communications Director and Senior Advisor.--Drew Hammill.
    Deputy Communications Director.--Ashley Etienne.
    Press Secretary.--Evangeline George.
    Press Advisor.--Stephanie Cherry.
    Research Director.--April Greener.
    Director of New Media.--Tanya Somanader.
    Senior Press Assistant.--Jorge Aguilar.
    Press Assistant.--Ned Adriance.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S FLOOR OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Director of Floor Operations.--Jerry Hartz.

                      OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC WHIP

             H-148 The Capitol, phone 225-3130, fax 226-0663

Democratic Whip.--Steny H. Hoyer.
    Chief of Staff.--Alexis Covey-Brandt.
    Whip Director and Senior Advisor.--Brian Romick.
    Floor Director.--Shuwanza Goff.
    Senior Floor Assistant.--Daniel Shott.
    Floor Assistant.--Danielle Aviles.

[[Page 460]]

    Director of Member Services.--Courtney Fry.
    Deputy Director of Member Services and Outreach Advisor.--Javier 
        Martinez.
    Communications Director.--Katie Grant.
    Press Secretary.--Stephanie Young.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Mariel Saez.
    Press and Research Assistant.--Amanda Ott.
    Speechwriter.--Adam Weissman.
    Policy Director.--Tom Mahr.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Keith Abouchar, James Leuschen, Elizabeth 
        Murray, Mary Frances Repko, Daniel Silverberg.
    Office Manager / Executive Assistant.--Lindsey Cobia.
    Director of Scheduling and Special Events.--Michelle Mittler.
    Special Assistant.--Elliot Gensemer.
    Digital Director and Policy Advisor.--Steve Dwyer.
    Staff Assistants: Federico Rodriguez, Deborah Rowe.

                OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT DEMOCRATIC LEADER

                     132 The Capitol, phone 226-3210

               http://assistantdemocraticleader.house.gov

Assistant Democratic Leader.--James E. Clyburn.
    Chief of Staff.--Yelberton R. Watkins.
    Director of Policy.--Barvetta Singletary.
    Communications Director.--Patrick Devlin.
    Senior Advisor.--Amy Miller Pfeiffer.
    Legislative Assistant.--Matthew Ellison.
    Special Assistant to the Assistant Democratic Leader.--Tamika Day.

                           OFFICE OF THE CLERK

                    H-154 The Capitol, phone 225-7000

    KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the House of Representatives; Karen Lehman 
Haas, a native of Catonsville, MD, was sworn in as Clerk of the House of 
Representatives on January 5, 2011. She is the 34th individual to serve 
as Clerk. This is Ms. Haas' second occupancy of this position--in 2005, 
Speaker J. Dennis Hastert appointed Ms. Haas as Clerk of the U.S. House 
of Representatives. As Clerk, Ms. Haas plays a central role in the daily 
operations and legislative activities of the House. Ms. Haas began her 
service on Capitol Hill in 1984, when she worked for then-Minority 
Leader Robert H. Michel. For nearly 11 years, she served as his 
Executive Legislative Assistant. Following a brief leave to work in the 
private sector, Ms. Haas returned to Capitol Hill in June 1999 to serve 
as Floor Assistant to Speaker Hastert. Following her first term as 
Clerk, she served as Staff Director of the House Republican Conference 
and Minority Staff Director for the House Small Business Committee. Ms. 
Haas attended public schools in Maryland and received a bachelor's 
degree from the University of Maryland, College Park, with a major in 
political science and a minor in economics.

Clerk.--Karen L. Haas.
    Deputy Clerk.--Robert F. Reeves.
    Senior Advisor.--Marjorie ``Gigi'' Kelaher.
        Chief of:
            Legislative Computer Systems.--Goldey Vansant, 2401 RHOB, 
                225-1182.
            Legislative Operations.--Frances Chiappardi, HT-13, 225-
                7925.
            Legislative Resource Center.--Ronald Dale Thomas, B-106 
                CHOB, 226-5200.
        Office of:
            Art and Archives.--Farar Elliott, B-53 CHOB, 226-1300.
            Communications.--Catherine Cooke, B-28 CHOB, 225-1908.
            House Employment Counsel.--Gloria Lett, 1036 LHOB, 225-7075.
    Official Reporter.--Joe Strickland, 1718 LHOB, 225-2627.
        Service Groups--
            Congresswomen's Suite.--225-4196.
            Members and Family Committee.--225-0622.
            Prayer Room.--225-8070.


[[Page 461]]



                      CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

                    HB-28 The Capitol, phone 225-5555

    ED CASSIDY, Chief Administrative Officer of the House of 
Representatives; native of Westport, CT; M.P.A., American University.

Chief Administrative Officer.--Ed Cassidy.
    Administrative Counsel.--Christopher Brewster, H2-217, FHOB.
    Chief Financial Officer.--Traci Beaubian, H2-330, FHOB.
    Human Resources Director.--Jason Hite, H2-105B, FHOB.
    Chief Information Officer.--Nelson Moe, H2-631, FHOB.
    Director of Communications.--Dan Weiser, H2-217, FHOB.

                                CHAPLAIN

             HB-25 The Capitol, phone 225-2509, fax 226-4928

    PATRICK J. CONROY, S.J., Chaplain, House of Representatives, 
residence, Portland, OR; a Jesuit of the Oregon Province of the Society 
of Jesus, graduated from Claremont McKenna College in CA in 1972, 
attended Gonzaga University Law School for one year before entering the 
Jesuit Order in 1973. Earned an M.A. in philosophy from Gonzaga 
University, a J.D. from St. Louis University, an M.Div. from the Jesuit 
School of Theology at Berkeley (CA), and an STM from Regis College of 
the University of Toronto in missiology. Practiced law for the Colville 
Confederated Tribes in Omak, WA and the U.S. Conference of Catholic 
Bishops representing Salvadoran refugees in San Francisco. Ordained a 
priest in 1983. From 1984 to 1989, pastored four villages on the 
Colville and Spokane Indian Reservations. Worked for the national Jesuit 
Office of Social Ministries in Washington, D.C., then began a career of 
university chaplaincy at Georgetown University and Seattle University. 
In 2003 transferred to Jesuit High School in Portland, OR, to teach 
freshman theology and coach the mighty JV II girls' softball team. Also 
served as the Oregon Province's Provincial Assistant for Formation and 
as superior of the Jesuit community at Jesuit High School in Portland. 
Sworn in as 60th House Chaplain on May 25, 2011.

Chaplain of the House.--Patrick J. Conroy.
    Assistant to the Chaplain.--Elisa Aglieco.
    Liaison to Staff.--Karen Bronson.

                      OFFICE OF THE HOUSE HISTORIAN

            B-56 Cannon House Office Building, phone 226-5525

   http://historian.house.gov; history@mail.house.gov; @UShousehistory

House Historian.--Mathew Wasniewski.
    Associate Historian.--Ken Kato.
    Manager of Historical Services.--Erin M. Hromada.
    Oral Historian.--Kathleen Johnson.

                  OFFICE OF INTERPARLIAMENTARY AFFAIRS

                      HC-4 Capitol, phone 226-1766

Director.--Janice Robinson.
    Assistant Director.--Vacant.

                       HOUSE INFORMATION RESOURCES

              H2-631C, phone: 226-4103, facsimile: 226-2433

CIO (Chief Information Officer) for the House of Representatives.--
    Nelson P. Moe.


[[Page 462]]



                      OFFICE OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN

                    H-166 The Capitol, phone 225-5421

          (After office hours, call Capitol Operator 224-2145)

Attending Physician.--Dr. Brian P. Monahan.
    Chief of Staff.--Christopher R. Picaut.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--Keith Pray.

                       OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

            H2-386 Ford House Office Building, phone 226-1250

Inspector General.--Theresa M. Grafenstine.
    Deputy Inspector Generals: Debbie B. Hunter, Michael T. Ptasienski.
    Director of Support Services.--Terry Upshur.
    Assistant Director of:
        Finance and Administration.--Susan Kozubski.
        Quality Assurance and Contract Service.--Steven Johnson.
    Administrative Assistant.--Deborah E. Jones.
    Director, Performance and Financial Audits and Investigations.--
        Kimberly Benoit.
    Assistant Director of:
        Financial Audits.--Susan Simpson.
        Investigations.--Julie Poole.
    Auditors: Ronnette Bailey, Nicole Loutsenhizer, Alexander Stewart.
    Director, Information Systems Audit.--Vacant.
    Assistant Director, Information Systems Audits.--Michael Howard.
    Director, Management and Advisory Services.--Joseph C. Picolla.
    Assistant Directors: Gregory Roberts, Donna Wolfgang.
    Management Analysts: Leslie Bonnikson, Kevin Cornell, Saad Patel.

                   OFFICE OF THE LAW REVISION COUNSEL

 H2-308 Ford House Office Building, 20515-6711, phone 226-2411, fax 225-
                                  0010

Law Revision Counsel.--Ralph V. Seep.
    Deputy Counsel.--Robert M. Sukol.
    Senior Counsels: Kenneth I. Paretzky, Timothy D. Trushel.
    Assistant Counsels: Michelle Evans, Katrina M. Hall, Raymond 
        Kaselonis, Katherine L. Lane, Brian Lindsey, Edward T. Mulligan, 
        Michele K. Skarvelis, Lindsey Skouras, 
        John F. Wagner, Jr.
    Staff Assistants: Sylvia Tahirkheli, Monica Thompson.
    Printing Editors: Robert E. Belcher, James Cahill.
    Senior Systems Engineer.--Eric Loach.
    Systems Engineer.--Ken Thomas.

                    OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

            136 Cannon House Office Building, phone 225-6060

Legislative Counsel.--Sandra L. Strokoff.
    Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Edward G. Grossman.
    Senior Counsels: Wade Ballou, Douglass Bellis, Timothy Brown, Paul 
        Callen, Sherry Chriss, Susan Fleishman, Rosemary Gallagher, 
        James Grossman, Curt Haensel, Jean Harmann, Gregory M. Kostka, 
        Edward Leong, Hank Savage, Mark Synnes, Robert Weinhagen, Noah 
        Wofsy.
    Assistant Counsels: Karen Anderson, Marshall Barksdale, Philip 
        Bayer, Hallet Brazelton, Warren Burke, Thomas Cassidy, Henry 
        Christrup, Jesse Cross, Lisa Daly, Thomas Dillon, Mathew 
        Eckstein, Lucy Wolfe Goss, Ryan Greenlaw, Justin Gross, Alison 
        Hartwich, Ellen J. Irby, Megan Lewis, Kakuti Lin, Christopher 
        Osborne, Scott Probst, Hadley Ross, Anthony Sciascia, Jessica 
        Shapiro, Anna Shpak, Veena Srinivasa, Michelle Vanek, Sally 
        Walker, Brady Young.
    Office Administrator.--Nancy McNeillie.
    Assistant Office Administrator.--Debra Birch.

[[Page 463]]

    Director, Information Systems.--Willie Blount.
    Senior Systems Analyst.--Peter Szwec.
    Systems Administrator.--David Topper.
    Publications Coordinator.--Craig Sterkx.
    Paralegal.--Kristen Amarosa.
    Staff Assistants / Paralegals: Elonda Blount, Kelly Meryweather.
    Staff Assistants: Ashley Anderson, Tomas Contreras, Miekl Joyner, 
        Katherine Leiden, 
        Matthew Loggie, Tom Meryweather, Angelina Patton.

                      OFFICE OF THE PARLIAMENTARIAN

                    H-209 The Capitol, phone 225-7373

Parliamentarian.--Thomas J. Wickham, Jr.
    Deputy Parliamentarian.--Ethan B. Lauer.
        Assistant Parliamentarians: Anne Gooch, Severin E. Randall, 
            Jason A. Smith, Carrie E. Wolf.
        Clerk to the Parliamentarian.--Brian C. Cooper.
            Assistant Clerks to the Parliamentarian: Lloyd A. Jenkins, 
                Monica Rodriguez.
    Precedent Consultant.--Charles W. Johnson III.
    Precedent Editors: Andrew S. Neal, Max A. Spitzer.
    Information Technology Manager.--Bryan J. Feldblum.

                     OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

                    H-124 The Capitol, phone 225-2456

    PAUL D. IRVING, Sergeant at Arms of the U.S. House of 
Representatives; born August 21st, 1957 in Tampa, FL; B.S., Justice, 
American University; J.D., Whittier Law School; career record: clerk, 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office, 1980; special 
agent, U.S. Secret Service's, Los Angeles Field Office, 1983; Assistant 
Director for Government and Public Affairs, 2002; elected 36th Sergeant 
at Arms of the U.S. House of Representatives on January 17, 2012, for 
the 112th Congress.

Sergeant at Arms.--Paul D. Irving.
    Deputy Sergeant at Arms.--Donald T. Kellaher.
    Counsel to the Sergeant at Arms.--Tim Blodgett.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Administration.--Kathleen Joyce.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Protocol and Chamber Operations.--
            Ted Daniel.
        Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Floor Security: Joyce 
            Hamlett, Rick Villa.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Emergency Management.--Bob Dohr.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Interoffice Coordination.--Curt 
            Coughlin.
    Chief Information Officer.--Jim Kaelin.
    Directors:
        Division of Garage and Parking Security.--Dorian Coward.
        Division of House Security.--William McFarland.
        Identification Services.--Jack Looney.
    Managers:
        Appointments Desk.--Teresa Johnson.
        Chamber Support Services.--Andrew Burns.
    Senior Advisor for Police Services / Law Enforcement.--Larry 
        Thompson.
    Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms, Operations.--Stefan J. Bieret.
    Staff Assistant.--KaSandra Greenhow.



