

Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997. - 


Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997.
[Pages 1004-1031]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]



                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--David Holmes.
Assistant Directors: Anne J. Cobb, Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Superintendent.--Jim Talbert.
Assistant Superintendents: Louise A. Curran; Edward V. Pesce.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Craig Winneker, Roll Call, 
                                                Chairman
                                            Richard Maze, Army Times 
                                                Publishing Co., 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Richard Dunham, Business 
                                                Week
                                            Richard Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Cheryl Bolen, BNA News
                                            Jay Carney, Time, Inc.
                                            John Godfrey, Tax Notes
                               __________

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch. House organs are not eligible.
    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the Galleries.

[[Page 1005]]

    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the Galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short term assignment or 
temporarily resident in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of Rule 34 of the House of Representatives 
and of Rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under 
the control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the Galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The Committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association, and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The Committee shall elect 
its own officers, and a majority of the Committee may fill vacancies on 
the Committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                              Newt Gingrich,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                John Warner,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1006]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Abadjian, Marguerite: Inside Washington Publishers

Abruscato, Lurdes: Phillips Publishing

Abshire, Michael: Capitol Publications

Aclander, Melanie: Legal Publication Services

Adde, Nicholas L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Agnew, Bruce A.: Journal of NIH Research

Aguilar, Louis: Hispanic Link News Service

Aihara, Akihiro: Defense Focus

Aikens, Ronald E.: BNA News

Airozo, David: McGraw-Hill

Aker, Janet A.: FDC Reports

Albani, Karin: Capitol Publications

Albergo, Paul F.: BNA News

Albers, Julie Wakefield: Washington City Paper

Albiniak, Paige M.: Broadcasting & Cable

Alden, John R.: Telecommunications Reports

Aldrich, Nancy Lee: Business Publishers

Alger, Elizabeth: Career Pathways Report

Allizon, Marie B.: Internewsletter

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Amolsch, Arthur L.: FTC Watch

Anand, Vineeta: Crain Communications

Anderson, Burnett: Numismatic News

Anderson, Jon R.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Anderson, Tania: TechNews

Anderson, Wendy Love: Food Chemical News

Anselmo, Joseph C.: Aviation Week

Anthes, Gary H.: IDG Communications

Antonides, David S.: Tax Notes

Archer, Jeffrey Robert: Education Week

Arenstein, Seth: Phillips Publishing

Arian, Michael L.: BNA News

Armbrister, Trevor: Reader's Digest

Armes, Leroy: BNA News

Armstrong, Anne: Federal Computer Week

Arnoult, Sandra: Phillips Publishing

Arthur, Holly E.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Arthur, Mary Helen: Thompson Publishing Group

Ashton, Jerome C.: BNA News

Ashworth, Jerry: Business Publishers

Ashworth, Susan: IMAS Publishing

Asker, James R.: Aviation Week

Aswad, Nadya: BNA News

Atkins, Pamela S.: BNA News

Atwood, John F.: Washington Service Bureau

Auer, Nathalie: Washington Service Bureau

August, Lissa: Time, Inc.

Aukofer, Matthew: Business Publishers

Auster, Bruce: U. S. News & World Report

Avila, Wanda: Telecommunications Reports

Ayayo, Herman P.: Tax Notes

Ayers, Carl Albert: United Communications Group

Ayoub, Nina Cary: Chronicle of Higher Education

Babbitz, Robert J.: Capitol Publications

Bachman, Kathryn: Radio Business Report

Bader, Aimee: Business Publishers

Baerson, Kevin M.: King Publications

Baez, Jessica L.: BNA News

Bailey, Charles Boileau: BNA News

Bailey, Wendy: Capitol Publications

Baisden, Harry L.: Pasha Publications

Baldassano, Vicki: BNA News

Ballard, Andrew M.: BNA News

Ballard, Peter: FDC Reports

Baldwin, Ian: U.S. News & World Report

Baratta, Lisa J.: Washington Service Bureau

Barber, Jeffrey: McGraw-Hill

Barber, Wayne: Pasha Publications

Barenti, Michael: Business Publishers

Barnard, Richard C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Barnes, David: Traffic World

Barnes, James A.: National Journal

Barnes, Julian E.: U.S. News & World Report

Barone, Michael Douglas: Reader's Digest

Barras, Jonetta R.: Washington City Paper

Barrett, Amy: Business Week

Barrett, Laurence I.: Time, Inc.

Barrett, R. Morris: Time, Inc.

Barton, Delilah P.: Thompson Publishing Group

Bass, Brad: Federal Computer Week

Bates, Jason: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Baumgarner, James D.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Beale, LaTaunja: Pasha Publications

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Becker, Bonita: Business Publishers

Beiting, Jan: CD Publications

Bell, John C.: Tax Notes

Beltran-del-rio, Pascal: Proceso

Bendavid, Naftali: Legal Times

Benedetti, Janet: BNA News

Benjamin, Mark: Inside Washington Publishers

Bennefield, Robin: U. S. News & World Report

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Bennett, Ralph: Reader's Digest

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

Berenson, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mary L.: BNA News

Bergin, Christopher: Tax Notes

Berkman, Harvey: National Law Journal

[[Page 1007]]

Berkowitz, Michael: Business Publishers

Berlau, John: Insight Magazine

Bernard, Roger D.: Futures

Bernhard, Elizabeth: Government Information Services

Bernstein, Aaron: Business Week

Bernstein, Jeremy: Inside Washington Publishers

Bertin, Lou: CMP Media Inc.

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Best, Frank M.: U. S. Medicine

Beswick, Ellen: Natural Gas Intelligence

Biemiller III, Lawrence: Chronicle of Higher Education

Billings, Deborah: BNA News

Billings, Robert: Washington Business Information

Bilson, Don: Inside Washington Publishers

Binker, Mark: CD Publications

Bird, Julie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Birnbaum, Deborah: National Journal

Birnbaum, Jeffrey H.: Time, Inc.

Blackman, Ann: Time, Inc.

Blalock, Cecelia: Periodicals News Service

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Blanke, Jean Ann: BNA News

Blazar, Ernest: Army Times Publishing Co.

Blum, Debra: Chronicle of Higher Education

Blumel, Robert R.: Reid Publishing Group

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Blumenthal, Sidney: New Yorker

Boatman, John: Jane's Information Group

Bodnar, Janet: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Bodner, Debra G.: BNA News

Boeke, Cynthia: Phillips Publishing

Bolen, Cheryl L.: BNA News

Bond, David: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Booker, Simeon S.: Jet/Ebony

Borger, Gloria: U. S. News & World Report

Borrus, Amy: Business Week

Bosarge, Betty B.: Washington Crime News Services

Botsford, Linda G.: BNA News

Botzum, Jr., John R.: Nautilus Press

Bouvet, Stephen: Capitol Publications

Bowers, Carol L.: Phillips Publishing

Bowie, Karyn S.: BNA News

Boyce, Clayton W.: Traffic World

Boyd, Jr., Ronald D.: Pace Publications

Boyer, Peter: New Yorker

Boyles, William Robert: Health Market Survey

Bradley, Ann: Education Week

Bradley, Eleanor: BNA News

Bradley, Jennifer A.: Roll Call

Brager, Mark E.: FDC Reports

Brandolph, David Barry: BNA News

Brandon, George Everette: Telecommunications Reports

Brandon, Priscilla T.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Braun, David M.: CMP Media Inc.

Braunberg, Andrew: Phillips Publishing

Brazda, Jerome F.: Crain Communications

Breda, Christina: Capitol Publications

Breeden, II, John: Government Computer News

Breslau, Karen: Newsweek

Bresnahan, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Brevetti, Rossella: BNA News

Brewin, Bob: Federal Computer Week

Breznick, Alan J.: Cable World

Brideau, Alexander W.: Pasha Publications

Brideau, Carol Ann: BNA News

Bridger, Chester T.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bridges, Jessica H.: Capitol Publications

Briley III, John A.: Food Chemical News

Brindley, David: U. S. News & World Report

Bristow, Melissa Star: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Britt, Julie Anne: Atlantic Information Services

Broderick, Brian J.: BNA News

Bronson, Richard: BNA News

Brooks, Alicia: Time Inc.

Brooks, David: Weekly Standard

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brooks, Susan S.: Research Institute of America Group

Bross, David J.: Phillips Publishing

Brostoff, Steven: National Underwriter

Brousseau, Mark A.: Phillips Publishing

Bruce, Robert C.: BNA News

Brown, Bruce David: Legal Times

Brown, Janice F.: Afro American Newspapers

Brown, Patricia: CMP Media Inc.

Browning, Graeme: National Journal

Brownlee, Shannon: U. S. News & World Report

Bruce, Robert C.: BNA News

Bruninga, Susan: BNA News

Brunori, David E.: Tax Notes

Bryant, Jane: Phillips Publishing

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Burd, Stephen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Burey, Joseph M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Burger, Timothy J.: Legal Times

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Reports

Burkholder, Randy: FDC Reports

Burlage, John D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Burleigh, Nina: Time, Inc.

Burnside, Tina: Thompson Publishing Group

Burr, Ronald E.: American Spectator

Burton, Douglas: Insight Magazine

Buskirk, Howard: Natural Gas Week

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Bykowski, Michael S.: International Medical News Group

Byrd, Randy: Pasha Publications

Cage, Mary Crystal: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cahlink, George: Inside Washington Publishers

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

[[Page 1008]]

Campbell, Kristina K.: Washington Blade

Campbell, Niles S.: BNA News

Canaday, Henry T.: Phillips Publishing

Canan, Martha M.: BNA News

Cano, Craig S.: McGraw-Hill

Canonica, Rocco: Natural Gas Intelligence

Capaccio, Anthony: King Publications

Carbine, Michael E.: Atlantic Information Services

Carey, John A.: Business Week

Carey, William: Phillips Publishing

Carlozzo, Ann Therese: BNA News

Carlson, Caron: Wireless Week

Carlson, Melissa: FDC Reports

Carlson, Tucker: Weekly Standard

Carnegie, M. D.: American Spectator

Carnevale, Ellen: Thompson Publishing Group

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal

Carney, James: Time, Inc.

Carr, Brian A.: BNA News

Carr, David: Washington City Paper

Carroll, John: Stars & Stripes

Carson, Tom: Village Voice

Cartwright, Linda A.: Green Sheets

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill

Cassell, Barry: Pasha Publications

Cassidy, William B.: Traffic World

Catanzaro, Michael J.: Human Events

Causey, James M.: Capitol Publications

Cauthen, Carey E.: Pace Publications

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Chabel, Bernard S.: BNA News

Chait, Jonathan: New Republic

Chamberlin, Siobhan B.: Thompson Publishing Group

Chapman, Claire: American Banker Newsletters

Chapman, Michael: Human Events

Chappie, Damon: Roll Call

Chase, Jeremy: FDC Reports

Chenoweth, Karin: Black Issues in Higher Education

Cherkasky, Mara: Thompson Publishing Group

Cherry, Sheila R.: CCH Inc.

Chester, David T.: Department of Education Reports

Chetwynd, Josh: U. S. News & World Report

Chibbaro, Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childs, Nathan D.: International Medical News Group

Chineson, Joel: Legal Times

Chinn, Christopher D.: FDC Reports

Chronister, Gregory M.: Education Week

Chuo, Emily: BNA News

Cislo, Maureen R.: Phillips Publishing

Clapp, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Clark, Charles S.: CQ Researcher

Clark, Colin S.: King Publications

Clark, Shelene: BNA News

Clark, Timothy B.: Government Executive

Clarke, David P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Clarke-Gomez, Irene: BNA News

Clayton, Michelle: American Banker Newsletters

Clemmitt, Marcia: Healthcare Information

Clifford, Garry: Time, Inc.

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Cline, Regina P.: BNA News

Cloud, John A.: Washington City Paper

Cobo, Lucia E.: IMAS Publishing

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cohen, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cohen, Daniel: Phillips Publishing

Cohen, Janey: BNA News

Cohen, Joshua T.: Inside Washington Publishers

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal

Coleman, Janet: FDC Reports

Coles, Adrienne D.: Education Week

Colin, Thomas J.: CQ Researcher

Collett, Camille: Journal of NIH Research

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Jr., Donald: Time, Inc.

Collogan, David L.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Combemale, Martine: Milan Presse

Compart, Andrew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Conconi, Charles N.: Washingtonian

Conlan, Michael F.: Drug Topics

Connelly, Joanne M.: Federal Computer Week

Connolly, Paul: Natural Gas Week

Conroy, Declan A.: Food Chemical News

Cook, Barbara C.: Business Travel News

Cook, William James: U. S. News & World Report

Cook, Jr., Charles E.: Cook Political Report

Cooper, Janice: Legal Times

Cooper, Mary H.: CQ Researcher

Cooper, Matthew S.: Newsweek

Cooper, Jr., William P.: Army Times Publishing

Cordes, Colleen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cordner, Christine: Inside Washington Publishers

Cordwell, Brenda: Capitol Publications

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Corn, David: Nation

Corry, John: American Spectator

Cosgrove, Anita Kelly: BNA News

Couteau, Gregory C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cowen, Ron: Science News

Cox, Bowman: Pasha Publications

Coyle, Marcia: National Law Journal

Coyne, Martin J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Crabtree, Susan J.: Insight Magazine

Craig, Darlena J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Craig, David Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Craig, Jon: Chronicle of Higher Education

Craig, Theodosia: McGraw-Hill

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawford, Mark H.: King Publications

Cristy, Sam: Washington Business Information

Crock, Stan: Business Week

Cross, Phillip S.: Public Utilities Reports

Crow, Patrick: Oil & Gas Journal

[[Page 1009]]

Crowley, Mary E.: Phillips Publishing

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Cuddihy, Kevin: Thompson Publishing Group

Cummins, Ken: Washington City Paper

Cunningham, Robert: Healthcare Information

Cusack, Robert: Inside Washington Publishers

Cushner, Kimberly C.: Thompson Publishing Group

D'Agostino, Joseph A.: Human Events

Dabaie, Michael G.: Business Publishers

Dalecki, Kenneth B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dana, Carol: Government Information Services

Daniel, Lisa: Army Times Publishing Co.

Daniels, Alex: Governing

Danitz, Tiffany: Insight Magazine

Darcey, Sue: Food Chemical News

Davidson, Mark: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Lira Behrens: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Stephen: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Beth: CMP Media Inc.

Davis, Diane: Federal Publications

Davis, Kristin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Davis, Mary M.: BNA News

Davis, Michael C.: BNA News

Davis, Paris D.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Day, Felicia: Thompson Publishing Group

DeHoff, Michael E.: Tax Notes

DeMott, Kathryn: Capitol Publications

Dean, Eddie: Washington City Paper

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

Deily, Mary-Ellen P.: Capitol Publications

Del Valle, Christina: Business Week

Della Ratta, J. Raphael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Demko, Paul: Chronicle of Higher Education

Denes, Shary: McGraw-Hill

Denny, Sharon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Dentzer, Susan: U. S. News & World Report

Dern, Adrienne: Food Chemical News

Dervarics, Charles J.: Business Publishers

Desmond, Kathryn J.: BNA News

Desruisseaux, Paul: Chronicle of Higher Education

Dettling, John Charles: Thompson Publishing Group

Dettmer, Jamie: Insight Magazine

DiPasquale, Suzanne: Inside Washington Publishers

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

Dickerson, John F.: Time, Inc.

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

Dineen, John: Green Sheets

Dizard, Wilson: McGraw-Hill

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Dolan, Michael: Washington Business Information

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Donmoyer, Ryan J.: Tax Notes

Donnelly, John M.: King Publications

Donnelly, Sally: Time, Inc.

Donoghue, James A.: Penton Publishing

Donohue, Stephen: Phillips Publishing

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill

Dordbek, Christopher J.: Telecommunications Reports

Doris, Jr., Dennis B.: Press Associates

Dougherty, Carter S.: Inside Washington Publishers

Douglass, David P.: Business Publishers

Dowd, Ann Reilly: Time, Inc.

Downes, Bob: Travel Trade

Doyle, Brian J.: Time, Inc.

Doyle, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Dozier, Damon A.: BNA News

Drew, Elizabeth: New Yorker

Driscoll, Christopher A.: Phillips Publishing

Drolte, Angela: BNA News

Drummond, Steven: Education Week

Duffy, Jennifer: Cook Political Report

Duffy, Michael: Time, Inc.

Duffy, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Duke, Robert M.: CD Publications

Duncan, Leslie A.: Green Sheets

Duncan, Michael J.: Futures

Dundjerski, Marina: Chronicle of Higher Education

Dunham, Richard S.: Business Week

Dunn, William: Research Institute of America Group

Dupont, Daniel G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Durbin, Fran: Travel Weekly

Dwyer, Paula: Business Week

Dykewicz, Paul: Phillips Publishing

Easton, Eric B.: Business Publishers

Easton, Susan: FDC Reports

Eby, William W.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Eddings, Jerelyn: U. S. News & World Report

Edwards, Charles J.: Government Information Services

Edwards, Tamala: Time, Inc.

Effron, Eric: Legal Times

Ege, Konrad: Blatter

Eggerton, John S.: Broadcasting & Cable

Eilperin, Juliet: Roll Call

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eisele, Anne: Army Times Publishing Co.

Eisele, Catherine: The Hill

Eiserer, Elaine R.: Business Publishers

Eiserer, Leonard A. C.: Business Publishers

Eisler, Kim I.: Washingtonian

Elfin, Dana A.: BNA News

Elfin, Mel: U. S. News & World Report

Eliopoulos, Phoebe A.: Atlantic Information Services

Ellingwood, Susan: New Republic

Eng, Warren K.: FDC Reports

Engdahl, Elizabeth: Legal Times

Engel, Diana: United Communications Group

Epstein, Jeffrey H.: Stars & Stripes

[[Page 1010]]

Erlich, Jeff: Army Times Publishing Co.

Esselman, Mary D.: Time, Inc.

Evangelauf, Jean: Chronicle of Higher Education

Evans, David: Phillips Publishing

Evers, Stacey: Jane's Information Group

Ewing, Laurence Lee: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ewy, Bradley J.: FDC Reports

Ezzell, Carol: Journal of NIH Research

Fabian, Thecla: Business Publishers

Fackelmann, Kathy A.: Science News

Fairley, Peter: Chemical Week

Falk, Scott R.: BNA News

Famiglietti, Len: Pasha Publications

Fanning, Odom: Internal Medicine World Report

Farmer, David W.: Roll Call

Favin, Amy: BNA News

Feazel, R. Michael: Warren Publishing

Feder, Jody: Government Information Services

Feldkamp, Robert H.: Washington Crime News Services

Feldman, William H.: LRP Publications

Felsenthal, Mark E.: BNA News

Felsher, Murray: Washington Remote Sensing Letter

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Fenwick, Carla: Washington Service Bureau

Ferguson, Andrew: Weekly Standard

Fernandez III, Robustiano: Phillips Publishing

Ferster, Warren: Army Times Publishing Co.

Festa, Elizabeth D.: American Banker Newsletters

Fickling, Amy L.: Business Research Publications

Field, David: Education Week

Field, Emily: Tax Notes

Fields, Cheryl D.: Black Issues in Higher Education

Fields, Cheryl M.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fields, Howard: Television Broadcast

Figura, Susannah Z.: Penton Publishing

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

Finnegan, Philip: Army Times Publishing Co.

Fiore, Catherine: Cancer Letter

Fischer, Craig: Pace Publications

Fischer, David B.: U. S. News & World Report

Fischer, Dean E.: Time, Inc.

Fishbein, Lawrence I.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fisher, Mary Jane: National Underwriter

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Government Information Services

Fitzpatrick, James F.: BNA News

Fleming, Heather: Broadcasting & Cable

Fletcher, Jay F.: Food Chemical News

Flint, Perry: Penton Publishing

Flippen, Charles: Phillips Publishing

Flora, Charles Whitt: Business Publishers

Florian, Jeffrey C.: BNA News

Floyd, Bianca P.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Flynn, Joan M.: BNA News

Fodor, Katherine V.: FDC Reports

Fogarty, John R.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Forror, Mark A.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Forsyth, Gordon: Traffic World

Foster, Lawrence D.: McGraw-Hill

Foster, Michael: Pasha Publications

Fotos, Christopher: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Foullon, Danielle: FDC Reports

Fourney, Susan: Government Executive

Foust, Dean: Business Week

Fowler, Shantelle: BNA News

France, Steve: LRP Publications

Frank, Allan L.: Alfa Publishing

Frank, Richard S.: National Journal

Franklin, Daniel: Economist

Freeman, Edmond B.: Inside Washington Publishers

Freer, Jennifer: Capitol Publications

French, Michael: Warren Publishing

Frick, Robert L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Frieden, Joyce: International Medical News Group

Friedly, Jock: The Hill

Friedman, Dorian R.: U. S. News & World Report

Friedman, Roger: Capitol Publications

Friel, Brian: Government Executive

Fries, Laura M.: Satellite Orbit

Fritz, Tina: Research Institute of America Group

Frost, Brendan DuBois: CCH Inc.

Fuentes, Gidget: Army Times Publishing Co.

Fukushima, Craig: Japan Digest

Fulghum, David: Aviation Week

Fulton, April E.: Inside Washington Publishers

Furlong, Vanessa E.: CQ Researcher

Gamber, Glenn: Food Chemical News

Gamble, Jennifer: Green Business Letter

Ganley, Susan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gardner, Jonathan P.: Crain Communications

Garelik, Glenn: Time, Inc.

Garfield, Bob: Crain Communications

Garland, Susan: Business Week

Garner, W. Lynn: McGraw-Hill

Garvey, Charlotte: Business Publishers

Garwin, Laura J.: Nature

Gasparello, Linda Ann: King Publications

Gatty, Mary Ann: Periodicals News Service

Gatty, Robert C.: Periodicals News Service

Gearey, Robyn: New Republic

Gearon, Christopher: Atlantic Information Services

Geimann, Stephen J.: Warren Publishing

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geisel, Roseanne W.: Crain Communications

Geraghty, Mary Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gerwig, Kate: CMP Media Inc.

Gest, Ted: U. S. News & World Report

Gibb, Steven K.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gifford, Court: BNA News

Gillooly, Brian: CMP Media Inc.

Gilston, Samuel M.: Gilston Communications Group

Ginburg, Yana: Jane's Information Group

Ginsbach, Pam D.: BNA News

Gizzi, John: Human Events

Glaser, Vera: Washingtonian

[[Page 1011]]

Glass, Michelle A.: BNA News

Glass, Stephen: New Republic

Glasser, Susan B.: Roll Call

Glastris, Paul: U. S. News & World Report

Gleason, Brenda L.: CD Publications

Gleckman, Howard: Business Week

Glenn, Heidi: Tax Notes

Glick, Eric: Cable World

Godfrey, John: Tax Notes

Goebes, Bob: BNA News

Goeller, David: Business Publishers

Gold, Leslie J.: BNA News

Goldberg, Kirsten: Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Paul: Cancer Letter

Goldman, Ted: Legal Times

Goldwasser, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Golle, Vince: Futures

Golub, Barbra: Research Institute of America Group

Goode, Stephen Ray: Insight Magazine

Goodfellow, Betsy: FDC Reports

Goodgame, Dan: Time, Inc.

Goodman, Jr., Glenn W.: Armed Forces Journal

Goodwin, Anne B.: BNA News

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gose, Ben: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gottlick, Jerry: U. S. Medicine

Gough, Bob: Capitol Publications

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Graham, Oswald G.: Tax Notes

Grandon, Ronald E.: Green Sheets

Grano, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Graves, Desiree Allen: Afro American Newspapers

Gray, Christoher E.: FDC Reports

Gray, Susan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Graziano, Sandra: Education Week

Grebb, Michael B.: Telecommunications Reports

Greczyn, Mary: Crain Communications

Greenberg, Daniel S.: Science & Government Report

Greene, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

Gregory, Erin E.: Satellite Orbit

Griffith, Ellen B.: Washington G-2 Reports

Griffith, Joan H.: BNA News

Grimm, Vanessa Jo: Government Computer News

Grodnitzky, Steven: Tax Notes

Groner, Jonathan: Legal Times

Grossman, Elaine M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gruber, Peter: Focus

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Grupe, Bob: Business Publishers

Guernsey, Lisa: Chronicle of Higher Education

Haar, Audrey: Pasha Publications

Hadley, Richard D.: United Communications Group

Hagan, Richard: Washington Business Information

Hager, Mary: Newsweek

Haglund, Keith: Journal of NIH Research

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal

Hall, Andrea L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hall, Holly: Chronicle of Higher Education

Halmos, Jr., E.E.: Concrete Products

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Hamelburg, Jamie Kent: Federal Publications

Hamilton, Amy: Tax Notes

Hammond, Brian: Telecommunications Reports

Haniffa, Abdul Aziz: India Abroad

Hannifin, Jerry: Time, Inc.

Hanna, Christina N.: BNA News

Hanson, Christine M.: Federal Publications

Harbrecht, Douglas A.: Business Week

Hardy, Virginia L.: National Journal

Harkness, Peter A.: Governing

Harman, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Harp, Lonnie: Education Week

Harper, Steven R.: Capitol Publications

Harreld, Heather: Federal Computer Week

Harrelson, Robert: Inside Washington Publishers

Harrington, Christine: FDC Reports

Harrington, Timothy P.: FDC Reports

Harris, Christy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Harris, Donna L.: Crain Communications

Harris-Aikens, Donna: BNA News

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Hart, Kathleen: McGraw-Hill

Harwood, Margaret C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Haseley, Donna: Inside Washington Publishers

Hatch, Andrea: Inside Washington Publishers

Hatch, David M.: Crain Communications

Haugerud, Howard E.: Stars & Stripes

Hawkins, Bernadette D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Haworth, Karla: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hayden, Kathleen J.: Time, Inc.

Hayes, Lisa L.: Government Information Services

Haywood, Richette L.: Jet/Ebony

Hazelwood, Ed: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Healy, Patrick D.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hearn, Edward T.: Multichannel News

Hedges, Stephen J.: U. S. News & World Report

Heilbrunn, Jacob: New Republic

Heilemann, John: HotWired/Wired

Heinze, Cathy: FDC Reports

Helms, Margaret: Insight Magazine

Henderer, Rhodes: Research Institute of America Group

Henderson, Sheryl: American Spectator

Hendricks, Evan: Privacy Times

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Henning, Jonathan: Defense Focus

Henry, Ed: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Henry, Edward M.: Roll Call

Henry, Shannon: TechNews

Herman, Edith: Warren Publishing

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Heronema, Jennifer S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Herzberger, Beth: Pasha Publications

[[Page 1012]]

Hess, Glenn H.: Chemical Marketing Reporter

Hess, Pamela Rae: Inside Washington Publishers

Hetter, Katia: U. S. News & World Report

Hickey, Jennifer: Insight Magazine

Hickman, Enith: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hicks, Darryl R.: National Mortgage News

Higgins, John: McGraw-Hill

Hill, Eleanor S.: Pratt's Letter

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hillebrand, Mary: Satellite Business News

Hillgren, Sonja: Farm Journal

Himali, Ursula: BNA News

Hinkle, Elizabeth T.: Washington Business Information

Hirani, Sindhu G.: BNA News

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill

Hitchens, Theresa: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hoar, William: CD Publications

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hobbs, Susan: BNA News

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Donald: Government Information Services

Hoffman, Shirlee Gaines: Newsweek

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Hofmeister, Elizabeth W.: BNA News

Hogan, Kevin J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hogan, Rick: Natural Gas Week

Hoges, Clemens: Der Spiegel

Hogue, Cheryl: BNA News

Holland, Max: Nation

Holloway, Nigel R.: Far Eastern Economic Review

Holly, Christopher P.: McGraw-Hill

Holly, Daniel C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Holm, Erik W.: King Publications

Holmes, Allan T.: Federal Computer Week

Holmes, Jeremy R.: BNA News

Holmes, Strawn T.: BNA News

Holzer, Robert D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hopkin, Karen: Journal of NIH Research

Hopps, Michael: Pasha Publications

Horrock, Nicholas M.: U. S. News & World Report

Horton, Brendan: Nature

Hosenball, Mark: Newsweek

Hotta, Yoshio: Yomiuri America

Howell, Arnesa A.: BNA News

Hubbard, Catherine: Federal Employees News Digest

Hudak, Ronald A.: Phillips Publishing

Hudelson, Dale: Career Pathways Report

Hudson, Neff Karl: Army Times Publishing Co.

Huffer, Karen S.: Phillips Publishing

Huffman, Jason: United Communications Group

Hughes, Janice: Inside Washington Publishers

Hughes, Ken: LRP Publications

Hughes, Siobhan E.: Institutional Investor

Hughes, Jr., John D.: Aviation Week

Hull, Stephen A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hume, Sandy: The Hill

Hunt, Alicia: Warren Publishing

Hunter, Bridget A.: BNA News

Hutnyan, Joseph D.: McGraw-Hill

Hyneman, Roger T.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ichniowski, Thomas F.: McGraw-Hill

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Idelson, George: Consumer Affairs Letter

Iekel, John F.: Tax Notes

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Ito, Timothy M.: U. S. News & World Report

Ivins, Steven D.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iyengar, Sunil: FDC Reports

Jackson, Nicole L.: Phillips Publishing

Jackson, Sara Waldrop: United Communications Group

Jakson, Seth V.: Government Information Services

Jackson, Valarie N.: Business Publishers

Jackson, William K.: Government Computer News

Jacobson, Ken: King Publications

Jacobson, Linda: Education Week

Jacobson, Louis: National Journal

Jaffe, Harry S.: Washingtonian

Jakubowicz, Peter: Business Publishers

Jaschik, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

Javers, Eamon: The Hill

Jeffrey, Terence P.: Human Events

Jenkins, Gwendolyn: CCH Inc.

Jenkins, Jr., Kent: U. S. News & World Report

Jennings, Charles: Nature

Jessell, Harry A.: Broadcasting & Cable

Johnson, Carrie: Legal Times

Johnson, Jennifer: Army Times Publishing Co.

Johnson, Wendy: Washington Blade

Johnston, Robert C.: Education Week

Jones, Arthur: National Catholic Reporter

Jones, Christopher P.: Washington Blade

Jones, David: Business Publishers

Jones, David R.: Thompson Publishing Group

Jones, Heather C.: Feedstuffs

Jones, Helen: BNA News

Jones, Ian: Business Research Publications

Jones, James: Inside Washington Publishers

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, Rochelle: Time, Inc.

Jordan, Anne: Governing

Jordan, Brian D.: McGraw-Hill

Jordan, Melody A.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Jordan, Meredith: Phillips Publishing

Jose, Andy: Phillips Publishing

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Judge, Mark: Insight Magazine

Judis, John: New Republic

Kalms, Jennifer L.: BNA News

Kalomiris, Paul: CD Publications

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

Karam, Samir F.: Al-Kifah Al-Arabi

Karony, Krista L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

[[Page 1013]]

Kasperowicz, Peter I.: Inside Washington Publishers

Kass, Marcia B.: BNA News

Kassabian, Gloria B.: Business Week

Katz, Jennifer L.: CD Publications

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kaut, David P.: BNA News

Kavanagh, Susan: Washington Service Bureau

Kavruck, Angela: Washington Counseletter

Kavruck, Samuel: Washington Counseletter

Kay, Marcia: Washington Jewish Week

Keane, Karol Anne: National Journal

Keen, Lisa Melinda: Washington Blade

Kelleher, Elizabeth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Keller, Amy M.: Roll Call

Keller, Bess: Education Week

Kelly, Michael: New Republic

Kennedy, Hugh John: Washington Service Bureau

Kennedy, James H.: BNA News

Kennedy, Joan: Food Chemical News

Kent, Christina: Physician's Weekly

Kenyon, Henry S.: Capitol Publications

Kernus, Susan Mary: Washington Crime News Services

Kessler, Elaine: BNA News

Khan, Altaf: BNA News

Kidney, Stephen C.: King Publications

Kiernan, Vincent: New Scientist

Kiesner, Jack: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kilgore, Christine: International Medical News Group

King, Leslie: BNA News

King, Wendy: Time, Inc.

Kinnander, Ola: Phillips Publishing

Kiplinger, Austin H.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kirkland, John Robert: BNA News

Kirschten, Joseph D.: National Journal

Kitfield, James: National Journal

Kittross, David: CD Publications

Klaidman, Daniel: Newsweek

Kleiner, Henry E.: Business Publishers

Kleiner, Kurt: New Scientist

Kline, Jerry Lee: Thompson Publishing Group

Klintberg, Patricia Peak: Farm Journal

Klyce, Juli: Phillips Publishing

Knapik, Michael: McGraw-Hill

Knebl, Charles: Business Publishers

Koenig, David L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Koerner, Brendan I.: U. S. News & World Report

Koffler, Keith F.: Inside Washington Publishers

Kondracke, Morton M.: Roll Call

Koppenheffer, Michael: FDC Reports

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal

Kostreski, Farah: International Medical News Group

Kramer, David F.: McGraw-Hill

Kramer, Linda: Time, Inc.

Kranish, Arthur: Trends Publishing

Krasnow, Jay D.: CD Publications

Krause, Kristin S.: Traffic World

Krehbiel, Gregory A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Kreindler, Anthony L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Kriz, Margaret E.: National Journal

Kubetin, Randy: BNA News

Kuckro, Rod: Business Research Publications

Kuhn, Mark: CD Publications

Kulman, Linda: U. S. News & World Report

Kunz, Clayton: Phillips Publishing

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

Labash, Matt: Weekly Standard

Lackey, Sue: Thoroughbred Times

Ladov, Mark: FDC Reports

Laing II, Eric: Phillips Publishing

Lake, Eli: Inside Washington Publishers

Lally, Rosemarie: Thompson Publishing Group

Lamoreaux, Denise Anne: Thompson Publishing Group

Landry, Catherine: McGraw-Hill

Lange, Anne M.: BNA News

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Lankler, Stephen C.: BNA News

Lardner, Richard: Inside Washington Publishers

Larsen, Kathy Carolin: McGraw-Hill

Lash, Steve: Business Publishers

Late, Michele: U. S. Medicine

Laurent, Anne: Government Executive

Lavelle, Marianne: National Law Journal

Lawson, Chris L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lawton, Millicent: Education Week

Lawyer, Gail J.: McGraw-Hill

Leatherman, Courtney: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lebamoff, Craig C.: CCH Inc.

Lederman, Douglas J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lee, Bryan: McGraw-Hill

Lee, Christine: FDC Reports

Leeuwenburgh, Todd: Business Publishers

Leiser, Roland: Association Meetings

Lenihan, Mary Anne: Federal Publications

Leopold, George: CMP Media Inc.

Leske, Gisela: Der Spiegel

Lester, Marianne: Army Times Publishing Co.

Levey, Amy: Inside Washington Publishers

Levine, Daniel R.: Reader's Digest

Lewin, David I.: Journal of NIH Research

Lewis, John J.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Lewis, Jr., Arnold: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Lief, Louise Joy: U. S. News & World Report

Lightner, Susan: BNA News

Lilly, Stuart: Capitol Publications

Limbacher, Patricia B.: Crain Communications

Limprecht, Jane: BNA News

Lin, Alvin C.: Government Information Services

Linstromberg, Kathryn D.: BNA News

[[Page 1014]]

Lipold, Annmarie Geddes: BNA News

Lipowicz, Alice M.: Crain Communications

Liston, Mary S.: Pasha Publications

Liu, Melinda: Newsweek

Lively, Kit: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lo, Catharine: HotWired/Wired

Lobred, Peter T.: Capitol Publications

Lockett, Brian A.: BNA News

Loeb, Penny: U. S. News & World Report

Logan, Christopher P.: Pasha Publications

Logan, Patricia A.: BNA News

Lopez, Ramon L.: Airline Business

Lord, Mary C.: U. S. News & World Report

Lovece, Joseph: Military Robotics

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill

Lowe, Paul: Aviation International News

Lowry, Rich: National Review

Lowther, William A.: Mail on Sunday

Lucas, Jennifer B.: BNA News

Lucht, Peter: Telecommunications Reports

Lucini, Elena L.: Warren Publishing

Lumb, Jacquelyn: Washington Service Bureau

Lustig, Michael: Pasha Publications

Lynch, Kerry: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Lyons II, Louis M.: Tax Notes

Lytel, Jayne: Institutional Investor

MacKeil, Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

MacMillan, Robert: Business Research Publications

Mace, Don: Federal Employees News Digest

Macilwain, Colin: Nature

Macko, Carole L.: BNA News

Maggrett, Richard: Stars & Stripes

Magin, Elizabeth: Tax Notes

Magner, Denise K.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Magner, Sarah M.: CQ Researcher

Magnusson, Paul: Business Week

Maguire, Miles: American Banker Newsletters

Mahone, Maria E.: BNA News

Mahoney, Fabia H.: BNA News

Mahtesian, Charles: Governing

Maier, Timothy: Insight Magazine

Makower, Joel: Green Business Letter

Mallaby, Sebastian: Economist

Malloy, Eileen: BNA News

Malone, Bernadette: Phillips Publishing

Maloney, Ann Marie: CCH Inc.

Mann, Paul S.: Aviation Week

Manning, Suzanne Elam: BNA News

Manning, Robert F.: Tax Notes

Mannix, Margaret: U. S. News & World Report

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Margolis, Judith E.: BNA News

Mariani, Patricia: Federal Publications

Markley, Theresa Lynn: Research Institute of America Group

Marquardt, Amy: Pasha Publications

Martin, Juliann A.: Tax Notes

Martinez, Luis: BNA News

Marton, Andrew: Time, Inc.

Marvin, Theresa: LRP Publications

Marzec, Colleen: Washington Blade

Mason, Victoria Ann: Telecommunications Reports

Massey, Barton C.: Tax Notes

Masud, Sam: CMP Media Inc.

Mathews, Jim: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Mathur, Vandana: BNA News

Matta, L. Mathew: Investment Dealer's Digest

Matthews, Gary: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Matthews, Martha A.: BNA News

Matthews, Sidney William: Army Times Publishing Co.

Matusow, Barbara: Washingtonian

Maurer, Katherine: International Medical News Group

Mayer, Jane: New Yorker

Mayer, Merry A.: Pasha Publications

Maynard, Nigel F.: Inside Washington Publishers

Maze, Kristina L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

McAllister, Jef: Time, Inc.

McAvoy, Kim: Broadcasting & Cable

McBeth, Karen: McGraw-Hill

McCaffery, Richard W.: Army Times Publishing Co.

McCarter, Chris: Phillips Publishing

McCaughan, Michael: FDC Reports

McClain, Jr., Wallis E.: BNA News

McCleary, Hunter: King Publications

McClenahen, John: Penton Publishing

McCollum, Kelly: Chronicle of Higher Education

McConnell, Beth: Pasha Publications

McConnell, Chris: Broadcasting & Cable

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing News

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McCullagh, Declan: Time, Inc.

McDaniel, Ann L.: Newsweek

McDermon, Velma Goodwine: Research Institute of America Group

McDonald, Kim A.: Chronicle of Higher Education

McDonell, Brendan: Food Chemical News

McDonough, Edward J.: Atlantic Information Services

McDonough, James: EPIN Publishing

McElroy, Alex: BNA News

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McGowan, Kevin P.: BNA News

McGuire, David: Capitol Publications

McGuire, Justin: Capitol Publications

McHugh, Jane Claire: Army Times Publishing Co.

McInerney, Susan: BNA News

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McIntyre, Kellie M.: Phillips Publishing

McKee, Jane: Roll Call

McKenna III, E. John: FDC Reports

McLane, Paul J.: IMAS Publishing

[[Page 1015]]

McLoone, Sharon A.: Business Research Publications

McMahill, Rosemary J.: Capitol Publications

McMeen, Albert: BNA News

McNamee, Michael D.: Business Week

McShea, Mary G.: Federal Publications

McTague, James: Barron's

McVeigh, Matthew D.: Washington Service Bureau

McVicker, William: Recall

McWilliams, Charlyne: Inside Mortgage Finance

Mead, Holly: FDC Reports

Means, Howard B.: Washingtonian

Mechcatie, Elizabeth: International Medical News Group

Meiselman, Ira: Andrews Communications

Melamed, Dennis: Washington Business Information

Mencimer, Stephanie: Washington City Paper

Mendelsohn, Jennifer: Time Inc.

Mercer, Joye: Chronicle of Higher Education

Mercurio, John: Roll Call

Merrick, Matthew J.: Washington Service Bureau

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Messmer, Ellen: IDG Communications

Messmer, Jack L.: Radio Business Report

Methvin, Eugene H.: Reader's Digest

Meyer, Jennifer S.: BNA News

Meyers, Beth: Washington Information Source

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call

Michels, Jennifer: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Middleton, Amy C.: Research Institute of America Group

Millar, Bruce: McGraw-Hill

Miller, Dorothy G.: HLB Newsletter

Miller, Julie A.: Government Information Services

Miller, Mark Karl: Broadcasting & Cable

Miller, Michael S.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Miller, Mishelle C.: Thompson Publishing Group

Miller, Reed: Phillips Publishing

Miller, Walter K.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Miller, William H.: Penton Publishing

Minton-Beddoes, Zanny: Economist

Mitchell, Joyce L.: Capitol Publications

Mjoseth, Jeannine: BNA News

Mjoseth, Marcia: BNA News

Mlawsky, David: Atlantic Information Services

Moffett, Anne: Time, Inc.

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Mollins, Carl W.: Maclean's

Monaco, Monta: Phillips Publishing

Monastersky, Richard: Science News

Moncrief, JoAnne: National Journal

Monroe, Henrietta: Business Publishers

Monroe, John: Federal Computer Week

Montgomery, Heather S.: Phillips Publishing

Montuori, Donald P.: Thompson Publishing Group

Montwieler, Nancy: BNA News

Mooney, Carolyn: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moore, James Gerry: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Moore, Jennifer L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moore, John: Federal Computer Week

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moore, Pamela Susan: Capitol Publications

Moore, Thomas H.: Time, Inc.

Moore, W. John: National Journal

Moorefield, Kesha: Inside Washington Publishers

Moorman, Robert: Penton Publishing

Moorstein, Gail: BNA News

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morgan, Elizabeth Ann: BNA News

Morgan, Joan: Black Issues in Higher Education

Morring, Jr., Frank: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Morris, Jodie: National Journal

Morris, Sheryl: McGraw-Hill

Morris, Walter: FDC Reports

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morton, Peter: Financial Post

Moskowitz, Daniel: Healthcare Information

Mosquera, Mary: BNA News

Moulier, Philippe: U. S. News & World Report

Moulton, Gwen: BNA News

Mower, Bernard H.: BNA News

Mower, Jeff: McGraw-Hill

Mudd, Mary B.: Capitol Publications

Mulholland, David D.: King Publications

Mundy, Alicia: Washingtonian

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munro, Neil P.: TechNews

Muolo, Paul: National Mortgage News

Murphy, Joan: Food Chemical News

Murphy II, Frances L.: Afro American Newspapers

Murray, Bill: Government Computer News

Murray, Joan K.: Bill Communications

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Muth, Katherine P.: Pasha Publications

Mytelka, Andrew C.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Naasz, Kurt D.: BNA News

Nail, Dawson B.: Warren Publishing

Nance, Scott: Phillips Publishing

Nather, David: BNA News

Naughton, James F.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nelan, Bruce W.: Time, Inc.

Nelms, Douglas: Penton Publishing

Nelson, Barbara E.: BNA News

Nelson, Scott Bernard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Nelson, Susan K.: Countertrade & Offset

Neuben, Stephanie: Warren Publishing

Neumayr, George: American Spectator

Nevin, Tonya M.: United Communications Group

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill

Newman, Leigh Ann: Capitol Publications

Newman, Richard J.: U. S. News & World Report

Nicholson, Carol: FDC Reports

Nicklin, Julie L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Nicolaysen, Lisa: Warren Publishing

[[Page 1016]]

Nidecker, Anna: International Medical News Group

Niedowski, Erika: The Hill

Nobel, Carmen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nobile, Caitlin: Time, Inc.

Nordwall, Bruce D.: Aviation Week

North, David M.: Aviation Week

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Novak, Viveca: Time, Inc.

Novotny, Andrea: Food Chemical News

Nowak, Rachel: New Scientist

Nutting, Rex: CMP Media Inc.

O'Beirne, Kate Walsh: National Review

O'Brien, Sean M.: Tax Notes

O'Connell, Brian R.: Washington Blade

O'Connell, Richard J.: Washington Crime News Services

O'Connell, Jr., Richard J.: Washington Crime News Services

O'Connor, Sheilah: Inside Mortgage Finance

O'Hara, Cindy: McGraw-Hill

O'Hara, Colleen M.: Federal Computer Week

O'Rourke, Kerry: Phillips Publishing

O'Toole, Thomas: BNA News

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Oberle, Sean: Washington Business Information

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Ogden, Christopher: Time, Inc.

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Olson, Catherine: Business Research Publications

Olson, Lynn: Education Week

Omberg, Cynthia S.: BNA News

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Opall, Barbara: Army Times Publishing Co.

Oppenheimer, Mark: New Yorker

Orleans, Anne: Washington New Observer

Orletsky, Heather: Phillips Publishing

Ortman, John: Thompson Publishing Group

Osuna, Juan P.: Federal Publications

Otteman, Scott A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Owens, Anthony: BNA News

Owens, Christopher: Thompson Publishing Group

Page, Paul: Traffic World

Pak, Janne Kum Cha: USA Journal

Pappalardo, Denise: IDG Communications

Parezo, Steve: Natural Gas Week

Parisi, Gretchen: Thompson Publishing Group

Parisien, Lia: Inside Washington Publishers

Park, Scott: American Banker Newsletters

Parker, Liz: Education Week

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parrish, Molly R.: Pace Publications

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Pate, James L.: Soldier of Fortune

Patterson, Kristin: Army Times Publishing Co.

Paulson, William Clifford: FDC Reports

Pearcey, J. Richard: Human Events

Peck, Michael: United Communications Group

Pejman, Payman: Government Computer News

Pekow, Charles: United Communications Group

Pena, Annette: CD Publications

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Persinos, John: Phillips Publishing

Peters, Katherine M.: Government Executive

Petersen, Tina: McGraw-Hill

Peterson, Donna M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Peterson, Mark A.: Stars & Stripes

Petrillo, Matthew C.: Telecommunications Reports

Petrush, Liza: McGraw-Hill

Pexton, Patrick B.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Phibbs, Pat: Food Chemical News

Phillips, Andrew: Maclean's

Phillips, Edward H.: Aviation Week

Phillips, Susan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Piemonte, Philip M.: Capitol Publications

Pierce, Berinthia: Insight Magazine

Pilson, Karen E.: BNA News

Pimley, D. Ward: BNA News

Pleszczynski, Wladyslaw: American Spectator

Podesta, Jane: Time, Inc.

Polen, Danielle M.: Federal Publications

Pollack, Kenan: U. S. News & World Report

Polster, Nathaniel: HLB Newsletter

Pomponio, Angela: Pasha Publications

Pond, Stanley S.: BNA News

Ponessa, Jeanne: Education Week

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Ponzani, Licia M.: Thompson Publishing Group

Porado, Philip: CD Publications

Porter, Amy: BNA News

Portner, Jessica: Education Week

Postal, Arthur D.: American Banker Newsletters

Porteons, Holly: Inside Washington Publishers

Pound, Edward T.: U. S. News & World Report

Power, Kevin J.: Government Computer News

Power, Maureen J.: Tax Notes

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Powers, William: New Republic

Prah, Pamela M.: BNA News

Price, Elizabeth: Futures

Prothero, P. Mitchell: Inside Washington Publishers

Pryde, Joan A.: BNA News

Pullen, Cynthia: Tax Notes

Pulley, John L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Quindlen, Terrey: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rabb, Charles: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Reports

Rafferty, William: Newsweek

Rainie III, Harrison M.: U. S. News & World Report

Rains, Lon L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Raloff, Janet Ann: Science News

Ramos, Betty J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ramstack, Thomas Phillip: Business Publishers

Rand, Kelly L.: CD Publications

Randolph, Laura Beth: Jet/Ebony

Rankin, Ken: Lebhar-Friedman Publications

[[Page 1017]]

Rash, Jr., Wayne: CMP Media Inc.

Rast, Reynolds R.: Traffic World

Rathbun, Elizabeth: Broadcasting & Cable

Rausch, Howard: Photonics Spectra

Rawson, Kathleen E.: FDC Reports

Razzi, Elizabeth A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Reagan, Beth: Thompson Publishing Group

Reagen, Erin: Washington Focus Newsletter

Rebora, Anthony: Research Institute of America Group

Reddy, Tarun: Business Publishers

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Rees, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Reeves, M. Sandra: Education Week

Regan, Mary Beth: Business Week

Reichard, John: Healthcare Information

Reid, Kenneth: Washington Information Source

Reinhard, Beth: Education Week

Reinhard, William: Capitol Publications

Reisner, Hiram: Business Research Publications

Reistrup, John V.: JR Publishing

Rendleman, John R.: CMP Media Inc.

Reuter, William P.: FTC Watch

Rhea, Maureen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rheault, Magali: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Richardson, Martha: FDC Reports

Richman, Sheldon B.: BNA News

Ridgeway, James: Village Voice

Riggs, Manda P.: BNA News

Riley, Michael: Time, Inc.

Ripley, Amanda: Washington City Paper

Rivenbark, Leigh: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rizer, Steven: Alfa Publishing

Robb, David W.: Phillips Publishing

Robelen, Erik W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Roberson, Peter: Institutional Investor

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Robertson, Jack W.: CMP Media Inc.

Robins, Andrew M.: FDC Reports

Robinson, Paulette J.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Robinson, Thomas S.: Federal News Services

Robinson, Tod: BNA News

Rockelli, Lisa M.: BNA News

Rocker, Jason: CD Publications

Rockwell, Mark: CMP Media Inc.

Rodgers, Lori M.: Public Utilities Reports

Rodriguez, Eva: Legal Times

Rodriguez, Paul M.: Insight Magazine

Roeder, Linda: Business Publishers

Rogers, James O.: Inside Washington Publishers

Rogers, Warren: Associated Features

Roha, Ronaleen: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rohde, David: IDG Communications

Rollin, Sara Thurin: BNA News

Rombel, Adam J.: Institutional Investor

Ronningen, Judith A.: United Communications Group

Roos, John G.: Armed Forces Journal

Roosa, Dana: Research Institute of America Group

Roosevelt, Ann: Pasha Publications

Rosche, Christopher: Green Sheets

Rose, Lois C.: BNA News

Rosen, Jeffrey: New Republic

Rosen, Stephanie: American Banker Newsletters

Rosin, Hanna: New Republic

Ross, Houkje: Business Publishers

Ross, Patrick C.: Warren Publishing

Ross, Robert S.: Tax Notes

Roth, Siobhan: Legal Times

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Ruark, Jennifer K.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Rubin, Amy Magaro: Chronicle of Higher Education

Rubin, Paul: McGraw-Hill

Ruffins, Paul: Black Issues in Higher Education

Ruscus, Margaret C.: FDC Reports

Rushford, Greg: Rushford Report

Rusnak, Jr., Andrew: Exchange Monitor Publications

Rust, Michael: Insight Magazine

Ryan, Margaret L.: McGraw-Hill

Ryan, Yvonne: Economist

Ryskind, Allan H.: Human Events

Sachs, Adam G.: Atlantic Information Services

Sack, Joetta L.: Education Week

Saenz, Cheryl: BNA News

Sala, Susan J.: BNA News

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Samuelson, Robert: Newsweek

Sandham, Jessica L.: Education Week

Santa Rita, Michael: Inside Washington Publishers

Sarasohn, Judy: Legal Times

Sarkis, Karen M.: Institutional Investor

Sarkis, Paul A.: BNA News

Satchell, Michael John: U. S. News & World Report

Sayre, David A.: BNA News

Scarbeck, Kathleen M.: International Medical News Group

Scarlett, Thomas: BNA News

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schlesinger, Robert E.K.: The Hill

Schlesinger, Jr., James R.: King Publications

Schmidt, Peter G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schmidt, Robert: Legal Times

Schnaiberg, Lynn R.: Education Week

Schneider, Alison: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schoenberg, Tom: Legal Times

Schomisch, Jeffrey W.: Pasha Publications

Schorr, Burt: United Communications Group

Schroeder, Michael: Business Week

Schrof, Joannie Marie: U. S. News & World Report

Schuerholz, Katherine: Phillips Publishing

Schuette, Paul A.: Food Chemical News

Schuff, Sally: Agri-Pulse

Schuler, Jr., Joseph F.: Public Utilities Reports

Schulhof, Marc L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schultz, Stacey: FDC Reports

[[Page 1018]]

Schulz, John D.: Traffic World

Schulz, William: Reader's Digest

Schwalm, Steve: Human Events

Schwartz, Christopher A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Schweizer III, Roman G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Scorza, John Forrest: CCH Inc.

Scott, Dean T.: BNA News

Sedgwick, Theodore: Pasha Publications

Seffers, George: Army Times Publishing Co.

Seidenberg, John: Credit Management and Marketplace News

Seitz, Patrick J.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Sellinger, Margery B.: Time, Inc.

Seng, Neang: Time, Inc.

Seng, Vornida: Time, Inc.

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal

Sergeon, Janet L.: BNA News

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shackelford, Lucy: Newsweek

Shah, Sachin: Phillips Publishing

Shalit, Ruth: New Republic

Shannon, Elaine: Time, Inc.

Shapiro, Elizabeth T.: United Communications Group

Shapiro, Joseph P.: U. S. News & World Report

Shapiro, Michael: Washington Jewish Week

Shay, Lee Ann: Phillips Publishing

Shea, Christopher: Chronicle of Higher Education

Shea, Erich: Business Publishers

Shea, Richard L.: Federal Publications

Shear, Jeffrey: National Journal

Sheffner, Benjamin S.: Roll Call

Shenk, Joshua: U. S. News & World Report

Shepherd, Rachel E.: FDC Reports

Sherfy, Elizabeth Jean: Thompson Publishing Group

Sherman, Jason: Armed Forces Journal

Sherrod, Lawrence: Thompson Publishing Group

Shesgreen, Deirdre: Legal Times

Shifrin, Carole A.: Aviation Week

Shin, Annys: National Journal

Shoop, Thomas J.: Government Executive

Shread, Paul: Food Chemical News

Shute, Nancy: U.S. News & World Report

Sibley, Martin C.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Sidey, Hugh S.: Time, Inc.

Sietzen, Frank: Pasha Publications

Silva, Jeffrey S.: Crain Communications

Silverberg, David: The Hill

Silverman, Bridget L.: FDC Reports

Silverman, Jennifer: BNA News

Silverstein, Sam: Phillips Publishing

Silverstone, Ken: Business Publishers

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal

Simmon, Christine M.: Thompson Publishing Group

Simmons, Ann: Time, Inc.

Simmons, Lise M.: BNA News

Simmons, Nancy F.: BNA News

Singer, Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Skilling, Kenneth H.: BNA News

Skolnik, Sam: Legal Times

Skovron, James W.: BNA News

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Slee, Kendall Lynn: Export Today

Slevin, Joseph R.: Washington Bond Report

Small, John R.: BNA News

Smith, Darlene W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Smith, Ellen: Legal Publication Services

Smith, John Allen: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, Leigh: Inside Washington Publishers

Smith, Marc Osgoode: Cablevision

Smith, Marcy L.: Workforce Development Resource

Smith, Paul: McGraw-Hill

Smith, Priscilla: Food Chemical News

Smith, Roger P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Smith, Stephen G.: National Journal

Smith, Van: Baltimore City Paper

Smouse, James S.: Investment Dealer's Digest

Snyder, Anne M.: LRP Publications

Snyder, Jim: Inside Washington Publishers

Sobel, Lindsay: The Hill

Sobie, Brendan: Inside Washington Publishers

Socha, Evamarie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Solomon, Burton R.: National Journal

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Souter, Ericka J.: Time, Inc.

Spangler, Matthew: IMAS Publishing

Speaker, Scott C.: Natural Gas Week

Spears, LaWanza: Afro American Newspapers

Speights, Michael David: Business Publishers

Spence, Charles F.: General Aviation News

Spencer, Patricia S.: BNA News

Spencer, Sarah E.: Business Publishers

Spiegel, Peter: Forbes

Spock, Mary E.: United Communications Group

Spofford, John E.: Phillips Publishing

Sprague, Dean: Budget & Program

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

Srodes, James L.: World Trade

St. John, Eric: Black Issues in Higher Education

Staats, Craig: Time, Inc.

Stabile, Thomas J.: Washington City Paper

Stahl, David: Microbanker

Stahl, Stephanie: CMP Media Inc.

Stainburn, Samantha: Government Executive

Standeford, Dugie: Inside Washington Publishers

Stanfield, Jeffrey E.: Pasha Publications

Stanfield, Rochelle L.: National Journal

Stanglin, Douglas: U. S. News & World Report

Stanley, Scott: Insight Magazine

Stanton, John Roberts: Inside Washington Publishers

Stanton, Lynn E.: Telecommunications Reports

Staples, Edward: Investment Dealers Digest

Starobin, Paul: National Journal

[[Page 1019]]

Starr, Barbara: Jane's Information Group

Starr, Beth: BNA News

Staunton, Jr., John P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Stawick, Susan K.: Futures

Steele, Zaira: Steele Communications

Stehle, Vincent W.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Steinberg, Julie: BNA News

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Stellfox, David: McGraw-Hill

Stemler, David McF.: Pratt's Letter

Stencel, Sandra: CQ Researcher

Stevens, Cindy: Phillips Publishing

Stevenson, Jim: Phillips Publishing

Stewart, William H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stimmel, Katherine M.: BNA News

Stimson, James A.: BNA News

Stimson, Leslie P.: Radio Business Report

Stivers, Rebekah L.: Capitol Publications

Stoddard, A. B.: The Hill

Stoffer, Harry: Crain Communications

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stoler, Judith: Time, Inc.

Stoll, Ira E.: Forward

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal

Stover, Stacy: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Stowell, Alan M.: BNA News

Stratton, Sheryl: Tax Notes

Striano, Elizabeth: Public Utilities Reports

Strosnider, Kim: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sturges, Peyton M.: BNA News

Sullivan, Carl: American Banker Newsletters

Sullivan, John H.: BNA News

Sullivan, Mark Eugene: Washington Blade

Sullivan, Martin A.: Tax Notes

Sullivan, Sean D.: Pasha Publications

Sunderland, Kim: Telecommunications Reports

Supervielle, Ana Baron: Editorial Atlantida

Sutton, Eileen C.: BNA News

Swanson, Kathlene C.: National Journal

Sweeney, Terry: CMP Media Inc.

Swit, David: Washington Business Information

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Taft, Darryl: CMP Media Inc.

Talbot, Jill S.: Thompson Publishing Group

Tallmer, Matthew: Research Institute of America Group

Taube, Herman: Jewish Forward

Taylor, Ihsan K.: Education Week

Taylor, Vincent E.: Pace Publications

Taylor, Jr., Stuart S.: Legal Times

Teinowitz, Ira: Crain Communications

Temin, Thomas R.: Government Computer News

Terry, Shawn M.: Pasha Publications

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thomas, James C.: Countertrade & Offset

Thompson, Dick: Time, Inc.

Thompson, Mark J.: Time, Inc.

Thornton, Jeannye: U. S. News & World Report

Thyfault, Mary: CMP Media Inc.

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tiernan, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Tillett, Scott: Federal Computer Week

Tobias, Susan-Meader: Thompson Publishing Group

Toch, Thomas: U. S. News & World Report

Todaro, Jane: Business Week

Tolchin, Martin: The Hill

Toloken, Lisa: Government Information Services

Toloken, Steve: Crain Communications

Tomich, Nancy: U. S. Medicine

Tosh, Dennis A.: Research Institute of America Group

Travis, John: Science News

Trigoboff, David: Broadcasting & Cable

Trotter, Andrew: Education Week

Tsilas, Vicky: Tax Notes

Tucker, Miriam E.: International Medical News Group

Tumulty, Karen: Time, Inc.

Turner, Margo: CD Publications

Turque, Bill: Newsweek

Tyler, Amanda: McGraw-Hill

Uhlendorf, Karl: FDC Reports

Ullmann, Owen: Business Week

Updyke, Craig A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Usdin, Steve: King Publishing

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Valmassei, Christine: Warren Publishing

Vample, Gwendolyn C.: Thompson Publishing Group

Van Atta, Dale: Reader's Digest

Van Dongen, Rachel: Roll Call

Van Slooten, Heather: Radio & Records

Van Voorst, L. Bruce: Time, Inc.

VandeHei, James: Inside Washington Publishers

Vandegrift, Beth: Thompson Publishing Group

Varon, Elana: Federal Computer Week

Velez, Elizabeth: Time, Inc.

Venzke, Ben N.: Jane's Information Group

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Victor, Kirk: National Journal

Vidas, Chris: BNA News

Vise, Albert Avery: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Vistica, Gregory L.: Newsweek

Von Blumencron, Mathias M.: Der Spiegel

Von Ilsemann, Siegesmund: Der Spiegel

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Wadman, Meredith: Nature

Wagley, Jr., John R.: The Hill

Wagner, David M.: Insight Magazine

Wahl, Amy E.: CD Publications

Walczak, Lee: Business Week

Walker, Karen S.: BNA News

Walker, Margaret: Army Times Publishing Co.

Walker, Paulette V.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wall, Robert: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Wallace, Elizabeth: FDC Reports

[[Page 1020]]

Waller, Douglas C.: Time, Inc.

Walsh, Elsa: New Yorker

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U. S. News & World Report

Walsh, Mark: Army Times Publishing Co.

Walsh, Mark A.: King Publications

Walsh, Sheila: Washington Blade

Wanat, Thomas: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wang, Wengong: IMAS Publishing

Ware, Patricia.: BNA News

Warren, Daniel Y.: Warren Publishing

Waterfield, Larry: Vance Publishing

Waters, Angela: Time, Inc.

Watson, Thomas C.: Legal Times

Wayman, Suzanne A.: Inside Washington Publishers

Wayne, Debra: Crain Communications

Weaver, Heather Forsgren: Inside Washington Publishers

Weber, Rick: Inside Washington Publishers

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Webster, Susan M.: BNA News

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Weible, Jack: Army Times Publishing Co.

Weil, Jenny: Exchange Monitor Publications

Weiland, Carrie E.: FDC Reports

Weinstein, Gary A.: BNA News

Weiser, Allison: Andrews Publications

Weissenberg, Carrie R.: FDC Reports

Weissenstein, Eric: Crain Communications

Weisskopf, Michael: Time, Inc.

Welch, Jake: National Journal

Welch, Rupert: Furniture Today

Welch, Wayne M.: CD Publications

Wells, Robert J.: Tax Notes

Wells-Lee, Tamera L.: Tax Notes

Wemple, Erik: Washington City Paper

Werble, Cole Palmer: FDC Reports

West, Donald V.: Broadcasting & Cable

Whalen, Jennifer: Phillips Publishing

Whalen, John M.: BNA News

White, Jack E.: Time, Inc.

White, Kerry: Education Week

White, Lisa Putman: FDC Reports

Whitelaw, Kevin: U. S. News & World Report

Whitley, Gigi M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Whitman, David deF.: U. S. News & World Report

Whitten, Daniel: Thompson Publishing Group

Wiener, Leonard: U. S. News & World Report

Wiesemeyer, James: Futures

Wilcox, Melynda D.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Wildavsky, Ben: National Journal

Wildavsky, Rachel Flick: Reader's Digest

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: Business Week

Wilkins, Francis: Inside Washington Publishers

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Eric A.: Capitol Publications

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeanne M.: Government Information Services

Williams, Jeffrey C.: Satellite Business News

Williams, Marjorie C.: Vanity Fair

Williams, Mark A.: BNA News

Williams, Meschelle: Army Times Publishing Co.

Williams, Risa: Tax Notes

Willis, Grant E.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Willner, Jordana M.: Washington Jewish Week

Wilner, Elizabeth: Cook Political Report

Wilson, Benet J.: Phillips Publishing

Wilson, David L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wilson, George C.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Windish, David F.: Tax Notes

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Wingert, Pat: Newsweek

Winneker, Craig A.: Roll Call

Winograd, Jeffrey L.: Yellow Dog Democrat

Winston, Sherie: McGraw-Hill

Winter, Thomas S.: Human Events

Witkin, Gordon: U. S. News & World Report

Witmer, Rachel S.: BNA News

Witt, Elder: Governing

Wittes, Benjamin: Legal Times

Wittrig, Patrice: Radio & Records

Wolffe, James A.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Woodworth, Anne: Thompson Publishing Group

Woolsey, James P.: Penton Publishing

Worsnop, Richard L.: CQ Researcher

Wright, Allison: Food Chemical News

Wright, Carolyn: Tax Notes

Wright, Joseph Michael: National Journal

Wright, Michelle A.: Washington Business Information

Wright, Scott: Black Issues in Higher Education

Wright, Jr., James L.: Afro American Newspapers

Yang, Catherine T.: Business Week

Yaras, Michelle: Federal Publications

Yasin, Rutrell: CMP Media Inc.

Yates, Kerry A.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Yeager, Eric: BNA News

Yeager, James McCarty: Progressive Populist

Yee, Wendell: BNA News

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yochelson, Mindy: BNA News

Yoder, Eric T.: Federal Employees News Digest

Yohannan, Suzanne: Inside Washington Publishers

York, Byron: American Spectator

Yorke, Jeffrey: Radio & Records

Young, Jeffrey R.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Youngstrom, Nina: Atlantic Information Services

Yourish, Karen: Exchange Monitor Publications

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zacaroli, Alec: BNA News

Zagorin, Adam: Time, Inc.

Zastudil, Michael K.: Natural Gas Week

Zavistovich, Alexander: Phillips Publishing

Zirkle, Cynthia: CCH Inc.

[[Page 1021]]

Zuckerman, Edward P.: Political Finance & Lobby Reporter

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News

Zwillich, Todd: International Medical News Group

[[Page 1022]]



               PERIODICALS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

             House Gallery 225-2941, Senate Gallery 224-0265

Afro American Newspapers--(202) 332-0080; 1612 14th Street NW, Washington 
DC 20009: Janice F. Brown, Desiree Allen Graves, Frances L. Murphy II, 
LaWanza Spears, James L. Wright, Jr.

Agri-Pulse--(202) 639-6925; 601 13th Street NW, Suite 520, South, 
Washington DC 20005: Sally Schuft

Airline Business--(703) 836-7443; 1321 Duke Street, Suite 305, Alexandria 
VA 22314: Ramon L. Lopez

Al-Kifah Al-Arabi--(703) 471-5125; 3501 Stringfellow Court, Fairfax VA 
22033: Samir F. Karam

Alfa Publishing--(301) 565-2532; 9124 Bradford Road, Silver Spring MD 
20901: Allan L. Frank, Steven Rizer

American Banker Newsletters--(202) 347-2665, ext. 224; 1325 G Street NW, 
Suite 900, Washington DC 20005: Claire Chapman, Michelle Clayton, Elizabeth 
D. Festa, Miles Maguire, Scott Park, Arthur D. Postal, Stephanie Rosen, 
Carl Sullivan

American Spectator--(703) 243-3733; 2020 North 14th Street, Suite 750, 
Arlington VA 22201: Ronald E. Burr, M. D. Carnegie, John Corry, Sheryl 
Henderson, George Neumayr, Wladyslaw Pleszczynski, Byron York

Andrews Communications--(703) 892-2878; 2000 South Eads Street, Arlington 
VA 22202: Ira Meiselman

Andrews Publications--(202) 462-5569; 2100 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 
810, Washington, DC 20008: Allison Weiser

Armed Forces Journal--(202) 296-0450; 2000 L Street NW, Suite 520, 
Washington DC 20036: Glenn W. Goodman, Jr., John G. Roos, Jason Sherman

Army Times Publishing Co.--(703) 750-8670; 6883 Commercial Drive, 
Springfield VA 22159: Nicholas L. Adde, Jon R. Anderson, Richard C. 
Barnard, Julie Bird, Ernest Blazar, Chester Bridger, John D. Burlage, Amy 
Cohen, Andrew Compart, William P. Cooper, Jr., Gregory C. Couteau, Darlena 
J. Craig, David Brian Craig, Lisa Daniel, Sharon Denny, James S. Doyle, 
Anne Eisele, Jeff Erlich, Laurence Lee Ewing, Warren Ferster, Philip 
Finnegan, Gidget Fuentes, Christy Harris, Margaret C. Harwood, Bernadette 
Hawkins, Jennifer S. Heronema, Enith Hickman, Theresa Hitchens, Daniel C. 
Holly, Robert D. Holzer, Neff Karl Hudson, Roger T. Hyneman, Jennifer 
Johnson, Melody A. Jordan, Karen Grigg Jowers, Krista L. Karony, Chris L. 
Lawson, Marianne Lester, Brian MacKeil, Sidney William Matthews, Kristina 
L. Maze, Richard Maze, Richard W. McCaffery, Jane Claire McHugh, Walter K. 
Miller, Sean D. Naylor, Carmen Nobel, Barbara Opall, Kristin Patterson, 
Donna M. Peterson, Patrick B. Pexton, John L. Pulley, Terrey Quindlen, Lon 
L. Rains, Betty J. Ramos, Maureen R. Rhea, Leigh Rivenbark, George Seffers, 
Patrick J. Seitz, Evamarie C. Socha, James S. Tice, Mark Walsh, Margaret 
Walker, Jack Weible, Meschelle Williams, Grant E. Willis, George C. Wilson, 
James A. Wolffe

Asia Today--(202) 597-1565; 2020 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: Raghubir Goyal

Associated Features--(202) 965-0802; 1622 30th Street NW, Washington DC 
20007: Warren Rogers

Association Meetings--(301) 589-1692; 2215 Montgomery Street, Silver Spring 
MD 20910: Roland Leiser

Atlantic Information Services--(202) 775-9008; 1100 17th Street NW, Suite 
300, Washington DC 20036: Julie Anne Britt, Michael E. Carbine, Phoebe A. 
Eliopoulos, Christopher Gearon, Edward J. McDonough, David Mlawsky, Adam G. 
Sachs, Nina Youngstrom

Aviation International News--(301) 963-9253; 8020 Needwood Road, No. 101, 
Derwood MD 20855: Paul Lowe

Aviation Week--(202) 383-2300; 1200 G Street NW, Suite 200, Washington DC 
20005: Joseph C. Anselmo, James R. Asker, David Fulghum, John D. Hughes, 
Jr., Paul S. Mann, Bruce D. Nordwall, David M. North, Edward H. Phillips, 
Carole A. Shifrin

BNA News--(202) 452-4200; 1231 25th Street NW, Washington DC 20037: Ronald 
E. Aikens, Paul F. Albergo, Michelle Amber, Michael L. Arian, Leroy Armes, 
Jerome C. Ashton, Nadya Aswad, Pamela S. Atkins, Jessica L. Baez, Charles 
Boileau Bailey, Vicki Baldassano, Andrew M. Ballard, Janet Benedetti, 
Alison Bennett, Mary Thomas Berger, Deborah Billings, Jean Ann Blanke, 
Debra Green, Cheryl L. Bolen, Linda G. Botsford, Karyn S. Bowie, Eleanor 
Bradley, David Barry Brandolph, Rossella Brevetti, Carol Ann Brideau, 
Angela L. Britt, Brian J. Broderick, Richard Bronson, Robert C. Bruce, 
Susan Bruninga, Sue Bryant, Ellen Byerrum, Niles S. Campbell, Martha M. 
Canan, Ann Therese Carlozzo, Brian A. Carr, Bernard S. Chabel, Emily Chuo, 
Shelene Clark, Irene Clarke-Gomez, Regina P. Cline, Janey Cohen, Matilda 
Monroe Corley, Anita Kelly Cosgrove, Mary M. Davis, Michael C. Davis, 
Gloria Deigh, Kathryn J. Desmond, Phyllis Diamond, Kenneth P. Doyle, Damon 
A. Dozier, Angela Drolte, Dana A. Elfin, Scott R. Falk, Amy Favin, Mark E. 
Felsenthal, James F. Fitzpatrick, Jeffrey C. Florian, Joan M. Flynn, 
Shantelle Fowler, Court Gifford, Pam D. Ginsbach, Michelle Angelique Glass, 
Bob Goebes, Leslie J. Gold, Anne B. Goodwin, Diana I. Gregg,

[[Page 1023]]

Joan H. Griffith, Christina N. Hanna, Donna M. Harris-Aikens, Keith M. 
Hill, Ursula Himali, Sindhu G. Hirani, Susan Hobbs, Elizabeth W. 
Hofmeister, Cheryl Hogue, Jeremy Holmes, Strawn T. Holmes, Arnesa A. 
Howell, Bridget A. Hunter, Helen Jones, Jennifer L. Kalms, Hugh B. Kaplan, 
Marcia B. Kass, Bruce S. Kaufman, David P. Kaut, James H. Kennedy, Elaine 
Kessler, Altaf Khan, Leslie King, John Robert Kirkland, Randy Kubetin, 
Louis C. LaBrecque, Anne M. Lange, Stephen C. Lankler, Susan Lightner, Jane 
Limprecht, Kathryn D. Linstromberg, Annmarie G. Lipold, Brian Alexander 
Lockett, Patricia Anne Logan, Jennifer B. Lucas, Carole L. Macko, Maria E. 
Mahone, Fabia H. Mahoney, Eileen Malloy, Suzanne Elam Manning, Judith E. 
Margolis, Luis E. Martinez, Mary Mosquera, Vandana Mathur, Martha A. 
Matthews, Wallis E. McClain, Jr, Rebecca Pearl McCracken, Alex McElroy, 
Susan J. McGolrick, Kevin Patrick McGowan, Susan McInerney, Toby McIntosh, 
Albert McMeen, Jennifer S. Meyer, Jeannine Mjoseth, Marcia Mjoseth, Nancy 
H. Montwieler, Gail Moorstein, Elizabeth Ann Morgan, Mary Mosquera, Gwen 
Moulton, Bernard H. Mower, Kurt D. Naasz, David Nather, Barbara E. Nelson, 
Thomas J. O'Toole, Jr., Carol Oberdorfer, Nancy Ognanovich, Cynthia Omberg, 
Gloria R. Onley, Anthony Owens, Mack Paschal, Karen E. Pilson, D. Ward 
Pimley, Stanley S. Pond, Amy L. Porter, Pamela Prah, Joan A. Pryde, Sheldon 
B. Richman, Manda P. Riggs, Tod Robinson, Lisa M. Rockelli, Sara Thurin 
Rollin, Lois C. Rose, Daniel J. Roy, Cheryl Saenz, Susan J. Sala, Paul A. 
Sarkis, David A. Sayre, Thomas Scarlett, Dean Timothy Scott, Janet L. 
Sergeon, Jennifer Silverman, Lise M. Simmons, Nancy F. Simmons, Kenneth H. 
Skilling, James W. Skovron, John R. Small, Patricia S. Spencer, Beth L. 
Starr, Julie A. Steinberg, Katherine M. Stimmel, James A. Stimson, Alan M. 
Stowell, Peyton Mackay Sturges, John H. Sullivan, Eileen C. Sutton, Steven 
Teske, Chris Vidas, Karen S. Walker, Patricia Ware, Susan M. Webster, Gary 
A. Weinstein, John M. Whalen, Mark A. Williams, Jane A. Winebrenner, Rachel 
S. Witmer, Eric Yeager, Wendell Yee, Gary G. Yerkey, Mindy Yochelson, 
Barbara Yuill, Alec Zacaroli, Robert Te-Kang Zung

Baltimore City Paper--(410) 523-2300; 812 Park Avenue, Baltimore MD 21201: 
Van Smith

Barron's--(202) 862-6606; 1025 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 800, Washington 
DC 20036: Thomas G. Donlan, James M. Tague

Bill Communications--(703) 528-4564; 102 North George Mason Road, Arlington 
VA 22203: Joan K. Murray

Black Congressional Monitor--(202) 488-8879; 607 Fourth Street SW, 
Washington DC 20013: Lenora Moragne

Black Enterprise--(202) 544-3143; 1507 Massachusetts Avenue SE, Washington 
DC 20003: Joyce Jones

Black Issues in Higher Education--(703) 385-2981; 10520 Warwick Avenue, 
Suite B-8, Fairfax VA 22030: Karin Chenoweth, Cheryl D. Fields, Joan 
Morgan, Paul Ruffins, Eric St. John, Scott Wright

Blatter--(301) 699-3908; 4506 32nd Street, Mt. Rainier MD 20712: Konrad Ege

Broadcasting & Cable--(202) 659-2340; 1705 DeSales Street NW, Washington DC 
20036: Paige Albiniak, John S. Eggerton, Heather Fleming, Harry A. Jessell, 
Kim McAvoy, Chris McConnell, Mark Karl Miller, Elizabeth Rathbun, David 
Trigoboff, Donald V. West

Budget & Program--(202) 628-3860; P. O. Box 6390, Washington DC 20015: Dean 
Sprague, John Sprague

Business Publishers--(301) 587-6300; 951 Pershing Drive, Silver Spring MD 
20910: Nancy Lee Aldrich, Jerry Ashworth, Matthew Aukofer, Aimee Bader, 
Michael Barenti, Bonita Becker, Michael Berkowitz, Michael G. Dabaie, 
Charles J. Dervarics, David P. Douglass, Eric B. Easton, Elaine R. Eiserer, 
Leonard A. C. Eiserer, Thecla Fabian, Charles Whitt Flora, Charlotte 
Garvey, David Goeller, Bob Grupe, Valarie N. Jackson, Peter Jakubowicz, 
David Jones, Henry E. Kleiner, Charles Knebl, Steve Lash, Todd 
Leeuwenburgh, Henrietta Monroe, Thomas Phillip Ramstack, Tarun Reddy, Linda 
Roeder, Houkje Ross, Erich Shea, Ken Silverstone, Michael David Speights, 
Sarah E. Spencer

Business Research Publications--(202) 842-3022; 1333 H Street NW, Suite 
200, Washington DC 20045: Amy L. Fickling, Ian Jones, Rod Kuckro, Robert 
MacMillan, Sharon A. McLoone, Catherine A. Olson, Hiram Reisner

Business Travel News--(703) 642-6422; P. O. Box 11269, Alexandria VA 22312: 
Barbara C. Cook

CCH Inc.--(202) 508-6751; 655 15th Street NW, Suite 265, Washington DC 
20005: Sheila R. Cherry, Paula L. Cruickshank, Peter E. Feltman, Brendan 
DuBois Frost, Gwendolyn Jenkins, Craig C. Lebamoff, Ann Marie Maloney, 
Joyce Mutcherson-Ridley, John Forrest Scorza, Cynthia A. Zirkle

CD Publications--(301) 588-6380; 8204 Fenton Street, Silver Spring MD 
20910: Jan Beiting, Mark Binker, Bob Duke, Brenda L. Gleason, William P. 
Hoar, Paul Kalomiris, Jennifer L. Katz, David Kittross, Jay D. Krasnow, 
Mark Kuhn, Annette Pena, Philip Porado, Kelly L. Rand, Jason Rocker, Margo 
Turner, Amy E. Wahl, Wayne M. Welch

CMP Media Inc.--(202) 383-4799; 1170 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: Lou Bertin, David M. Braun, Patricia Brown, Beth Davis, Kate Gerwig, 
Brian Gillooly, George Leopold, Sam Masud, Rex Nutting, Wayne Rash, Jr., 
John R. Rendleman, Jack W. Robertson, Mark Rockwell, Stephanie B. Stahl, 
Terry Sweeney, Darryl K. Taft, Mary Thyfault, Rutrell Yasin

CQ Researcher--(202) 887-8600; 1414 22nd Street NW, Washington DC 20037: 
Charles S. Clark, Thomas J. Colin, Mary H. Cooper, Vanessa E. Furlong, 
Kenneth W. Jost, Sarah M. Magner, Sandra Stencel, Richard L. Worsnop

Cable World--(202) 467-8538; 1155 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 504, 
Washington DC 20036: Alan J. Breznick, Eric Glick

[[Page 1024]]

Cablevision--(202) 393-2350; 1511 K Street NW, Suite 1153, Washington DC 
20005: Marc Osgoode Smith

Cancer Letter--(202) 362-1809; 3821 Woodley Road NW, Washington DC 20016: 
Catherine Fiore, Kirsten Goldberg, Paul Goldberg

Capitol Publications--(703) 683-4100; 1101 King Street, Suite 444, 
Alexandria VA 22314: Michael Abshire, Karin Albani, Robert J. Babbitz, 
Wendy Bailey, Stephen Bouvet, Christina Breda, Jessica H. Bridges, James M. 
Causey, Brenda Cordwell, Kathryn DeMott, Mary-Ellen Deily, Jennifer Freer, 
Roger Friedman, Bob Gough, Steven R. Harper, Henry S. Kenyon, Stuart Lilly, 
Peter T. Lobred, David McGuire, Justin McGuire, Rosemary J. McMahill, Joyce 
L. Mitchell, Pamela Susan Moore, Mary B. Mudd, Leigh Ann Newman, Philip M. 
Piemonte, William Reinhard, Rebekah L. Stivers, Eric A. Williams

Career Pathways Report--(202) 452-8607; 2400 Virginia Avenue NW, Washington 
DC 20036: Elizabeth Alger, Dale Hudelson

Chemical Marketing Reporter--(202) 393-1444; 1057 C National Press 
Building, Washington DC 20045: Glenn H. Hess

Chemical Week--(202) 628-3728; 1253 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: Peter Fairley

Chronicle of Higher Education--(202) 466-1000; 1255 23rd Street NW, 
Washington DC 20037: Nina Cary Ayoub, Lawrence Biemiller III, Debra E. 
Blum, Goldie Blumenstyk, Stephen Burd, Mary Crystal Cage, Colleen Cordes, 
Jon Craig, Paul Demko, Paul Desruisseaux, Marina Dundjerski, Jean 
Evangelauf, Cheryl M. Fields, Bianca P. Floyd, Susan Ganley, Mary Elizabeth 
Geraghty, Benjamin P. Gose, Susan Gray, Elizabeth Greene, Lisa Guernsey, 
Holly Hall, Karla Haworth, Patrick Healy, Scott Jaschik, Courtney 
Leatherman, Douglas J. Lederman, Kit Lively, Denise Karasiewicz Magner, 
Kelly McCollum, Kim A. McDonald, Joye Mercer, Carolyn Mooney, Jennifer Lynn 
Moore, Andrew C. Mytelka, Jim Naughton, Julie L. Nicklin, Jennifer K. 
Ruark, Amy Magaro Rubin, Peter G. Schmidt, Alison Schneider, Christopher 
Shea, Vincent W. Stehle, Kim Strosnider, Paulette V. Walker, Thomas Wanat, 
Grant Williams, David L. Wilson, Jeffrey R. Young

Concrete Products--(301) 972-7440; P. O. Box 132, Poolesville MD 20837: 
E.E. Halmos, Jr.

Consumer Affairs Letter--(202) 362-4279; 3035 Newark Street NW, Washington 
DC 20008: George Idelson

Cook Political Report--(202) 789-2434; 900 Second Street NE, Washington DC 
20002: Charles E. Cook, Jr., Jennifer Duffy, Elizabeth Wilner

Corporate Crime Reporter--(202) 737-1680; 1209 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Russell Mokhiber

Countertrade & Offset--(703) 425-1323; 7703 Woodshade Court, Fairfax 
Station VA 22039: Susan K. Nelson, James C. Thomas

Crain Communications--(202) 662-7200; 814 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Vineeta Anand, Jerome F. Brazda, Jonathan P. Gardner, 
Bob Garfield, Jerome M. Geisel, Roseanne W. Geisel, Mary Greczyn, Douglas 
J. Halonen, Donna L. Harris, David M. Hatch, Mark A. Hofmann, Patricia B. 
Limbacher, Alice M. Lipowicz, Paul Robert Merrion, Miles David Moore, 
Jeffrey S. Silva, Harry Stoffer, Ira Teinowitz, Steve Toloken, Debra Wayne, 
Eric Weissenstein

Credit Management and Marketplace News--(703) 256-4748; Post Office Box 
1095, Falls Church VA 22041: John Seidenberg

Credit Union Journal--(202) 737-8050; 733 15th Street NW, Suite 1100, 
Washington DC 20005: Edward S. Roberts

Defense Focus--(703) 528-3770; 1300 North 17th Street, 11th Floor, 
Arlington VA 22209: Akihiro Aihara, Jonathan Henning

Department of Education Reports--(202) 362-3444; 4401-A Connecticut Avenue 
NW, #212, Washington DC 20008: David T. Chester

Der Spiegel--(202) 347-5222; 1202 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: Clemens Hoges, Gisela Leske, Mathias M. Von Blumencron, Siegesmund 
Von Ilsemann

Drug Topics--(703) 243-8080; 1815 North Fort Myer Drive, Suite 807, 
Arlington VA 22209: Michael F. Conlan

Economist--(202) 783-5753; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 510, 
Washington DC 20004: Daniel Franklin, Sebastian Mallaby, Zanny Minton-
Beddoes, Yvonne Ryan

Editorial Atlantida--(202) 338-5703; 3271 Prospect Street NW, Washington DC 
20007: Ana Baron Supervielle

Education Week--(202) 364-4114; 4301 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 250, 
Washington DC 20008: Jeffrey Robert Archer, Ann Bradley, Gregory M. 
Chronister, Adrienne D. Coles, Karen Diegmueller, Steven Drummond, David 
Field, Sandra Graziano, Lonnie Harp, David Hoff, Linda Jacobson, Robert 
Charles Johnston, Bess Keller, Millicent Lawton, Kathleen K. Manzo, Lynn 
Olson, Liz Parker, Jeanne Ponessa, Jessica Portner, M. Sandra Reeves, Beth 
Reinhard, Joetta L. Sack, Jessica L. Sandham, Lynn Schnaiberg, Ihsan K. 
Taylor, Andrew Trotter, Debra Viadero, Kerry White

Elle--(202) 462-2951; 3133 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 315, Washington DC 
20008: Meryl Gordon

Endangered Species & Wetlands Report--(301) 891-3791; 6717 Poplar Avenue, 
Takoma Park, MD 20912: Stephen Davies

EPIN Publishing--(301) 365-3621; P. O. Box 21001, Washington DC 20009: 
James McDonough

Exchange Monitor Publications--(202) 296-2814; 1826 Jefferson Place NW, 
Suite 100, Washington DC 20036: J. Raphael Della Ratta, Andrew Rusnak, Jr., 
Jenny Weil, Karen Yourish,

[[Page 1025]]

Export Today--(202) 737-3138; 733 15th Street NW, Suite 1100, Washington DC 
20005: Kendall Lynn Slee

FDC Reports--(301) 657-9830; 5550 Friendship Boulevard, Suite One, Chevy 
Chase MD 20815: Janet A. Aker, Peter Ballard, Mark E. Brager, Randy 
Burkholder, Melissa Carlson, Jeremy Chase, Christopher D. Chinn, Janet 
Coleman, Jon Dobson, Susan Easton, Warren K. Eng, Bradley J. Ewy, Katherine 
V. Fodor, Danielle Foullon, Betsy Goodfellow, Christopher E. Gray, 
Christine Harrington, Timothy P. Harrington, Cathy Heinze, M. Nielsen 
Hobbs, Sunil Iyengar, Michael Koppenheffer, Mark Ladov, Christine Lee, 
Michael McCaughan, E. John McKenna, Holly Mead, Walter Morris, Carol 
Nicholson, William Clifford Paulson, Kathleen Rawson, Martha Richardson, 
Andrew M. Robins, Margaret C. Ruscus, Stacey Schultz, Rachel E. Shepherd, 
Bridget L. Silverman, Scott A. Steinke, Karl Uhlendorf, Elizabeth Wallace, 
Carrie E. Weiland, Carrie R. Weissenberg, Cole Palmer Werble, Lisa Putman 
White

FTC Watch--(202) 434-8222; 601 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 900, 
Washington DC 20004: Arthur L. Amolsch, William P. Reuter

Falls Church News Press--(703) 532-3267; 929 West Broad Street, Suite 200, 
Falls Church VA 22046: Nicholas F. Benton

Far Eastern Economic Review--(202) 862-9286; 1025 Connecticut Avenue NW, 
Suite 800, Washington DC 20036: Nigel R. Holloway

Farm Journal--(202) 824-8250; 1325 G Street NW, Suite 200, Washington DC 
20045: Sonja Hillgren, Patricia Peak Klintberg

Federal Computer Week--(703) 876-5100; 3141 Fairview Park Drive, Suite 777, 
Falls Church VA 22042: Anne Armstrong, Brad Bass, Bob Brewin, Joanne M. 
Connelly, Heather Harreld, Allan T. Holmes, John Monroe, John Moore, 
Colleen M. O'Hara, Scott Tillett, Elana Varon

Federal Employees News Digest--(703) 648-0087; 1850 Centennial Park Drive, 
Suite 520, Reston VA 22091: Catherine Hubbard, Don Mace, Eric T. Yoder

Federal News Services--(703) 548-5177; 1301 East Abingdon Drive, Alexandria 
VA 22314: Thomas Steven Robinson

Federal Publications--(202) 337-7000; 1120 20th Street NW, Suite 500S, 
Washington DC 20036: Diane Davis, Jamie Kent Hamelburg, Christine M. 
Hanson, Mary Anne Lenihan, Patricia Mariani, Mary G. McShea, Juan P. Osuna, 
Danielle M. Polen, Richard L. Shea, Michelle Yaras

Feedstuffs--(703) 516-9162; 2338 North Taylor, Arlington VA 22207: Heather 
C. Jones

Financial Post--(202) 842-1190; 1225 Eye Street NW, Suite 810, Washington 
DC 20005: Peter Morton

Focus--(202) 363-2397; 4527 Windom Place NW, Washington DC 20016: Peter 
Gruber

Food Chemical News--(202) 544-1980; 1101 Pennsylvania Avenue SE, Washington 
DC 20003: Wendy Love Anderson, John A. Briley III, Stephen Clapp, Declan A. 
Conroy, Sue Darcey, Adrienne Dern, Jay F. Fletcher, Glenn Gamber, Joan 
Kennedy, Brendan McDonell, Joan Murphy, Andrea Novotny, Pat Phibbs, Paul A. 
Schuette, Paul Shread, Priscilla Smith, Allison Wright

Forbes--(202) 785-1480; 1901 L Street NW, Suite 803, Washington DC 20036: 
Janet Novack, Peter Spiegel, Cristina L. Von Zeppelin

Forward--(202) 879-6740; 1049 National Press Building, Washington DC 20045: 
Ira E. Stoll

Furniture Today--(202) 463-8490; 1500 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Suite 748, 
Washington DC 20005: Rupert Welch

Futures--(202) 842-0800; 1000 Vermont Avenue NW, Suite 810, Washington DC 
20005: Roger D. Bernard, Michael J. Duncan, Vince Golle, Elizabeth Price, 
Susan K. Stawick, James Wiesemeyer

General Aviation News--(301) 330-2715; 1915 Windjammer Way, Gaithersburg MD 
20879: Charles F. Spence

Gilston Communications Group--(301) 570-4544; 4816 Sweetbirch Drive, 
Rockville MD 20853: Samuel M. Gilston

Governing--(202) 862-8802; 2300 N Street NW, Suite 760, Washington DC 
20037: Alex Daniels, Peter A. Harkness, Anne Jordan, Charles Mahtesian, 
Ellen Perlman, Elder Witt

Government Computer News--(301) 650-2000; 8601 Georgia Avenue, Suite 300, 
Silver Springs MD 20910: John Breeden, Vanessa Jo Grimm, William K. 
Jackson, Bill Murray, Payman Pejman, Kevin J. Power, Thomas R. Temin

Government Executive--(202) 739-8500; 1501 M Street NW, Suite 300, 
Washington DC 20005: Timothy B. Clark, Susan Fourney, Brian Friel, Anne 
Laurent, Katherine M. Peters, Thomas J. Shoop, Samantha Stainburn

Government Information Services--(703) 528-1000; 4301 North Fairfax Drive, 
Suite 875, Arlington VA 22203: Elizabeth A. Bernhard, Carol Dana, Charles 
J. Edwards, Jody Feder, Erika Fitzpatrick, Lisa L. Hayes, Donald Hoffman, 
Seth V. Jackson, Alvin C. Lin, Julie A. Miller, Lisa Toloken, Jeanne M. 
Williams

Green Business Letter--(202) 332-1700; 1519 Connecticut Avenue NW, 
Washington DC 20036: Jennifer Gamble, Joel Makower

Green Sheets--(202) 546-2220; 406 E Street SE, Washington DC 20003: Linda 
A. Cartwright, John Dineen, Leslie A. Duncan, Ronald E. Grandon, 
Christopher Rosche

[[Page 1026]]

HLB Newsletter--(202) 686-7305; 821 Delaware Avenue SW, Washington DC 
20024: Dorothy G. Miller, Nathaniel Polster

Health Market Survey--(202) 362-5408; 4115 Wisconsin Avenue NW, Washington 
DC 20015: William Robert Boyles

Healthcare Information--(202) 828-4148,251; 1133 15th Street NW, Suite 450, 
Washington DC 20005: Marcia Clemmitt, Robert Cunningham, Daniel Moskowitz, 
John Reichard

Hispanic Link News Service--(202) 234-0280; 1420 N Street NW, Washington DC 
20005: Louis Aguilar

HotWired/Wired--(202) 872-3830; 888 17th Street NW, Suite 201, Washington 
DC 20006: John Heilemann, Catharine Lo

Human Events--(202) 546-0966; 422 First Street SE, Suite 400, Washington DC 
20003: Michael J. Catanzaro, Michael Chapman, Joseph A. D'Agostino, John 
Gizzi, Terence P. Jeffrey, J. Richard Pearcey, Allan H. Ryskind, Steve 
Schwalm, Thomas S. Winter

IDG Communications--(202) 347-0134; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 505, 
Washington DC 20004: Gary H. Anthes, Ellen Messmer, Denise Pappalardo, 
David Rohde

IMAS Publishing--(703) 998-7600,136; 5827 Columbia Pike, Falls Church VA 
22041: Susan Ashworth, Lucia E. Cobo, Paul J. McLane, Matthew Spangler, 
Wengong Wang

India Abroad--(202) 737-4144; 2046 National Press Building, 529, Washington 
DC 20045: Abdul Aziz Haniffa

Inside Mortgage Finance--(301) 951-1240; 7910 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 906, 
Bethesda MD 20814: George A. Brooks, Guy David Cecala, John J. Lewis, 
Charlyne McWilliams, Sheilah O'Connor

Inside Washington Publishers--(703) 416-8500; 1225 Jefferson Davis Highway, 
Suite 1400, Arlington VA 22202: Marguerite Abadjian, Lara W. Beaven, Mark 
Benjamin, Douglas Berenson, Jeremy Bernstein, Don K. Bilson, John 
Bresnahan, Joseph M. Burey, George Cahlink, David P. Clarke, Joshua T. 
Cohen, Christine Cordner, Martin J. Coyne, Robert Cusack, Suzanne 
DiPasquale, Carter S. Dougherty, Thomas Patrick Duffy, Daniel G. Dupont, 
Edmond B. Freeman, April E. Fulton, Steven K. Gibb, John Grano, Elaine M. 
Grossman, Thomas Harman, Robert Harrelson, Donna Haseley, Andrea Hatch, 
Jutta Hennig, Pamela Rae Hess, Janice Hughes, James Jones, Peter I. 
Kasperowicz, Keith F. Koffler, Anthony L. Kreindler, Eli Lake, Richard 
Lardner, Amy Levey, John Liang, Nigel F. Maynard, Kesha T. Moorefield, 
Douglas Obey, Scott A. Otteman, Lia Parisien, Holly Porteons, P. Mitchell 
Prothero, Erik W. Robelen, James O. Rogers, Michael Santa Rita, Christopher 
A. Schwartz, Roman G. Schweizer III, Paul B. Singer, Darlene W. Smith, 
Leigh Smith, Roger P. Smith, Jim Snyder, Brendan Sobie, Dugie Standeford, 
John Roberts Stanton, John P. Staunton, Jr., Craig A. Updyke, James 
VandeHei, Suzanne A. Wayman, Heather Forsgren Weaver, Rick W. Weber, Gigi 
M. Whitley, Francis Wilkins, Suzanne Yohannan

Insight Magazine--(202) 636-8800; 3600 New York Avenue NE, Washington DC 
20002: John Berlau, Douglas Burton, Susan J. Crabtree, Tiffany Danitz, 
Jamie Dettmer, Stephen Ray Goode, Margaret Helms, Jennifer Hickey, Mark 
Judge,Timothy Maier, Berinthia Pierce, Paul M. Rodriguez, Michael Rust, 
Scott Stanley, David M. Wagner

Institutional Investor--(202) 393-5555; 1319 F Street NW, Suite 805, 
Washington DC 20004: Siobhan Hughes, Jayne Levin, Peter Roberson, Adam J. 
Rombel, Karen M. Sarkis, Stanley Eugene Wilson

Internal Medicine World Report--(301) 530-8430; 9206 Bulls Run Parkway, 
Bethesda MD 20817: Odom Fanning

International Medical News Group--(301) 816-8700; 12230 Wilkins Avenue, 
Rockville MD 20852: Michael S. Bykowski, Nathan D. Childs, Joyce Frieden, 
Christine Kilgore, Farah Kostreski, Katherine Maurer, Elizabeth Mechcatie, 
Anna Nidecker, Kathleen M. Scarbeck, Miriam E. Tucker, Todd Zwillich

Internewsletter--(202) 347-4575; 1063 National Press Building, Washington 
DC 20045: Marie B. Allizon

Investment Dealer's Digest--(202) 467-6353; 1130 17th Street NW, Suite 430, 
Washington DC 20036: L. Mathew Matta, James S. Smouse, Edward Staples

JR Publishing--(703) 532-2235; 6504 Orland Street, Falls Church VA 22043: 
John V. Reistrup

Jane's Information Group--(703) 683-5367; 1340 Braddock Place, Suite 300, 
Alexandria VA 22314: John Boatman, Stacey Evers, Yana Ginburg, Barbara 
Starr, Ben N. Venzke

Japan Digest--(703) 931-2500; 5510 Columbia Pike, Suite 207, Arlington VA 
22204: Ayako Doi, Craig Fukushima, Kim Willenson

Jet/Ebony--(202) 393-5860; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 1301, 
Washington DC 20006: Simeon S. Booker, Richette L. Haywood, Laura Randolph

Jewish Forward--(301) 530-8109; 10500 Rockville Pike, Suite 604, Rockville 
MD 20852: Herman Taube.

Journal of NIH Research--(202) 785-5333,27; 1444 I Street NW, Suite 1000, 
Washington DC 20005: Bruce A. Agnew, Camille Collett, Carol Ezzell, Keith 
Alan Haglund, Karen Hopkin, David I. Lewin

King Publications--(202) 638-4260; 627 National Press Building, Washington 
DC 20045: Kevin M. Baerson, Anthony W. Capaccio, Colin S. Clark, Mark H. 
Crawford, John M. Donnelly, Linda Ann Gasparello, Erik W. Holm, Ken 
Jacobson, Stephen C. Kidney, Hunter McCleary, David D. Mulholland, James R. 
Schlesinger, Jr., Steve Usdin, Mark A. Walsh

Kiplinger Washington Editors--(202) 887-6400; 1729 H Street NW, Washington 
DC 20006: Peter L. Blank, Janet Bodnar, Priscilla T. Brandon, Melissa Star 
Bristow, Martha L. Craver, Kenneth B.

[[Page 1027]]

Dalecki, Kristin Davis, Michael F. Doan, William W. Eby, Lawrence I. 
Fishbein, John R. Fogarty, Robert L. Frick, Joan Goldwasser, Ed Henry, 
Jerome Idaszak, Steven D. Ivins, Elizabeth Kelleher, Jack Kiesner, Austin 
H. Kiplinger, David L. Koenig, Kimberly Lankford, Gary L. Matthews, Kevin 
McCormally, James Gerry Moore, Scott Bernard Nelson, Susan Phillips, 
Elizabeth A. Razzi, Magali Rheault, Ronaleen Roha, Marc L. Schulhof, Mark 
Sfiligoj, Stacy Stover, Melynda D. Wilcox

LRP Publications--(703) 684-0510,529; 1555 King Street, Suite 200, 
Alexandria VA 22314: William H. Feldman, Steve France, Ken Hughes, Theresa 
Marvin, Anne M. Snyder

Lebhar-Friedman Publications--(301) 924-3033; 17735 Striley Drive, Ashton 
MD 20861: Ken Rankin

Legal Publication Services--(703) 276-9796; 2008 North Emerson Street, 
Arlington VA 22207: Melanie Aclander, Ellen E. Smith

Legal Times--(202) 828-0340; 1730 M Street NW, Suite 802, Washington DC 
20036: Naftali Bendavid, Bruce David Brown, Timothy J. Burger, Joel 
Chineson, Janice Cooper, Eric Effron, Elizabeth Engdahl, Ted Goldman, 
Jonathan Groner, Carrie Johnson, Eva Rodriguez, Siobhan Roth, Judy 
Sarasohn, Robert Schmidt, Tom Schoenberg, Deirdre Shesgreen, Sam Skolnik, 
Stuart S. Taylor, Jr., Thomas C. Watson, Benjamin Wittes

Maclean's--(202) 662-7321; 994 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: Carl W. Mollins, Andrew Phillips

Mail on Sunday--(202) 547-7980; 510 Constitution Avenue NE, Washington DC 
20002-5926: William A. Lowther

Manufacturing News--(703) 750-2664; 7713 Newcastle Drive, Falls Church VA 
22042: Richard McCormack

McGraw-Hill--(202) 383-2100; 1200 G Street NW, Suite 1100, Washington DC 
20005: David Airozo, Jeffrey Barber, Amy Barrett, Aaron Bernstein, Amy 
Borrus, Craig S. Cano, John A. Carey, Catherine Cash, Theodosia Craig, Stan 
Crock, Mark Davidson, Lira Behrens Davies, Christina Del Valle, Shary 
Denes, Wilson Dizard, Kelley Doolan, Richard S. Dunham, Paula Dwyer, 
Lawrence D. Foster, Dean Foust, Susan Garland, Lynn Garner, Howard 
Gleckman, Douglas A. Harbrecht, Tom Harrison, Kathleen Hart, John Higgins, 
Elaine Hiruo, Christopher P. Holly, Joseph D. Hutnyan, Thomas F. 
Ichniowski, Brian D. Jordan, Gloria B. Kassabian, Michael Knapik, David F. 
Kramer, Catherine Landry, Kathy Carolin Larsen, Bryan Lee, Gail J. Lawyer, 
William E. Loveless, Karen McBeth, Paul Magnusson, Michael D. McNamee, 
Bruce Millar, Sheryl Morris, Jeff Mower, Christopher J. Newkumet, Cindy 
O'Hara, Tina Petersen, Liza Petrush, Mary Beth Regan, Paul Rubin, Margaret 
L. Ryan, Michael Schroeder, Paul Smith, David Stellfox, Tom Tiernan, Jane 
Todaro, Amanda Tyler, Owen Ullmann, Lee Walczak, Stephen H. Wildstrom, 
Sherie Winston, Catherine T. Yang

McGraw-Hill/Aero--(202) 383-2367; 1200 G Street NW, Suite 200, Washington 
DC 20005: Holly E. Arthur, Jason Bates, James D. Baumgarner, David Bond, 
David L. Collogan, Christopher Fotos, Ed Hazelwood, Arnold M. Lewis, Kerry 
Lynch, James Mathews, Jennifer Lynn Michels, Michael S. Miller, Frank 
Morring, Jr., Charles Rabb, Martin C. Sibley, Albert Avery Vise, Robert 
Wall, Kerry A. Yates

Medical Devices Report--(703) 361-6472; 7643 Bland Drive, Manassas VA 
22110: Steve Butchock

Metro Herald Newspaper--(703) 548-8891; 901 North Washington Street, Suite 
603, Alexandria VA 22314: Paris D. Davis, Paulette J. Robinson

 Microbanker--(301) 460-5879; 14119 Pear Tree Lane, Suite 24, Silver Spring 
MD 20906: David Stahl

Mid-Atlantic Research--800/227-7140; 2805 St. Paul Street, Baltimore MD 
21218: Martha C. Powers, John Rees

Milan Presse--(301) 907/7580; 7711 Tilbury Street, Bethesda MD 20814: 
Martine Combemale

Military Robotics--(202) 723-1600; 19 Rock Creek Church Road NW, Washington 
DC 20011: Joseph Lovece

Multichannel News--(202) 639-6934; 601 13th Street NW, Suite 520S, 
Washington DC 20005: Edward T. Hearn

Nation--(202) 546-2239; 110 Maryland Avenue NE, Suite 308, Washington DC 
20002: David Corn, Max Holland

National Catholic Reporter--(202) 662-7191; 2060 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Arthur Jones

National Journal--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street NW, Suite 300, Washington 
DC 20005: James A. Barnes, Deborah Birnbaum, Graeme Browning, Eliza Newlin 
Carney, Richard E. Cohen, Richard S. Frank, Jerry Hagstrom, Virginia L. 
Hardy, Louis Jacobson, Karol Anne Keane, Joseph D. Kirschten, James 
Kitfield, Julie A. Kosterlitz, Margaret E. Kriz, JoAnne Moncrief, W. John 
Moore, Jodie Morris, Marilyn W. Serafini, Jeffrey Shear, Annys Shin, Alexis 
Simendinger, Stephen G. Smith, Burton R. Solomon, Rochelle Stanfield, Paul 
Starobin, Peter Stone, Kathlene C. Swanson, Kirk Victor, Jake Welch, Ben 
Wildavsky, Joseph Michael Wright

National Law Journal--(202) 662-8932; 927 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Harvey Berkman, Marcia Coyle, Marianne P. Lavelle

National Mortgage News--(202) 822-1261; 1133 15th Street NW, Suite 450, 
Washington DC 20005: Brian Collins, Darryl R. Hicks, Paul Muolo

National Review--(202) 543-9226; 1126 National Press Building, Washington 
DC 20045: Rich Lowry, Kate Walsh O'Beirne, Ramesh Ponnuru

[[Page 1028]]

National Underwriter--(202) 783-8443; 1249 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Steven Brostoff, Mary Jane Fisher

Natural Gas Intelligence--(703) 318-8848; 22648 Glenn Drive, Suite 305, 
Sterling VA 20164: Ellen Beswick, Rocco Canonica, Susan T. Parker

Natural Gas Week--(202) 662-0700; 1401 New York Avenue NW, Suite 500, 
Washington DC 20005: Howard Buskirk, Paul C. Connolly, Rick Hogan, Steve 
Parezo, Scott C. Speaker, Michael K. Zastudil

Nature--(202) 737-2355; 968 National Press Building, Washington DC 20045: 
Laura J. Garwin, Brendan Horton, Charles Jennings, Colin Macilwain, 
Meredith Wadman

Nautilus Press--(202) 347-6643; 1059 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: John R. Botzum, Jr.

New Republic--(202) 331-7494; 1220 19th Street NW, Suite 600, Washington DC 
20036: Jonathan Chait, Susan Ellingwood, Robyn Gearey, Stephen Glass, Jacob 
Heilbrunn, John B. Judis, Michael Kelly, William Powers, Jeff Rosen, Hanna 
Rosin, Ruth Shalit

New Scientist--(202) 331-2080; 1150 18th Street NW, Suite 725, Washington 
DC 20036: Vincent Kiernan, Kurt Kleiner, Rachel Nowak

New York Jewish Week--(703) 978-4724; 8713 Braeburn Drive, Annandale VA 
22203: James David Besser

New Yorker--(202) 296-5840; 1156 15th Street NW, Suite 1016, Washington DC 
20005: Sidney Blumenthal, Peter Boyer, Elizabeth Drew, Jane Mayer, Mark 
Oppenheimer, Elsa Walsh

News Bites--(202) 723-2477; 1712 Taylor Street NW, Washington DC 20011: 
German Munoz, Goody L. Solomon

Newsweek--(202) 626-2000; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 1220, 
Washington DC 20006: Karen Breslau, Eleanor Clift, Matthew S. Cooper, 
Howard Fineman, Mary Hager, Shirlee Gaines Hoffman, Mark Hosenball, Michael 
Isikoff, Daniel Klaidman, Weston Kosova, Melinda Liu, Ann L. McDaniel, 
William Rafferty, Robert Samuelson, Lucy Shackelford, Gail G. Tacconelli, 
Bill Turque, Gregory L. Vistica, Pat Wingert

Numismatic News--(202) 543-6745; 632 A Street SE, Washington DC 20003: 
Burnett Anderson

Oil & Gas Journal--(202) 662-7040; 943 National Press Building, Washington 
DC 20045: Patrick Crow

Pace Publications--(202) 835-0120; 1900 L Street NW, Suite 312, Washington 
DC 20036: Ronald D. Boyd, Jr., Carey Cauthen, Craig Fischer, Molly R. 
Parrish, Vincent E. Taylor

Pasha Publications--(703) 528-1244; 1616 North Fort Myer Drive, Suite 1000, 
Arlington VA 22209: Harry L. Baisden, Wayne Barber, LaTaunja R. Beale, 
Alexander W. Brideau, Randy Byrd, Barry Cassell, Bowman Cox, Len 
Famiglietti, Michael Foster, Audrey Haar, Beth Herzberger, Michael Hopps, 
Mary S. Liston, Christopher P. Logan, Michael Lustig, Amy Marquardt, Merry 
A. Mayer, Beth McConnell, Katherine P. Muth, Angela Pomponio, Ann 
Roosevelt, Jeffrey W. Schomisch, Theodore Sedgwick, Frank Sietzen, Jeffrey 
E. Stanfield, Sean D. Sullivan, Shawn M. Terry

Penton Publishing--(202) 659-8500; 1350 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 902, 
Washington DC 20036: James A. Donoghue, Susannah Z. Figura, Perry Flint, 
John McClenahen, William H. Miller, Robert Moorman, Douglas Nelms, James P. 
Woolsey

Periodicals News Service--(301) 854-0660; 5460 Harris farm Lane, 
Clarksville MD 21029: Cecelia Blalock, Mary Ann Gatty, Robert C. Gatty

Pharmaceutical Executive--(301) 656-4634; 7715 Rocton Avenue, Chevy Chase 
MD 20815: Jill Wechsler

Phillips Publishing--(301) 340-1520; 1201 Seven Locks Road, Suite 300, 
Potomac MD 20854: Lurdes DaMaia Ambruscato, Seth Arenstein, Sandra Arnoult, 
Cynthia Boeke, Carol L. Bowers, Andrew Braunberg, David J. Bross, Mark A. 
Brousseau, Jane Bryant, Henry T. Canaday, William Carey, Maureen R. Cislo, 
Daniel Cohen, Mary E. Crowley, Stephen Donohue, Christopher A. Driscoll, 
Paul Dykewicz, David Evans, Robustiano Fernandez, Charles Flippen, Ronald 
A. Hudak, Karen S. Huffer, Nicole L. Jackson, Meredith Jordan, Andy Jose, 
Ola Kinnander, Juli Klyce, Clayton Kunz, Eric Laing II, Bernadette Malone, 
Chris McCarter, Kellie M. McIntyre, Reed Miller, Monta Monaco, Heather S. 
Montgomery, Scott Nance, Kerry O'Rourke, Heather Orletsky, John Persinos, 
David W. Robb, Katherine Schuerholz, Sachin Shah, Lee Ann Shay, Sam 
Silverstein, John E. Spofford, Cindy Stevens, Jim Stevenson, Jennifer 
Whalen, Benet J. Wilson, Alexander Zavistovich

Photonics Spectra--(202) 234-3294; 2541 Waterside Drive NW, Washington DC 
20007: Howard Rausch

Physician's Weekly--(202) 783-6521; 1129 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Christina Kent

Political Finance & Lobby Reporter--(703) 525-7227; 2030 Clarendon 
Boulevard, Suite 401, Arlington VA 22201: Edward P. Zuckerman,

Pratt's Letter--(703) 528-0145; 1911 Fort Myer Drive, Suite 308, Arlington 
VA 22209: Eleanor S. Hill, David McF. Stemler

Press Associates--(202) 638-0444; 815 15th Street NW, Suite 1102, 
Washington DC 20005: Dennis B. Doris, Jr., Mark J. Gruenberg

Privacy Times--(202) 829-3660; 1429 Mantague Street NW, Washington DC 
20009: Evan D. Hendricks

Proceso--(202) 393-1966; 986 National Press Building, Washington DC 20045: 
Pascal Beltran-del-rio

Professional Pilot Magazine--(703) 370-0606; 3014 Colvin Street, 
Alexandria, VA 22304; Mark A. Forror

[[Page 1029]]

Progressive Populist--(301) 229-0217; 5220 Wapakoneta Road, Bethesda MD 
20816-3129: James McCarty Yeager

Public Lands News--(202) 638-7529; 1010 Vermont Avenue NW, Suite 708, 
Washington DC 20005: James B. Coffin

Public Utilities Reports--(703) 847-7732; 8229 Boone Boulevard, Suite 401, 
Vienna VA 22182: Lori Burkhart, Phillip S. Cross, Bruce W. Radford, Lori M. 
Rodgers, Joseph F. Schuler, Jr., Elizabeth Striano

Radio & Records--(202) 783-3822; 975 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: Heather Van Slooten, Patrice Wittrig, Jeffrey Yorke

Radio Business Report--(703) 719-9500; 6208-B Old Franconia Road, 
Alexandria VA 22310: Kathryn Bachman, Jack L. Messmer, Leslie P. Stimson

Reader's Digest--(202) 223-9520; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue NW, Washington DC 
20036: Trevor Armbrister, Michael Douglas Barone, Ralph Kinney Bennett, 
Daniel R. Levine, Eugene H. Methvin, William Schulz, Dale Van Atta, Rachel 
Flick Wildavsky

Recall--(301) 460-8821; 14208 Oakvale Street, Rockville MD 20853: William 
McVicker

Reid Publishing Group--(703) 527-5653; 655 15th Street NW, Suite 310, 
Washington DC 20005: Robert R. Blumel

Research Institute of America Group--(202) 393-6449; 1325 G Street NW, 
Suite 410, Washington DC 20005: Susan S. Brooks, William Dunn, Tina Fritz, 
Barbra Golub, Rhodes Henderer, Theresa L Markley, Velma D. Goodwine-
McDermon, Amy Middleton, Anthony Rebora, Dana Roosa, Matthew Tallmer, 
Dennis Tosh

Roll Call--(202) 289-4900; 900 Second Street NE, Suite 107, Washington DC 
20002: Jennifer A. Bradley, Damon Chappie, Juliet Eilperin, David W. 
Farmer, Susan B. Glasser, Ed Henry, Amy M. Keller, Morton M. Kondracke, 
Jane McKee, John Mercurio, David B. Meyers, Benjamin Sheffner, Rachel Van 
Dongen, Craig A. Winneker

Rushford Report--(703) 938-9420; 1718 M Street NW, Suite 364, Washington DC 
20036: Greg Rushford

Satellite Business News--(202) 785-0505; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue NW, Suite 
600, Washington DC 20036: Mary Kristine Hillebrand, Bob Scherman, Jeffrey 
C. Williams

Satellite Orbit--(703) 827-0511,234; 8330 Boone Boulevard, Suite 600, 
Vienna VA 22182: Laura M. Fries, Erin E. Gregory

Science & Government Report--(202) 244-4135; 3736 Kanawha Street NW, 
Washington DC 20015: Daniel S. Greenberg

Science News--(202) 785-2255; 1719 N Street NW, Washington DC 20036: Ron 
Cowen, Kathy A. Fackelmann, Richard Monstersky, Janet Ann Raloff, John 
Travis

Soldier of Fortune--(301) 293-3577; Post Office Box 401, Myersville, MD 
21773: James L. Pate

Stars & Stripes--(301) 486-0839; Post Office Box 624, College Park MD 
20740: John Carroll, Jeffrey H. Epstein, Howard E. Haugerud, Richard 
Maggrett, Mark A. Peterson

Steele Communications--(301) 593-0108; 9922 Tenbrook Drive, Silver Spring 
MD 20901: Zaira Steele

Tax Notes--(703) 533-4400; 6830 North Fairfax Drive, Arlington VA 22213: 
David S. Antonides, Herman P. Ayayo, John C. Bell, Christopher E. Bergin, 
David E. Brunori, Michael E. DeHoff, Ryan J. Donmoyer, Emily Field, Heidi 
Glenn, John Godfrey, Oswald G. Graham, Steven Grodnitzky, Amy Hamilton, 
John F. Iekel, Louis M. Lyons II, Elizabeth Magin, Robert F. Manning, 
Juliann A. Martin, Barton C. Massey, Sean M. O'Brien, Maureen J. Power, 
Cynthia Pullen, Robert S. Ross, Frederick Stokeld, Sheryl Stratton, Martin 
A. Sullivan, Vicky Tsilas, Robert J. Wells, Tamera L. Wells-Lee, Risa 
Williams, David F. Windish, Carolyn Wright

TechNews--(703) 848-2800,133; 8500 Leesburg Pike, Suite 7500, Vienna VA 
22182: Tania Anderson, Shannon Henry, Neil P. Munro

Telecommunications Reports--(202) 842-3006; 1333 H Street NW, Suite 100-
East Tower, Washington DC 20005: John R. Alden, Wanda Avila, George 
Everette Brandon, Christopher J. Dordbek, Michael B. Grebb, Brian Hammond, 
Peter Lucht, Victoria Ann Mason, Matthew C. Petrillo, Lynn E. Stanton, Kim 
Sunderland

Television Broadcast--(703) 521-4187; 716 South Wayne Street, Arlington VA 
22204: Howard Fields

Textile World--(703) 437-4079; 1702 Red Oak Circle, Reston VA 22090: James 
A. Morrissey

The Hill--(202) 628-8500; 733 15th Street NW, Washington DC 20005: Albert 
Eisele, Catherine Eisele, Jock Friedly, Sandy Hume, Eamon Javers, Erika 
Niedowski, Robert E.K. Schlesinger, David Silverberg, Lindsay Sobel, A. B. 
Stoddard, Martin Tolchin, John R. Wagley, Jr.

Thompson Publishing Group--(202) 872-4000; 1725 K Street NW, Suite 700, 
Washington DC 20006: Mary Helen Arthur, Delilah P. Barton, Tina Burnside, 
Ellen Carnevale, Siobhan B. Chamberlin, Mara Cherkasky, Kevin Cuddihy, 
Kimberly C. Cushner, Felicia Day, John C. Dettling, Andrea L. Hall, Luis 
Hernandez, Kevin J. Hogan, Stephen A. Hull, Jerry Lee Kline, Gregory A. 
Krehbiel, Rosemarie Lally, Denise Anne Lamoreaux, Mishelle C. Miller, 
Donald P. Montuori, John Ortman, Christopher Owens, Gretchen Parisi, Licia 
M. Ponzani, Beth Reagan, Elizabeth Jean Sherfy, Lawrence Sherrod, Christine 
M. Simmon, David A. Slaughter, John Allen Smith, William H. Stewart, Jill 
S. Talbot, Susan-Meader Tobias, Gwendolyn C. Vample, Beth Vandegrift, 
Daniel Whitten, Anne Woodworth

[[Page 1030]]

Thoroughbred Times--(804) 457-2713; 1208 Ingleside, McLean VA 22101: Sue 
Lackey

Time Inc.--(202) 463-4000; 1050 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 850, 
Washington DC 20036: Lissa August, Laurence I. Barrett, R. Morris Barrett, 
Jeffrey H. Birnbaum, Ann Blackman, Alicia Brooks, Nina Burleigh, James 
Carney, Garry Clifford, Donald Collins, Jr., John F. Dickerson, Sally 
Donnelly, Ann Reilly Dowd, Brian Doyle, Michael Duffy, Tamala Edwards, Mary 
D. Esselman, Dean E. Fischer, Glenn Garelik, Dan Goodgame, Jerry Hannifin, 
Kathleen J. Hayden, Rochelle Jones, Wendy King, Linda Kramer, Andrew 
Marton, Jef McAllister, Declan McCullagh, Jennifer Mendelsohn, Anne 
Moffett, Thomas H. Moore, Bruce W. Nelan, Caitlin Nobile, Viveca Novak, 
Christopher Ogden, Jane Sims Podesta, Michael Riley, Margery B. Sellinger, 
Neang Seng, Vornida Seng, Elaine Shannon, Hugh S. Sidey, Ann Maria Simmons, 
Ericka J. Souter, Craig Staats, Judith Stoler, Dick Thompson, Mark J. 
Thompson, Karen Tumulty, L. Bruce Van Voorst, Elizabeth Velez, Douglas C. 
Waller, Angela Waters, Michael Weisskopf, Jack E. White, Adam Zagorin

Traffic World--(202) 783-1148; 1230 National Press Building, Washington DC 
20045: David Barnes, Clayton W. Boyce, William B. Cassidy, Gordon Forsyth, 
Kristin S. Krause, Paul Page, Reynolds R. Rast, John D. Schulz

Travel Trade--(703) 451-5130; P. O. Box 2430, Springfield VA 22152: Bob 
Downes

Travel Weekly--(202) 293-5486; 1156 15th Street NW, Washington DC 20005: 
Fran Durbin

Trends Publishing--(202) 393-0031; 1079 National Press Building, Washington 
DC 20045: Arthur Kranish

U. S. Medicine--(202) 463-6000; 1155 21st Street NW, Suite 505, Washington 
DC 20036: Frank M. Best, Jerry Gottlick, Michele Late, Nancy Tomich

U. S. News & World Report--(202) 955-2439; 2400 N Street NW, Washington DC 
20037: Bruce Auster, Ian Baldwin, Julian E. Barnes, Robin Bennefield, 
Gloria Borger, David Brindley, Shannon Brownlee, Josh Chetwynd, William 
James Cook, Susan Dentzer, Jerelyn Eddings, Mel Elfin, David B. Fischer, 
Dorian R. Friedman, Ted Gest, Paul Glastris, Stephen J. Hedges, Katia 
Hetter, Nicholas M. Horrock, Timothy M. Ito, Kent Jenkins, Jr., Brendan I. 
Koerner, Linda Kulman, Louise Joy Lief, Penny Loeb, Mary C. Lord, Margaret 
Mannix, Philippe Moulier, Richard J. Newman, Kenan Pollack, Edward T. 
Pound, Harrison M. Rainie III, Michael John Satchell, Joannie Marie Schrof, 
Joseph P. Shapiro, Joshua Shenk, Nancy Shute, Douglas Stanglin, Jeannye 
Thornton, Thomas Toch, Kenneth T. Walsh, Kevin Whitelaw, David deF. 
Whitman, Leonard Wiener, Gordon Witkin

USA Journal--(703) 379-2520; 5505 Seminary Road, Suite 1312N, Falls Church 
VA 22041: Janne Kum Cha Pak

United Communications Group--(301) 287-2700; 11300 Rockville Pike, Suite 
1100, Rockville MD 20852: Carl Albert Ayers, Diana Engel, Richard D. 
Hadley, Jason Huffman, Sara K. Jackson, Tonya M. Nevin, Michael Peck, 
Charles Pekow, Judith A. Ronningen, Burt Schorr, Elizabeth T. Shapiro, Mary 
E. Spock

Vance Publishing--(202) 662-7221; 855 National Press Building, Washington 
DC 20045: Larry Waterfield

Vanity Fair--(202) 882-1157; 616 Whittier Street NW, Washington DC 20012: 
Marjorie C. Williams

Village Voice--(703) 920-3721; 2818 12th Street, Arlington VA 22204: Tom 
Carson, James Ridgeway

Warren Publishing--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court NW, Washington DC 20037: 
R. Michael Feazel, Michael French, Stephen J. Geimann, Edith Herman, Alicia 
Hunt, Elena L. Lucini, Dawson B. Nail, Stephanie Neuben, Lisa Nicolaysen, 
Patrick C. Ross, Christine Valmassei, Daniel Y. Warren

Washington Blade--(202) 797-7000; 1408 U Street NW, 2nd Floor, Washington 
DC 20009: Kristina K. Campbell, Louis M. Chibbaro, Jr., Wendy Johnson, 
Christopher P. Jones, Lisa Melinda Keen, Colleen Marzec, Brian R. 
O'Connell, Mark Eugene Sullivan, Sheila Walsh

Washington Bond Report--(202) 662-7355; 1290 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: Joseph R. Slevin

Washington Business Information--(703) 247-3424; 1117 North 19th Street, 
Suite 200, Arlington VA 22209: Robert Billings, Sam Cristy, Michael Dolan, 
Richard Hagan, Elizabeth T. Hinkle, Dennis Melamed, Sean Oberle, David 
Swit, Michelle A. Wright

Washington City Paper--(202) 332-2100; 2390 Champlain Street NW, Washington 
DC 20009: Julie Wakefield Albers, Jonetta R. Barras, David Carr, John A. 
Cloud, Ken Cummins, Eddie Dean, Stephanie Mencimer, Amanda Ripley, Thomas 
J. Stabile, Erik Wemple

Washington Counseletter--(202) 244-6709; 5712 26th Street NW, Washington DC 
20015: Angela Kavruck, Samuel Kavruck

Washington Crime News Services--(703) 573-1600; 3918 Prosperity Avenue, 
Suite 318, Fairfax VA 22031: Betty B. Bosarge, Robert H. Feldkamp, Susan 
Mary Kernus, Richard J. O'Connell, Richard J. O'Connell, Jr.

Washington Focus Newsletter--(202) 234-3689; 1529 18th Street NW, 
Washington DC 20036: Erin Reagen

Washington G-2 Reports--(202) 789-1034; 1111 14th Street NW, Suite 500, 
Washington DC 20005: Ellen B. Griffith

Washington Information Source--(301) 770-5553; 6506 Old Stage Road, Suite 
100, Rockville MD 20852: Beth Meyers, Kenneth Reid

Washington Jewish Week--(301) 230-2222; 12300 Twinbrook Parkway, Suite 250, 
Rockville MD 20852: Marcia Kay, Michael Shapiro, Jordana Willner

[[Page 1031]]

Washington New Observer--(301) 657-1966; 5101 River Road, Suite 1204, 
Potomac MD 20854: Anne Orleans

Washington Remote Sensing Letter--(202) 393-3640; 1057-B National Press 
Building, Washington DC 20045: Murray Felsher

Washington Service Bureau--(202) 508-0600; 655 15th Street NW, Suite 270, 
Washington DC 20005: April Anderson, John F. Atwood, Nathalie Auer, Lisa J. 
Baratta, Carla Fenwick, Susan Kavanagh, Hugh John Kennedy, Jacquelyn Lumb, 
Matthew D. McVeigh, Matthew J. Merrick

Washington Trade Daily--(301) 946-0817; 2104 National Press Building, 
Washington DC 20045: James R. Berger

Washingtonian--(202) 296-3600; 1828 L Street NW, Suite 200, Washington DC 
20036: Charles N. Conconi, Kim I. Eisler, Vera Glaser, Harry S. Jaffe, 
Barbara Matusow, Howard B. Means, Alicia Mundy

Waterways Journal--(703) 524-2490; 5220 North Carlin Springs Road, 
Arlington VA 22203-1307: Carlo J. Salzano

Webster Communications--(703) 525-4512; 1530 North Key Boulevard, PH2, 
Arlington VA 22209: James C. Webster

Weekly Standard--(202) 293-4900; 1150 17th Street NW, Suite 505, Washington 
DC 20036: David Brooks, Christopher Caldwell, Tucker Carlson, Andrew 
Ferguson, Matt Labash, Matthew Rees

Wireless Week--(202) 393-0951; 1511 K Street NW, Suite 1157, Washington DC 
20005: Caron Carlson

Workforce Development Resource--(703) 690-6092; 8289 Bark Tree Court, 
Springfield VA 22153: Marcy L. Smith

World Trade--(202) 393-5130; 1010 Vermont Avenue NW, Suite 721, Washington 
DC 20005: James L. Srodes

Yellow Dog Democrat--(202) 728-7576; P. O. Box 65538, Washington DC 20035: 
Jeffrey L. Winograd

Yomiuri America--(703) 525-0576; 2100 Lee Highway, Suite 524, Arlington VA 
22201: Yoshio Hotta

[[Page 1032]]



