

Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997. - 


Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997.
[Page 531]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]



                          COURT OF IMPEACHMENT

    The Senate has sat as a Court of Impeachment in the cases of the 
following accused officials, with the result stated, for the periods 
named:

    WILLIAM BLOUNT, a Senator of the United States from Tennessee; 
charges dismissed for want of jurisdiction: Monday, December 17, 1798, 
to Monday, January 14, 1799.
    JOHN PICKERING, judge of the United States district court for the 
district of New Hampshire; removed from office; Thursday, March 3, 1803, 
to Monday, March 12, 1804.
    SAMUEL CHASE, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United 
States; acquitted; Friday, November 30, 1804, to Friday, March 1, 1805.
    JAMES H. PECK, judge of the United States district court for the 
district of Missouri; acquitted; Monday, April 26, 1830, to Monday, 
January 31, 1831.
    WEST H. HUMPHREYS, judge of the United States district court for the 
middle, eastern, and western districts of Tennessee; removed from 
office; Wednesday, May 7, 1862, to Thursday, June 26, 1862.
    ANDREW JOHNSON, President of the United States; acquitted; Tuesday, 
February 25, 1868, to Tuesday, May 26, 1868.
    WILLIAM W. BELKNAP, Secretary of War; acquitted; Friday, March 3, 
1876, to Tuesday, August 1, 1876.
    CHARLES SWAYNE, judge of the United States district court for the 
northern district of Florida; acquitted; Wednesday, December 14, 1904, 
to Monday, February 27, 1905.
    ROBERT W. ARCHBALD, associate judge, United States Commerce Court; 
removed from office; Saturday, July 13, 1912, to Monday, January 13, 
1913.
    GEORGE W. ENGLISH, judge of the United States district court for the 
eastern district of Illinois; resigned office November 4, 1926; Court of 
Impeachment adjourned to December 13, 1926, when, on request of House 
managers, impeachment proceedings were dismissed.
    HAROLD LOUDERBACK, judge of the United States district court for the 
northern district of California; acquitted; Monday, May 15, 1933, to 
Wednesday, May 24, 1933.
    HALSTED L. RITTER, judge of the United States district court for the 
southern district of Florida; removed from office; Monday, April 6, 
1936, to Friday, April 17, 1936.
    HARRY E. CLAIBORNE, judge of the United States district court of 
Nevada; removed from office; Tuesday, October 7, 1986, to Thursday, 
October 9, 1986.
    ALCEE L. HASTINGS, judge of the United States district court for the 
southern district of Florida; removed from office; Wednesday, October 
18, 1989, to Friday, October 20, 1989.
    WALTER L. NIXON, judge of the U.S. district court for the southern 
district of Mississippi; removed from office; Wednesday, November 1, 
1989, to Friday, November 3, 1989.


[[Page 532]]



