

Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997. - 


Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997.
[Pages 970-1003]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]




             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

Director.--Lawrence J. Janezich.
      Assistant Directors:
Jane Ruyle
Diane Lane
Michael Mastrian
Gloria Halcomb

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

Director.--Tina Tate.
  Assistant Directors:
Beverly Braun
Gail Davis
Olga Ramirez
Andrew Elias
Erik LeBlanc

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Victor Ratner, ABC News, 
                                                Chairman
                                            Joe Johns, NBC News
                                            Jim Mills, Fox News Channel
                                            Dave McConnell, WTOP Radio
                                            Brian Naylor, National 
                                                Public Radio
                                            Keith B. Plummer, Hearst 
                                                Broadcasting
                                            Evelyn Thomas, CBS News
                               __________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of Senate wing of the Capitol. Applicants 
shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, television 
stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which they are 
employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, if any. 
Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in the 
prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information to any organization, individual, 
or group of individuals for the influencing of prices on any commodity 
or stock exchange; that they will not do so during the time they retain 
membership in the galleries. Holders of visitors' cards who may be 
allowed temporary admission to the galleries must conform to all the 
restrictions of this paragraph.
    2. It shall be prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the Radio and Television 
Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant conforms to the foregoing 
regulations.

[[Page 971]]

    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                              Newt Gingrich,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                John Warner,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 972]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abdul-Jawad, Walid: Middle East Broadcasting

Abernethy, Robert: Freelance

Abid, Rod M.: National Public Radio

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Abshaw, W.H.: Freelance

Acevedo, Victor Ed.: Fox News Channel

Ackerman, Thomas: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Adams, Barbara: Reuters

Adams, Douglas: ABC News

Adams, James M.: NBC4

Adams, Jamile: NBC News

Adelman, Staci: Tribune Broadcasting

Adlerblum, Robin C.: ABC News

Adrine, Lynne: ABC News

Affens, Steven C.: WJLA-TV

Ahlers, Michael M.: CNN

Ahmann, Timothy D.: Freelance

Ahn, Jaehoon: Radio Free Asia

Aiken, Elizabeth: C-SPAN

Aiken, Jonathan F.: CNN

Aizenman, Nurith: CNN

Akinan, Ibrahim: InterStar TV

Alan, Bruce: WTOP Radio

Al Haj, Talal: Min Washington, Inc.

Albano, Thomas: Freelance

Albert, Joel R.: Freelance

Albor, Teresa: APTV-Associated Press

Alexander, Constantin: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Alexander, Kenny: C-SPAN

Alexander, Leo: NBC4

Alexander, Scott J.: Fox News Channel

Alfredson, Rick: Airwaves, Inc.

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Greg: National Public Radio

Allen, Mark: CNN

Allen, Robert: CBN News

Allen, Victoria: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Allison, Lynn: WETA-TV

Allmond, Douglas: ABC News

Allyn, Karen: Cable News 21

Almanza, Armando: Ventana Productions

Althage, Robert Y.: WUSA-TV

Altman, Kyoko: CNN

Alvey, Jay: NBC4

Ambrose, Nancy J.: ABC News

Amirault, Theresa L.: C-SPAN

Ammerman, Stuart A.: Freelance

Anastasi, Patrick G.: NBC News

Anderson, Bradley C.: Potomac Television

Anderson, Scott J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Anderson, Shawn: WTOP Radio

Andres, Chiara: C-SPAN

Andrews, Wyatt: CBS News

Angle, James L.: Fox News Channel

Anstey, Christopher: TV Asahi

Aoki, Toshiko: TV Tokyo Channel 12, Ltd.

Apokis, Dimitrios: Greek Television-Radio

Ardin, Milagros: WMAL Radio

Arena, Kelli: CNN

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Arestad, Anders: Freelance

Aretakis, Nick: C-SPAN

Argueta, Iris J.: NewsChannel 8

Armfield, Robert Ward: PTSC/CNN

Armstrong, Patricia: Freelance

Armstrong, Phyllis: WUSA-TV

Armstrong, Richard: WUSA-TV

Armstrong, Robert: CBS News

Arnold, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Arobaga, Mary: WINGSPAN

Arraf, Jane: Reuters Television

Arrington, Percy: NBC News

Arteage, Niurka: USIA/TV Marti

Ashe, James F.: Freelance

Asher, Julie: Fox News Channel

Assamann, Karin B.: Spiegel TV/Germany

Atkinson, Rodney Seth: PTSC/CNN

Attkisson, Sharyl: CBS News

Atwell, Laura M.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Aubrey, Allison D.: Channel Earth

Aubuchon, John: Freelance

Augenbraum, Marc: APTV-Associated Press

Augenstein, Neal: United Press International

Autry, Jeffery L.: NBC News Channel

Avellino, Jennifer: CNN

Avery, John C.: Black Entertainment Television

Avery-Brown, Verna: Pacifica Radio News

Babarovic, Christina: ABC News

Bacheler, David F.: PTSC/CNN

Badden, David M.: Radio Free Asia

Bae, Jeanie: WTOP Radio

Baer, Jonathan: National Public Radio

Bagnall, Thomas J.: Court TV

Bagnato, Barry: CBS News

Bail, Rachael: Voice of America

Bailey, Becky: Mutual/NBC Radio

Bailey, Douglas: C-SPAN

Bailey, Julia Holmes: National Public Radio

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

[[Page 973]]

Baker, Glenn: America's Defense Monitor

Baker, Les: Cox Broadcasting

Baker, Russell M.: Freelance

Ball, Anne G.: Fox News Channel

Ballou, Jeff: CONUS Communications

Balsamo, Jimmy: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Baltimore, Dennis: PTSC/CNN

Bamfield, Louise: APTV-Associated Press

Banes, Hildegard: ORF-Austrian Radio and TV

Banker, Stephen: Comm*Tech News

Banks, Mark: ABC News

Banks-Wilson, Katherine: NBC4

Bannigan, Michael: PTSC/CNN

Banville, Lee M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Barger, Brian: CNN

Barlett, Cameron C.: Freelance

Barlett, Scott: Freelance

Barnett, Amanda: AP-Broadcast

Baron, Jeffery: AP-Broadcast

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barrows, Jessica: Fox News Channel

Barry, Calvin: WETA-TV

Barton, Bruce: Reuters Television

Bascom, Jon: ABC News

Basu, Arin: Radio Free Asia

Batten, Rodney Sims: NBC News

Bauer, John H.: ABC News

Bauley, Patrick: PTSC/CNN

Baumann, Robert: Professional Video Services

Beall, Gary Glenn: NBC News

Beall, Joni: AP-Broadcast

Beard, Robert E.: Washington News Network

Beardsley, Eleanor: TF1-French Television

Beaudin, E. Robert: Worldnet - U.S.I.A TV

Beck, Joanne: NBC4

Becker, Bruce C.: Fox News Channel

Becker, Frank: CBN News

Becker, Michelle: Airwaves, Inc.

Beckford, Edward M.: Washington News Network

Beckman, Patricia N.: APTV-Associated Press

Beery, Nicholas P.: Deutsche Welle German Television

Begleiter, Ralph J.: CNN

Behrens, Thad: Nippon TV Network

Belcher, Christopher: Min Washington, Inc.

Bell, Bradley S.: WJLA-TV

Bell, Karen: Washington News Network

Bellis, Michael: PTSC/CNN

Bellman, Charles: Pyramid National Pressport

Bender, Bob: ABC News

Bender, Sharon: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Benjoar, Maurice: Worldnet-U.S.I.A TV

Bennett, Carol: Washington-Alabama News Report

Bennett, Shepard B.: C-SPAN

Bensen, Jackie: WTTG-Fox Television

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Bergen, Peter: CNN

Berger, Catherine A.: ABC News

Berk, Jay: C-SPAN

Berko, Arthur: NBC News

Berman, David Steven: PTSC/CNN

Bernstein, Tracy: Airwaves, Inc.

Berry, Paul L.: WJLA-TV

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Bettag, Thomas: ABC News

Bevis, Mark R.: Pacifica Radio News

Beyer, Kevin: Freelance

Biemann, Barbara: RTL Television Germany

Bierbauer, Charles: CNN

Billmann, Christian: Radio France International

Bilotta, John J.: ABC News

Binder, Robin: Court TV

Bintrim, Tim: PTSC/CNN

Birnholtz, Jeremy: Medill News Service

Bisney, John: CNN

Blackburn, Regina Allen: NBC News

Blackman, Jay Allan: NBC News

Blackman, Keith: NBC News

Blakeslee, Carol: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Blakey, Rea: WJLA-TV

Blanchet, Sharon: British Broadcasting

Blandburg, Victor R.: WJLA-TV

Blaustein, Evan: Image Television

Blaylock, Kenneth L.: ABC News

Blitzer, Wolf: CNN

Block, Kenan S.: NBC News

Blocker, Glay L.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Bloom, David Jerome: NBC News

Bloom, Herb: NBC News Stations Division

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

Blount, Jeffrey: NBC News

Blust, Stephen S.: Televisio De Catalunya

Boag, Keith: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Bodenheimer, Carey: CNN

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bodnar, John: PTSC/CNN

Boggs, Mae Beth: NBC News Channel

Bohannon, Camille: AP-Broadcast

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Boilen, Bob: National Public Radio

Bolderson, Claire: British Broadcasting

Bonilla, Angelina: Washington Bureau News Service

Boozer, Diane T.: WJLA-TV

Borniger, Charles F.: German Television/ARD

Borniger, Herta: German Television/ARD

Borzage, Frank E.: F.E.B. Video Productions

Boskent, Amanda: C-SPAN

Bostwich, Stephen: Professional Video Service

Bottorf, Harry: WETA-TV

Boughton, Brian: Fox News Channel

Bowden, John J.: WJLA-TV

Bowen, Timothy: WETA-TV

Bowman, Michael C.: Voice of America

Box, Brenda: CBS News

Boyd, Forrest J.: United News and Information

[[Page 974]]

Boyd, Janet: Fox News Channel

Boyd, John D.: NBC News

Boyd, Wayne F.: Freelance

Boyer, Robert D.: NBC News

Boyle, Molly A.: Fox News Channel

Boyne, Walter J.: Wingspan Network-Aviation News

Braatz, Matthew: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Bradley, Barbara: National Public Radio

Bradley, Carlotta L.: AP-Broadcast

Brady, Monica: Christian Monitor Radio

Bragale, Charles: NBC4

Branche, Glennwood: ABC News

Bratton, Michael G.: WUSA-TV

Braver, Rita: CBS News

Brawner, Donald: WETA-TV

Braxton, Monique: NewsChannel 8

Brechner, Daniel: Washington-Alabama News Report

Breed, Richard: Freelance

Breiterman, Charles L.: ABC News

Brender, Mark E.: ABC News

Brice, Shirley R.: Tribune Broadcasting

Brislin, Ray: Dutch Television

Brock, Alan Matthew: NewsChannel 8

Brod, Constance D.: C-SPAN

Broder, Jonathan: National Public Radio

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Brook, Rovenia M.: Black Entertainment Television

Brooks, Randall: CBN News

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Brosius, Teddy: Freelance

Brosnan, John E.: The Washington Bureau

Brothers, Lloyd R.: NBC4

Brown, Almadale: NBC News Channel

Brown, Clayton: MSNBC Pro

Brown, Dwight B.: Freelance

Brown, Edgar: Fox News Channel

Brown, Henry Metric: ABC News

Brown, Jeffrey: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Larry: AP-Broadcast

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Tracey Ann: APTV-Associated Press

Brownstein, Craig: C-SPAN

Brumbaugh, Kathleen M.: Professional Video Services

Bruno, Harold R.: ABC News

Bryan, Beverly: WJLA-TV

Bryn, Ingvilo: Norwegian Broadcasting

Buckhorn, Burke: PTSC/CNN

Buffington, Ann N.: APTV-Associated Press

Buhrow, Tom: German Television/ARD

Bullock, Peter: Reuters

Bundles, A'Lelia: ABC News

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Burch, Kevin: C-SPAN

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burke, Beverly: WUSA-TV

Burnett, David: WTTG-Fox Television

Bury, Chris: ABC News

Buschschlueter, Nicholas: Deutsche Welle German Television

Buschschluter, Siegfried: Deutschland Radio

Bushyhead, Julia: CONUS Communications

Butler, Allison: Global TV Canada

Butler, Debra Jean: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Butrick, Lesley: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Buzenberg, William E.: National Public Radio

Byrd, David: C-SPAN

Byrne, Matthew: CNN

Cable, Paul: PTSC/CNN

Cagle, Steven: NewsChannel 8

Calhoun, Timothy F.: Tribune Broadcasting

Calo-Christianson, Nancy: C-SPAN

Cameron, Carl: Fox News Channel

Camp, Joseph: WETA-TV

Campbell, Barbara: National Public Radio

Campbell, Cynthia L.: CBS News

Campbell, Jean: Reuters Television

Canizales, Cesar A.: Worldwide Television News

Canter, William M.: Freelance

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Caravello, David: CBS News

Carden, Elizabeth: ABC News

Cardwell, Samuel: NBC News

Carey, Julie: NBC4

Carline, Windall: National Public Radio

Carlson, Chris: ABC News

Carlson, Mark: AP-Broadcast

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Television

Carney, Keith: Federal Network, Inc.

Carpel, Michael: Fox News Channel

Carpenter, Stephen: C-SPAN

Carter, Amanda E.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Carter, Hodding: MainStreet Productions

Carter, Kelly M.: Black Entertainment Television

Cassells, Andy: Cox Broadcasting

Cassidy, David Martin: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Castillo, Sharon: USIA/TV Marti

Castner, Edward R.: Finnish Broadcasting

Castrilli, Anthony M.: WUSA-TV

Castro, Margarita: Catholic University of Chile Television

Catrett, David K.: Freelance

Celarier, Karl B.: Pyramid National Pressport

Centanni, Steve: Fox News Channel

Cerletty, Marie: ITN of London

Cha, Eugene: National Public Radio

Chaggaris, Steven: C-SPAN

Chamberlain, Richard: Tribune Broadcasting

Chamberlayne, Pye: United Press International

Champ, Henry S.: Canadian Broadcasting Corp.

Chandonnet, Bridget A.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

[[Page 975]]

Chang, Hyunju: ABC News

Chapman, Irwin M.: Bloomberg Business News

Charbonneau, Melissa: CBN News

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chase, Karen: AP-Broadcast

Chatterjee, Sumana: Freelance

Chavez, Miguel A.: Telemundo/WZGS-64

Chen, Huiyi: Radio Free Asia

Chen, Li-Hung: Video News Service

Chernenkoff, Kelly: Fox News Channel

Chester, Allen J.: Zolcer-TV (German TV)

Chi-jou Ku, Jill: Radio Free Asia

Chia-Chi Lu, Annie: Chinese Television Network

Chou, Jennifer: Radio Free Asia

Chrisco, Julie: ESPN

Christian, George: CBS News

Chung, Chen-Fang: Chinese Television System

Chung, Patrice: Fox News Channel

Cinca, Silvia: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Clancy, Martin: ABC News

Clapman, Leah: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Clark, C. Jaci: Black Entertainment Television

Clark, Jim: C-SPAN

Clark, Robert: ABC News

Clark, Theodore E.: National Public Radio

Clarke, Jim: WJLA-TV

Clarke, John: Reuters Television

Clayton, Cassandra: NBC News

Clemann, William J.: WUSA-TV

Clemente, Michael: CNN

Cloherty, Jack: NBC News

Clough, W.C. (Bill): United Press International

Clugstson, Gregory W.: SRN News/Standard News

Coates, Judith Ann: WJLA-TV

Cochran, Jean: National Public Radio

Cochran, John: ABC News

Cockerham, Richard: Fox News Channel

Cocklin, Anne: Freelance

Cocklin, Stephen: Freelance

Coffman, Mary B.: Medill News Service

Cofske, Harvey: Professional Video Services

Cogan, Amie: C-SPAN

Cohan, Stacey L.: Community Television of Prince George's

Cohen, Aaron Stuart: Freelance

Cohen, Daniel: NBC4

Cohen, Jill: WTOP Radio

Cohen, Jonathan: Metro Teleproductions Inc.

Cohen, Josh: C-SPAN

Cohen, Stuart: British Broadcasting

Colbert, Ron: United Press International

Colby, Alfred: CBS News

Cole, Bryan: Fox News Channel

Cole, Kathryn: C-SPAN

Cole, Thomas C.: National Public Radio

Cole, William: WJLA-TV

Coleman, Korva: National Public Radio

Coleman, Steven E.: AP-Broadcast

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce: C-SPAN

Collins, Pat: NBC4

Collins, Sean: National Public Radio

Collins, Tracey: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Conan, Neal J.: National Public Radio

Conanan, Ann: Image Television

Conlin, Sheila: NBC News Channel

Connor, James T.: CNN

Connor, William S.D.: Hearst Broadcasting

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conrad, Jeffrey A.: C-SPAN

Conrad, Monique: Washington News Network

Contreras, Jorge: Univision News

Contreras, Lalnie: AP-Broadcast

Cook, James: PTSC/CNN

Cook, Leslie: National Public Radio

Cooke, Carol Anne: Freelance

Coolidge, Richard: ABC News

Cooper, John M.: Image Television

Cooper, Kyle: WTOP Radio

Cooper, Rebecca: CNN

Corbey, Robert: ABC News

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Corum, Paul H.: CBS News

Cosby, Rita: Fox News Channel

Costantini, Bob: CONUS Communications

Coudoux, Sylvain: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Coughlin, Daniel: Pacifica Radio News

Coulter, Pam: CBS Radio

Courson, Paul: Dow Jones Television

Couvillion, Ronald L.: PTSC/CNN

Cowherd, Nayada L.: WTTG-Fox Television

Cox, Lisa Diane: WJLA-TV

Craley, Norman: WETA-TV

Cram, Christopher: NBC News Channel

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Craven, William: National Public Radio

Crawford, Robert: ABC News

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV

Crawley, Craig: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Crawley, Plummer: CONUS Communications

Creekmore, Bobby Steve: Freelance

Cremedas, A.E.: ABC News

Crenshaw, Elizabeth: NBC4

Crosariol, Paul M.: Community Television of Prince George's

Crosswhite, Karla: CNN

Crowley, Candy Alt: CNN

Crowley, Dennis: United News and Information

Crowley, Lauren: Fox News Channel

Crutchfield, Curtis A.: Community Television of Prince George's

Cruze, Elizabeth V.: NBC News

Crystal, Lester M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Cucinello, Francene: Freelance

Cue, Eduardo: Televisa-Eco Television

[[Page 976]]

Cullen, Patrick: ABC News

Cummings, Bruce: NBC News

Cunningham, Anthony: Freelance

Cuong Gia, Pham: CBS News

Cupp, Stephen: Freelance

Curley, Ann J.: CNN

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curtis, Mark: Cox Broadcasting

Cutlip, Kerry Arden: WJLA-TV

Cyr, Emily: WUSA-TV

Czechowski, Julie: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

D'Amico, Daniele: APTV-Associated Press

D'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

Dadgar, Maria C.: Native American Television

Dakis, Lynn: NBC News

Dalton, Lynn M.: British Broadcasting

Dames, Sabrina: Black Entertainment Television

Dancy, Christopher: NBC News Channel

Daniel, Roger: PTSC/CNN

Daniels, Brady G.: NBC News

Daouda, Guisset: Washington Bureau News Service

Darya, Folson: WTTG-Fox Television

Daschle, Kelly: APTV-Associated Press

Date, Jack: CNN

Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

Daugherty, Jeffery S.: Worldnet-U.S.I.A TV

Daughtery, Laura Gene: Black Entertainment Television

Davalos, Anna: NBC4

Davenport, Anne Azzi: ABC News

David, Michael M.: PTSC/CNN

Davieaud, Helene: TF1-French Television

Davis, Clinton F.: WTTG-Fox Television

Davis, Harry: NBC4

Davis, James W.: Court TV

Davis, Karla: ABC News

Davis, Pamela: WJLA-TV

Davis, Patricia A.: CNN

Davis, Patrick Alan: CNN

Davis, Phillip: National Public Radio

Davis, Rebecca A.: National Public Radio

Davis, Richard: CNN

Davy, Ernest: ABC News

Day, Richard A.: WTOP Radio

DeFrehn, Raymond C.: Professional Video Services

DeMark, Michael A.: Freelance

DeMoss, Gary S.: Freelance

DePuyt, Bruce: NewsChannel 8

DeVaney, Terri: Professional Video Services

deVogue, Driane: ABC News

DeWitt, Terry: ABC News

Dean, Walter C.: CBS News

Decker, Jonathan P.: Nightly Business Report

Delboni, Chris: Bandeirantes Network-Brazil

Dennis, Derricke M.: WTTG-Fox Television

Derrick, Deborah: C-SPAN

Dessauer, Carin: CNN

Deutsch, David: WETA-TV

Deutschman, Scott: WTTG-Fox Television

Devoney, Steve: C-SPAN

DiBacco, Tom: ABC News

DiBella, Richard B.: Fox News Channel

DiMarco, Joseph: USIA/TV Marti

Dickie, Mary Theresa: NewsChannel 8

Dieguez, Antonio: USIA/TV Marti

Diel, Heike: German Television/ZDF

Dillon, Arlene: CBS News

Dillon, Estel: NBC News Stations Division

Dimassimo, Rick: Native American Television

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Dixson, Charles H.: Freelance

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV

Dodson, Richard E.: NBC News

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Donald, William: Freelance

Donaldson, Jameela: NBC News

Donaldson, Sam: ABC News

Dong, Jun: China Radio International

Dong, Zhenbang: China Radio International

Doniger, Joan: WMAL Radio

Donovan, Kerry: NBC News

Donovan, Mary Ellen: WJLA-TV

Donvan, John: ABC News

Dore, Margaret: NBC News Stations Division

Dore, Robert E.: National Public Radio

Dorman, William G.: CNN

Dorn, Jason M.: Professional Video Services

Dorsee, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Dougherty, Jill M.: CNN

Dougherty, Paul G.: Freelance

Douglass, Linda Diane: ABC News

Douglass, Sheila: Black Entertainment Television

Downey, Sharon: Medill News Service

Downhower, Laura: German Television/ZDF

Doyle, Geoffrey: NBC News

Drake, Bruce: National Public Radio

Drew, Catherine: London News Radio

Drew, Kathleen: ABC News

Driscoll, Barbara: The Blackwell Corporation

Drizin, Julie: Pacifica Radio News

Drum, Jonathan E.: Providence Journal Broadcasting

DuBach, Michele: National Public Radio

Dubinsky, Vladimir: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Dudley, Don: Wingspan Network-Aviation News

Dukehart, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Dukert, Betty Cole: NBC News

Dunbar, Dennis: Wireless Data Systems

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Dunlavey, Thomas J.: CNN

Dunmire, John P.: WTTG-Fox Television

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Broadcasting

Durham, Deborah: Univision News

Durham, Lisa R.: CNN

Durham, Timothy J.: PTSC/CNN

[[Page 977]]

Duvall, James: Fox News Channel

Dyer, Lois: CBS News

Ebinger, Jonathan: ABC News

Echols, Jerry L.: Fox News Channel

Eck, Christina: Freelance

Eckhardt, Ralph: Voice of America

Edouard, Perrin: TF1-French Television

Edwards, Bob: National Public Radio

Edwards, Bruce: Fox News Channel

Edwards, Catherine: Salem Radio Network

Egy-Rose, Christine: NBC News

Eiras Arlene: WTOP Radio

Eisenbarth, Ronald Ray: Bonneville International Corp.

Eisenhuth, Alfred Scott: Freelance

El-Bardicy, Thabet: Middle East Broadcasting

Eldred, Mary: Reuters Television

Eldridge, James W.: ABC News

Elgart, Joanne L.: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Elkins, Brenda: PTSC/CNN

Ellard, Nancy: NBC News Channel

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Elliott, John P.: EO Dutch TV and Radio

Ellis, Alyne: National Public Radio

Ellison, Don: WUSA-TV

Elvington, Glenn: Fisher Broadcasting

Encinas, Alvaro: Univision News

Endo, Katsuichi: TV Asahi

Engberg, Eric: CBS News

Engel, Dagmar E.H.: Deutsche Welle German Television

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Erbe, Bonnie G.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Erlenborn, Dan: NBC News

Ernst, Charlotte: TV2 Denmark

Esler, Carol: AP-Broadcast

Espinoza, Ana: Univision News

Esposito, Michael J.: NewsChannel 8

Estrada, Peter: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Etter, Alan: WTOP Radio

Ewing, Samara M.: WUSA-TV

Fabic, Gregory: C-SPAN

Farkas, Daniel: C-SPAN

Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

Farley, James T.: WTOP Radio

Farnsworth, Amanda Jane: British Broadcasting

Farnsworth, Elizabeth: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Faw, Robert D.: NBC News

Feather, Richard: Professional Video Services

Feig, Christy: CNN

Feinstein, Debra B.: WTOP Radio

Feist, Sam E.: CNN

Felcyn, George: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Feldman, Clifford: Fox News Channel

Feldman, Elizabeth: NBC4

Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

Felger, Jonathan: Bloomberg Business News

Fendley, Gail: Freelance

Ferder, Bruce: Fox News Channel

Fernandez, Marlene: CNN

Ferrante, Robert: National Public Radio

Fessler, Pam: National Public Radio

Fetzer, Robert: Professional Video Services

Fiddle, Joan: Fox News Channel

Field, Andrew: WABC-ABC NewsOne

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Figueroa, Luis: CBS Telenoticias

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Findlay, Chad: Gancie Television, Inc.

Finley, Robert: NBC News

Firestone, Richard: Voice of America

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fisher, Tobias: CTV Television Network

Flannery, Amy: Freelance

Fleischman, Philip: SRN News/Standard News

Flintoff, Corey: National Public Radio

Flood, Geoffrey: NewsChannel 8

Flores, Cesar: Cox Broadcasting

Flug, Carla: National Narrowcast Network

Fluty, Steve: APTV-Associated Press

Foellmer, Kristin N.: Deutsche Welle German Television

Fogarty, Kevin: NBC News Channel

Fogelson, Marianne: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Foley, Erin: The Blackwell Corporation

Foley, Kevin Paul: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Foley, Rita M.: AP-Broadcast

Folson, Darya: WTTG-Fox Television

Font, Silvia: USIA/TV Marti

Forbes, Roy: Potomac Television

Forcey, Diane J.: ABC News

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV

Ford, Michael: Freelance

Forman, David: NBC News

Formica, Salvatore: NBC News

Forner, James E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Forrest, James M.: NBC4

Foster-Dotson, Donna: Black Entertainment Television

Foty, Tom: WTOP Radio

Fouhy, Beth: CNN

Foundas, John David: Tribune Broadcasting

Fowler, Stephanie: Potomac Television

Fox, Peter H.: Reuters Television

Frame, John A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Francis, Betty: Freelance

Francis, Fredrick N.: NBC News

Frank, Patrick: TV Tokyo Channel 12, Ltd.

Frankel, Bruce: TF1-French Television

Franken, Robert: CNN

Fraser, Jr., Wilfred R.: NBC News

Free, Elissa Blake: CNN

Freeman, James B.: The Blackwell Corporation

[[Page 978]]

Freeman, Jane M.: The Blackwell Corporation

Freeman, Neal: The Blackwell Corporation

Freitas, Rosemary: NBC News

French, F. Patrick: Freelance

Freund, Eugen A.: ORF-Austrian Radio and TV

Fridrich, George: NBC News

Fridrich, George E.: CONUS Communications

Friedenberg, Joan M.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Friedman, David: Freelance

Frix, Stephanie: Court TV

Froseth, Gary: WTOP Radio

Frost, Nicola: Ventana Productions

Fry, Jim: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Fryer, Alan: CTV Television Network

Fuchs, Joanne: CNN

Fuller, Karen: NBC News Stations Division

Furlong, Timothy: NBC News

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furman, Hal E.: CBS News

Fuse, Yuko: Nippon TV Network

Fuss, Brian: WJLA-TV

Fuss, Robert J.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Gabala, Rick: C-SPAN

Gabriel, Oscar Wells: AP-Broadcast

Gaffney, Brian: NBC News

Gaffney, Dennis: Wingspan Network-Aviation News

Gahagan, Kendra: NBC News

Gaito, Vincent: ABC News

Galdabini, Christian: Fox News Channel

Gale, Morgan: National Narrowcast Network

Gallaher, John J.: ABC News

Gallay, Jennifer B.: CONUS Communications

Gamble, William: NBC4

Gancie, Vincent M.: Gancie Television, Inc.

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Gao, Jun: China Central Television

Garay, German: Mobile Video Services

Garcia, Edith: USIA/TV Marti

Garcia, Michelle: Pacifica Radio News

Gardner, Cy: Washington News Network

Gardner-Johnson, Regina: C-SPAN

Garofalo, Michael A.: CBN News

Garraty, Timothy C.: PTSC/CNN

Garrett, Julie Kirtz: Hearst Broadcasting

Garske, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gasque, Steve: Cox Broadcasting

Gately, Jim: CONUS Communications

Gates, Gregory S.: Potomac Television

Gato, Pablo: CBS Telenoticias

Gauger, Thomas: United Press International

Gavin, Kristy: British Broadcasting

Gavin, Paul C.: Airwaves, Inc.

Gebhardt, William A.: NBC News

Gelb, Amos: CNN

Gelfman, Andrew: Washington News Network

Genter, Joyce: C-SPAN

Gentilo, Richard S.: APTV-Associated Press

George, Deborah: National Public Radio

George, Maurice: PTSC/CNN

Gerlach, George R.: ABC News

Gerosa, Pietro: Swiss Broadcasting Corp.

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Gerstein, Joshua A.: ABC News

Geutzier, Doreen: NBC4

Giacomo, John: Washington News Network

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbs, Lura Annette: Black Entertainment Television

Gibbs, Richard T.: Black Entertainment Television

Gibson, Jr., Frank L.: NBC News

Giebel, Edward: Freelance

Gildea, Maria: C-SPAN

Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA-TV

Gill, Jacqueline: C-SPAN

Gillan, Jennifer: WTTG-Fox Television

Gillette, David: WETA-TV

Gilley, Robert: PTSC/CNN

Gilliam, Gordon: Freelance

Gilmour, Sandy: NBC News

Ginebra, Nelson: NBC News

Ginsberg, Judah: CNN

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Girshman, Peggy: National Public Radio

Giusto, Thomas: ABC News

Gjelten, Tom: National Public Radio

Glass, R. Pat: Freelance

Glassman, James: The Blackwell Corporation

Glennon, John: Freelance

Glynn, William: NBC News Channel

Goble, Paul: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Gold, Lawrence: Washington News Network

Gold, Peter: Fuji Television

Gold, Walter L.: Washington News Network

Goldblatt, Jeff: King Broadcasting

Goldfein, Michael: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Goldman, Jeff: CBS News

Goldman, Wendy A.: The Berns Bureau

Goldstein, Stephanie: CNN

Goler, Wendell: Fox News Channel

Gomez, Augusto: Fox News Channel

Gonzalez, Carlos A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Gomez-Boix, Amaro: USIA/TV Marti

Goodknight, Charles: NewsChannel 8

Goodman, Amy: Pacifica Radio News

Goodman, Susan: Marketplace Radio

Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

Gordon, Chris: Court TV

Gordon, Patrice: C-SPAN

Gordon, Stuart O.: ABC News

Gorin, Timothy: NBC News

Gorman, James: APTV-Associated Press

Gordon, Herbert J.: Court TV

Gorsky, Edward D.: NBC News

Gorsline Amgjean: The News Hour with Jim Lehrer

[[Page 979]]

Gottlieb, Brian: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Gottlieb, Carl: WJLA-TV

Goulding, Dave: Freelance

Gourdie, Bryant C.: CONUS Communications

Grabow, Barton: National Public Radio

Grachow, Paul: C-SPAN

Gradison, Robin: ABC News

Grafton, Jennifer: Metro Teleproductions Inc.

Grain, David: Black Entertainment Television

Grassie, John: NBC News

Grasso, Neil J.: CBS News

Graves, Lindsay: PTSC/CNN

Gray, Emma: London News Radio

Gray, Robert: Image Television

Greczyn, Mary Anne: NewsChannel 8

Green, Olivio: NBC News

Green, Sharon: National Public Radio

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC News Channel

Greenberg, Sarah: NBC News

Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

Greene, James M.: PTSC/CNN

Greene, Leslie: PTSC/CNN

Greene, Olin: Potomac Television

Greene, Thomas M.: PTSC/CNN

Greenfield, Heather: AP-Broadcast

Greenhalgh, Jane: National Public Radio

Greenwood, John Kevin: NBC4

Greenwood, William: ABC News

Gregory, Bettina L.: ABC News

Grenda, Jean M.: WTTG-Fox Television

Griffin, Eileen: WETA-TV

Griffin, Gary Keith: Globalvision

Griffin, Kevin: Freelance

Griffith, Gary: Hearst Broadcasting

Griffitts, William J.: Mobile Video Services

Groenhuijsen, Carolus: NOVA Dutch Public Television

Gross, Andrew: ABC News

Gross, Avery: Freelance

Gross, Caitlin: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Gross, David: CBS News

Gross, Eddie S.: PTSC/CNN

Guadalupe, Patricia: Pacifica Radio News

Guarino, Christopher: CNN

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV

Gudenkauf, Anne: National Public Radio

Gunn, Ute W.: Fox News Channel

Gursky, Gregg: Fox News Channel

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio And Press Service

Gutzeit, Andreas: Zolcer-TV (German TV)

Guzman, Armando: Univision News

Haberstick, Fred: Fox News Channel

Hackett, Stephen P.: WJLA-TV

Haddad, Tammy: Fox News Channel

Hadler, Elana Beth: National Public Radio

Haederle, Tom: CBS News

Haefeli, Brian: PTSC/CNN

Hagan, Kendall: Fox News Channel

Hagar, Charles: Inside Science

Hager, Jeffery: The Washington Bureau

Hager: Mary K.: CBS News

Hager, Robert M.: NBC News

Hagerty, Michael E.: Fox News Channel

Haggerty, Patrick B.: Channel Earth

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV

Hall, David: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Hall, David J.: Radio Marti

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Hall, Rosemary: Voice of America

Haller, Thomas D.: WUSA-TV

Halsey, Eugenia: CNN

Halton, David: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Hamberg, Steven: Freelance

Hamilton, Chris: PTSC/CNN

Hamilton, Holly: WJLA-TV

Hamilton, Jay: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, John A.: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton Deger, Anne: Hamilton Productions

Hammelburg, David H.: KRO Dutch Radio and Television

Hammer, Michael J.: AP-Broadcast

Hamrick, Mark A.: AP-Broadcast

Han, Myon-taek: Christian Broadcasting System

Hanberry, Steven: Reuters Television

Hanchett, James C.: NBC News Channel

Hand, Catherine: The Hill/UBN

Handelsman, Steve: NBC News Stations Division

Handly, Jim: NBC4

Hanlon, Carl: Global TV Canada

Hanlon, Deirdre: NBC News

Hanoura, Mohamed: C-SPAN

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hanson, Heidi K.: Image Television

Harding, Christine: Ventana Productions

Harding, Claus: Freelance

Harding, Corrie A.: NBC4

Harding, T. Alejandro: Video News Service

Harding, William: Ventana Productions

Harima, Takushi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Harmeyer, Nancy: Fox News Channel

Harmon, Catherine: WTOP Radio

Harmon, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

Harrington, Craig J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Harris, Mary: WTTG-Fox Television

Harris, Richard F.: National Public Radio

Harrison, Stella: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Harter, John Robert: WJLA-TV

Hartge, John: Freelance

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Hass, Thomas: Freelance

Hassan, Ronnie: Reuters Television

Hassett, Jody: CNN

Hawk, James: Metro Networks, Washington

Hayley, Harold Paul: NBC News

Haynes, Bonnie A.: Airwaves, Inc.

[[Page 980]]

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Haywood, Barry: Freelance

Hazard, Colin: C-SPAN

Heacock, Tim: NET-Political Newstalk Network

Headline, William W.: CNN

Hecht, Cynthia: AP-Broadcast

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heik, Jens: German Television/ZDF

Heinchon, Tara L.: NewsChannel 8

Heller, James: CNN

Henderson, Susan: European Broadcasting Union

Hendrick, Thomas: WTTG-Fox Television

Henrehan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Henry, Donald: Voice of America

Herald, Vernon: C-SPAN

Herbst, Christian: Nippon TV Network

Herman, Charlie: ABC News

Herman, Lawrence: WJLA-TV

Herndon, David: ABC News

Herrera, Ken C.: AP-Broadcast

Hertrick, Jeff W.: NewsChannel 8

Hester, Dierdre: CBS News

Hewitt, Candance M.: WJLA-TV

Hewitt, Gavin James: British Broadcasting

Heyman, Douglas: C-SPAN

Hickman, Jutta: German Television/ZDF

Hill, Charles: WETA-TV

Hill, Dana: Fox News Channel

Hill, Wilton: C-SPAN

Hillis, John D.: NewsChannel 8

Hillman, Jeremy: British Broadcasting

Hindes, Walter R.: AP-Broadcast

Hinds, Hugh: WJLA-TV

Hinnewikel, Olivier: European Broadcasting Union

Hirsch, Georg: Freelance

Hirsh, Steve: Fox News Channel

Hirzel, Conrad: PTSC/CNN

Hively, Chester: NBC News

Hoan, Pham Boi: CBS News

Hobbs, Cathy: NBC4

Hoff, George: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Hoffman, Sabine: German Television/ARD

Hohn, Natalie: Dow Jones Television

Hoiland, Harald: WUSA-TV

Holland, John: NBC News

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul: Cox Broadcasting

Hollingsworth, Brian: Fox News Channel

Hollis, Jerry: PTSC/CNN

Holly, Dawn: Fox News Channel

Holly, Derrill E.: AP-Broadcast

Holman, Kwame: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Holme, Todd R.: WETA-TV

Holmes, Horace R.: WJLA-TV

Hoose, Monica: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Hoover, Toni: Freelance

Hopkins, Brian C.: CONUS Communications

Hopkins, Moira: Fox News Channel

Hopper, David P.: Freelance

Horan, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Horne, Roger: German Television Agency

Hornig Draper, Roberta: NBC News

Houk, Marianne: NewsChannel 8

Houston, Karen Gray: WTTG-Fox Television

Houston, Kermit C.: WUSA-TV

Howard, Stephen G.: WETA-TV

Howell, Richard D.: Fox News Channel

Hsu, Roger: Chinese Television Network

Hubbard, Hal P.: Metro News Network

Hudson, Christian: CNN

Hudson IV, Ira John: NBC4

Huff, Daniel R.: APTV-Associated Press

Hugel, David: PTSC/CNN

Huheey, Thomas Scott: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Hui, Janice: CNN

Hume, Kim: Fox News Channel

Hunt, Jonathan: Sky News

Hunter, Laura A.: NBC News

Hunter, Regina: C-SPAN

Hunter-Gault, Charlayne: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Hurt, James Allen: NBC News

Huston, Andrew: TV Asahi

Hutchins, Christopher: Tribune Broadcasting

Hutchins, Stacy: King Broadcasting

Hyater, John E.: WETA-TV

Ide, Charles: WETA-TV

Ifill, Gwen: NBC News

Igarashi, Kimitoshi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Iiyama, Laura: Pacifica Radio News

Ikehara, Mariko: C-NET

Inches, Andrew: NewsChannel 8

Ingram, Leigh A.: NewsChannel 8

Ingram, Shermaze: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Inskeep, Steve: National Public Radio

Irvin, Paul: NBC4

Irving, John: Metro News Network

Ishaq, Salim: NBC News

Ishihara, Mayumi: Freelance

Itagaki, Nobuyuki: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Ito, Takanobu: TV Asahi

Iwanciw, Tetiana: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Izquierdo, Pablo: C-SPAN

Jackson, Brooks: CNN

Jackson, Dimetrius: Worldnet-U.S.I.A TV

Jacobs, Philip: NBC4

Jacobson, Murrey: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Janitschek, Andrew: Radio Free Asia

Janjigian, Janet: NBC News

Jankowski, Judith: Fox News Channel

Jansen, Torsten: Danish Broadcasting

Jarrett, Rick: National Public Radio

Jaskot, Sheila: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 981]]

Jellinek, Sergio A.: NBC News Channel

Jenkins, David A.: PTSC/CNN

Jenkins, Gregory J.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Jenkins, Loren: National Public Radio

Jennings, Edward B.: Freelance

Jennings, Mary Ann: WTOP

Jessen, Peder: TV2 Norway

Jia, Wei-ye: The Washington Bureau

Jimenez, Martin: PTSC/CNN

Johannsen, Peggy: AP-Broadcast

Johncox, Douglas P.: WETA-TV

Johnke, Tracy Lyn: CBS Radio

Johns, Joseph E.: NBC News

Johns, Nancy M.: CBS Radio

Johnson, Darryl B.: Professional Video Services

Johnson, David: WTOP Radio

Johnson, Douglas: C-SPAN

Johnson, Fletcher H.: ABC News

Johnson, Gregory D.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Johnson, Julie: ABC News

Johnson, Kathleen: NBC4

Johnson, Kathy Foster: WJLA-TV

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kia: Reuters Television

Johnson, Kyle: WTOP Radio

Johnson, Leroy: NBC News

Johnson, Martha: Hearst Broadcasting

Johnson, Risto: Finnish Broadcasting

Johnson, Rolanda: German Television/ZDF

Johnson, William R.: ABC News

Johnston, Cynthia: National Public Radio

Johnston, Derek: Reuters Television

Johnston, Jeffrey E.: Freelance

Johnston, Lisa: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Jones, Duane R.: Potomac Television

Jones, Edward M.: National Public Radio

Jones, Hannelore: German Public Radio/ARD

Jones, Morris: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Phil: CBS News

Jones, Tony: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Jordan, Adriene: CBS News

Jordan, Leona: C-SPAN

Joseph, Olga M.: WMAL Radio

Joy, Richard: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Joya, Steven: ABC News

Joyce, Christopher: National Public Radio

Judd, Jacqueline: ABC News

Judge, Michael C.: Image Television

Juenger, Georg: German Television/ZDF

Just, Sara: ABC News

Justice, Basil A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Kahn, Britt: CNN

Kaiser, Monika: German Television/ARD

Kalbfeld, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Kalfopulos, Joy: ABC News

Kalifa, Bruce E.: PTSC/CNN

Kane, Jim: Christian Monitor Radio

Kane, Lorel: Freelance

Kane, Richard: Freelance

Kane, Ruth: C-SPAN

Kangas, Paul: C-SPAN

Kaplan, Meg: Fox News Channel

Kaplan, Therese: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Karakashian, Jane: C-SPAN

Karlen, Jane M.: NewsChannel 8

Karmahl, Ingolf: German Broadcasting/ARD

Kambe, Naoto: Nippon TV Network

Karnes, Robert: Potomac Television

Karson, Danielle: Freelance

Kasarda, Amy E.: CNN

Kasell, Carl: National Public Radio

Kast, Sheilah: ABC News

Kaster, Charles G.: Native American Television

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Kauffman, Michael W.: PTSC/CNN

Kaufmann, Carol: Fox News Channel

Kautz, John: NBC News

Kay, Katty: Freelance

Kaye, Matthew: Berns Bureau

Ke, Sinclair: U.S.I.A. Television

Keator, John C.: National Public Radio

Kelleher, Colleen: APTV-Associated Press

Kelleher, Kristine: APTV-Associated Press

Kellerman, Georg: German Television/ARD

Kellerman, Mike: South African Broadcasting

Kelley, Alice: German Television/ZDF

Kelly, Archie: WJLA-TV

Kelly, Carol Anne: National Public Radio

Kelly, Sarah B.: National Public Radio

Kempf, Deborah: ABC News

Kendall, Bridget: British Broadcasting

Kennedy, Brian: Broadcast News Ltd.

Kennedy, Robert G.: C-SPAN

Kenny, Justin: Freelance

Kent, Lenard: WJLA-TV

Kent, Peter O.: Reuters Television

Kent, Sammy: Washington News Network

Kenyon, Linda: SRN News/Standard News

Kenyon, Peter: National Public Radio

Kerr, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Kesner, Eric: Freelance

Kessler, Jon: NBC News

Kessler, Lisa Marie: NewsChannel 8

Ketcham, Lew: C-SPAN

Keyes, Charles F.: CNN

Khalid, Sunni M.: National Public Radio

Khananayev, Grigory: Fox News Channel

Kidd, Susan: NBC4

Kikuchi, Madoka: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Kim, Eugene: AP-Broadcast

Kim, Ho: Radio Free Asia

Kim, Hui Hyon: Radio Free Asia

[[Page 982]]

Kimura, Eri: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

King, Donna: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

King, Jerry: ABC News

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kevin G.: WUSA-TV

King, Kristi Sue: WTOP Radio

Kirschner, Natalie Anne: Fox News Channel

Kissal, Bruce: Freelance

Kitasei, Junichi: TV Asahi

Kizer, James S.: NBC4

Klauser, Horst: NDR/WDR German Radio

Kleber, Claus Detlev: German Television/ARD

Klein, Constantin: Deutsche Welle German Television

Klein, Jennifer: PTSC/CNN

Klein, Llissa: Fox News Channel

Klein, Robert: Freelance

Kleine, Kimberly: CNN

Klette, Mary: NBC News

Knapp, Daniel: WETA-TV

Knisely, Thomas: The Blackwell Corporation

Knoll, Jennifer K.: Reuters Television

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, John W.: ABC News

Knox, Ronald: NBC News

Koch, Kathleen: CNN

Koelsch, Udo: NDR/WDR German Radio

Koenig, Martin: PTSC/CNN

Kohno, Kenji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Kohrs, Charlotte: NBC News

Kojovic, Predrag: Reuters Television

Kolodziejczak, Thomas R.: Potomac Television

Komes, Michelle M.: WTOP Radio

Koolhof, Vanessa M.: WUSA-TV

Korich, Kim: Community Television of Prince George's

Kornely, Michael: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Korth, Anja: German Television/ZDF

Kos, Martin: Cox Broadcasting

Koslow, Marc: Freelance

Kotke, Wolfgang: Zolcer-TV (German TV)

Koval, Melissa: Freelance

Kovijanic, Nick: NBC4

Koyama, Orika: TV Asahi

Kozakos, Panayiota: NBC News

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Krakower, Gary: CNN

Krause, Charles A.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Krebs, Joe: NBC4

Krebs, Larry: WMAL-Radio

Kremer, Stephen: Maryland Public Television

Kretman, Lester A.: NBC News

Kreuz, Greta: WJLA-TV

Kritz, Francesca: MSNBC Pro

Krost, Jack: CNN

Kruse, Peter: German Television/ZDF

Kupperman, Tamara: NBC News

Kur, Bob: NBC News

Kuroiwa, Yuji: Fugi Television

LaComa, Lawrence: Deutsche Welle German Television

LaMonica, John C.: ABC News

LaSalle, Susan Alice: NBC News

Lacey, Donna: C-SPAN

Laflamme, Micheline: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Lafrance, Pierre-Leon: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Lagan, Christopher: Reuters Television

Lamb, Brian P.: C-SPAN

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

Landay, Woody: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Landy, Hope: C-SPAN

Lane, Stanley: Freelance

Lang, Christof: RTL Television Germany

Langmade, Brigette: Potomac Television

Lankes, Elyane C.: Pro Sieben Television (German TV)

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

Larragoite, Lisa: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Larsen, Gregory: Freelance

Lasker, Phillip: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Lassoe, Ward: MSNBC Pro

Laughlin, Ara A.: Community Television of Prince George's

Lauterbach, Shannon: Reuters Television

Lavallee, Michael: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Lavon, Neal: Voice of America

Lawn, Connie: Audio-Video News

Lawrence, Michael: National Public Radio

Lawrence, Scot: Providence Journal Broadcasting

Lawson-Muse, Pat: NBC4

LeBrecht, Thelma: AP-Broadcast

LeCroy, Philip L.: APTV-Associated Press

Leake, Myron A.: CONUS Communications

Lee, David: Worldwide TV News

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Edward: WETA-TV

Lee, John W.: NewsChannel 8

Lee, Marietta S.: Court TV

Lee, Nam Sub: Yonhap TV News

Lee, Rich: Salem Radio Network

Lehrer, Jim: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Lehrman, Amy: CBS News

Lehrman, Margaret: NBC News

Leidelmeyer, Ronald H.: Freelance

Lelle, Werner: German Television/ZDF

Lent, David: Freelance

Leonard, Kevin: C-SPAN

Leong, Dexter: Freelance

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Levin, Aleksey: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Levine, Jeffrey B.: CNN

Lewine, Frances L.: CNN

Lewis, Edward: C-SPAN

Lewis, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

[[Page 983]]

Li, Denise: CBS News

Li, Rong: Chinese Television Network

Liasson, Mara: National Public Radio

Libert, Tara: Swiss Broadcasting Corp.

Lichtenberg, Zita: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Liffiton, Bruce: Freelance

Lillibridge, Douglas J.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Lilling, David: Metro Teleproductions

Lilly, Judlyne: Fox News Channel

Limbach, Francis J.: AP-Broadcast

Lindauer, Susan: Fox News Channel

Linden, Kim J.: CNN

Linderman, Tamara: Potomac Television

Line, Bill: Fox News Channel

Lisle, John D.: NewsChannel 8

Liss, Liza: CONUS Communications

Little, Craig A.: WTTG-Fox Television

Littlefield, Suzanne: NBC News

Littman, Randy: Hamilton Productions

Liu, Enming: Chinese Television Network

Liu, Ning Rong: Chinese Television Network

Liu, Ping: Broadcasting Corp. of China

Liu, Zhengzhu: China Central Television

Lively, Lydia S.: NBC News

Lockhart, Debbi: NBC4

Lockhart, Kathleen: NBC News

Lodoe, Kalden: Radio Free Asia

Loebach, Joseph W.: NBC News

Loescher, Skip: CNN NewSource

Logan, Laura: ABC News

London, C. Paul: Professional Video Services

Long, Culver: Multinational Media

Long, James V.: NBC News

Longnecker, Emily Marie: The Washington Bureau

Loomans, Kathryn: AP-Broadcast

Loper, Catherine: CTV Television Network

Lopez, Lynda: NBC4

Lormand, John Kenneth: CBN News

Lorson, Laura: National Public Radio

Loucks, Bill: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Lougee, Dave: NBC4

Lowe, Matt: CBS News

Lowe, Rachael M.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Lowe, Raimund: ORF - Austrian Radio and TV

Lowman, Wayne: Fox News Channel

Lu, Chiachi: Chinese Television Network

Lucas, Christina L.: Professional Video Services

Lucas, David: NewsChannel 8

Lucas, Diana: SRN News/Standard News

Ludlan, Nick: Zolcer-TV (German TV)

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Lugato, Giuseppe: RAI-Italian TV News

Luhn, Laura W.: Fox News Channel

Lummis, Sheila: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Lumpkin, Beverley C.: ABC News

Lundberg, Ken: Freelance

Lundh, Lennart: The Swedish News Agency

Lutt, Howard: PTSC/CNN

Lutz, Ellsworth: ABC News

Luzquinos, Julio: Metro Teleproductions Inc.

Lyall, Robert J.: Freelance

Lyle, Robert: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Lynch, Dotty: CBS News

Lynch, Wayne: NewsChannel 8

Lynker, John: WTOP Radio

Lynn, Gary Earl: PTSC/CNN

Lynn, John V.: CNN

MacCarthy, Dennis: Mutual/NBC Radio

MacDonald, Charles: CTV Television Network

MacDonald, Jim: CTV Television Network

MacHardy, Cybele: Potomac Television

Machado, Carolyn: Freelance

Macias, Shari: NBC4

Maclnnis, Jack: PTSC/CNN

Maddux, Catherine V.: National Public Radio

Maer, Peter: Mutual/NBC Radio

Maggi, Yolanda: Fox News Channel

Maggiolo, Vito: CNN

Magnuson, Ron: CBN News

Maguhn, Diana: Pro Sieben Television (German TV)

Mahler, Joerg: German Television/ZDF

Majerus, Marlis: Bonneville International Corporation

Malek, Adel: Contact Middle East

Malesky, Robert: National Public Radio

Malin, Susan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Mallory, Brenda N.: NBC4

Malone, James: Voice of America

Maltas, Michael L.: CNN

Malveaux, Suzanne: NBC4

Mancuso, Joseph: Mid-Atlantic Media

Mancuso, Michael: Freelance

Mangus, Richard: Talk Radio News Service

Manifold, Geoffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Manis, Penelope: CNN

Mann, Johnathan A.: WJLA-TV

Mantis, L. Pamela: Radio Marti

Marash, David: ABC News

Marchione, Mark: PTSC/CNN

Marcus, Michael: C-SPAN

Marcus, Ralph: PTSC/CNN

Margolius, Amy: Fuji Television

Marks, Alexandra: NBC News

Marks, Simon: London News Radio

Marques, Autonio: Freelance

Marriott, Mai: Freelance

Marriott, Michael: Freelance

Marshall, Bradley: Washington Bureau News Service

Marshall, Kiersten: C-SPAN

Marshall, Nancy: London News Radio

Martin, Allison A.: The Washington Bureau

Martin, Cheryl: Black Entertainment Television

Martin, Dale Matthew: CBN News

[[Page 984]]

Martin, David C.: CBS News

Martin, James T.: ABC News

Martin, Jennifer: CNN

Martin, John J.: ABC News

Martin, Mary: CBS News

Martin, Rick: NBC4

Martin, Tim: Ventana Productions

Martinez, Elmy E.: WUNO Notiuno Radio Network

Martinez, Luis E.: ABC News

Martino, Jeff: Freelance

Masciarelli, Anthony: Worldnet-U.S.I.A TV

Mason, Cecelia: West Virginia Public Radio

Mason, Suzanne K: NewsChannel 8

Mason, William Todd: Professional Video Services

Mates, James: ITN of London

Mathews, John Francis: NBC News

Matkosky, Timothy: Potomac Television

Mattesky, Thomas A.: CBS News

Matthews, Barbara Lynn: NewsChannel 8

Matthews, Claude: Freelance

Matthews, Kathleen: WJLA-TV

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

Mattingly, Dave S.: National Public Radio

Maurus, Hans-Jurgen: German Public Radio/ARD

Mawhinnedy, Maxine: Freelance

Maxwell, Darraine: Christian Monitor Radio

McCallister, Doreen: National Public Radio

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean: C-SPAN

McCarren, Andrea: NBC News

McCarthy, Lark: WTTG-Fox Television

McCarty, Dennis Page: Swiss Television

McCarty, Donald Jay: Freelance

McCash, Douglas: German Television/ZDF

McCash, Scott: German Television/ZDF

McCaughan, Timothy: CNN

McClam, Kevin J.: C-SPAN

McCleery, Kathleen: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

McClure, Tipp K.: German TV Agency

McClurkin, Don: WETA-TV

McConagha, Megan: Fisher Broadcasting

McConnaughey, Brian K.: Wireless Data Systems

McConnell, David F: WTOP Radio

McCoy, Doxie A.: Black Entertainment Television

McDermott, Frank D.: WUSA-TV

McDermott, Richard: NBC News Stations Division

McDougall, Ian: Reuters Television

McDowell, Michael: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

McGill, Michael: CNN

McGlinchy, James: CBS News

McGoran, Maeve: National Public Radio

McGowan, David: WETA-TV

McGrath, Megan Ann: Freelance

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGraw, Julie: C-SPAN

McGreevy, Allen: Reuters Television

McGuire, Matthew: C-SPAN

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McHenry, Robert C.: WUSA-TV

McHugh, Mark: CNN

McIntyre, Lynne M.: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

McKenna, Kate: AP-Broadcast

McKinney, Jerry W.: Voice of America

McManus, Kevin A.: NBC News Channel

McManus, Micheal P.: CNN

McMearty, Michael D: WTOP Radio

McMichael, IV, Sammuel J.: PTSC/CNN

McMurray, Patricia: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

McNeil, Tasha Nita: NBC News

McQueen, Michel: ABC News

McWethy, John: ABC News

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William C.: CNN

Mederos, Zoila T: Television-Eco Television

Meeks, Brock Nolan: NBC News

Mekour, Dorattasan: NewsChannel 8

Melendy, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Mellen, Roger P.: WJLA-TV

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision News

Melville, Chris: Black Entertainment Television

Meringer, Amy S.: CONUS Communications

Merrill, Robert S.: NBC News

Merritt, Kathleen: WAMU-FM Radio

Meryash, Peter: NBC News

Meserve, Jeanne M.: CNN

Messitte, Zach: CNN

Metil, Adrienne: AP-Broadcast

Meyer, Jill: CBS News

Meyer, Kerry L.: Professional Video Services

Meyer, Richard: CBS News

Michael, Michelle M.: NBC4

Michaels, Peter: National Public Radio

Michaud, Bryant T.: AP-Broadcast

Micheal, Finnigan: Electronic News

Migas, Portia R.: ABC News

Mihalisko, Michael: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Milenic, Alexander: Freelance

Milford, Robert: Mobile Video Services

Militello, James: AP-Broadcast

Miller, Annette L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Dana: CBS News

Miller, Elizabeth P.: British Broadcasting

Miller, Evan David: NBC News

Miller, Mary: CONUS Communications

Miller, Mitchell: WTOP Radio

Miller, Paul K.: PTSC/CNN

Miller, Scott: CNN

Million, Michael: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Mills, Jim: Fox News Channel

Minner, Richard: NBC News

[[Page 985]]

Minor, Ronald: NBC4

Mistretta, Brian W.: NewsChannel 8

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitchell, Elisabeth: NBC News Channel

Mitchell, Jaqueline N.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Mitchell, Russell: CBS News

Mitnick, Steven E.: Freelance

Miville-Dechene, Julie: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Miyagi, Yoshinori: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Mobley, Sarah C.: National Public Radio

Mohen, Peter: PTSC/CNN

Molina-Roman, Adriana: Univision News

Molinares, Ione Indrira: CMI TV News and Radionet

Molineaux, Diana: Radio Marti

Mong, Bryan: Freelance

Montgomery, Jr., Charles: Black Entertainment Television

Moon, Duncan R.: Christian Monitor Radio

Moore, Clifton: WJLA-TV

Moore, Corey B.: Black Entertainment Television

Moore, Dennis E.: Nightly Business Report

Moore, Kristin: NBC News

Moore, Russell T.: NBC News

Moore, Terrence M.: SRN News/Standard News

Mora, Oscar F.: USIA/TV Marti

Moran, James M.: Freelance

Morano, Marc: Mid-Atlantic Media

Moreno, Jaime: USIA/TV Marti

Morgan, John B.: WETA-TV

Morris, Chris: British Broadcasting

Morris, Daniel: ABC News

Morris, Diane: C-SPAN

Morris, Peter: PTSC/CNN

Morrisette, Roland: Bloomberg Business News

Morse, Rick: PTSC/CNN

Morton, Bruce: CNN

Morton, Daniel: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: Univision News

Mosettig, Michael D.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Mosher, Brian: Professional Video Services

Mosley, Joseph: PTSC/CNN

Moss, Howard: Mutual/NBC Radio

Moss, Michael: WTOP Radio

Mote, Thomas D.: Freelance

Mottola, Lorraine: European Broadcasting Union

Mueller, John: CBN News

Muhammad, Alverda Ann: National Scene News Bureau

Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News Bureau

Muir, Robert: Reuters Television

Mulera, John H.: NBC News

Muller-Blattau, Beate: Zolcer-TV (German TV)

Mulvey, Julian: C-SPAN

Mun, Jae-Chul: Yonhap TV News

Munoz, Luis: Radio Marti

Munoz, Luis A.: C-SPAN

Munro, Stephen B.: National Public Radio

Muratani, Tateki: Fuji Television

Murney, John M.: Freelance

Murotani, Makiko: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Murphy, Heather: CBS News

Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Murphy, Terence: C-SPAN

Murphy, Thomas P.: PTSC/CNN

Murray, Emily S.: CBN News

Murray, Tim: Ventana Productions

Murrhy, John L.: Freelance

Murtaugh, Peter S.: TF1-French Television

Muta, Akihiro: Nippon TV Network

Myers, Adolyn: NBC News

Myers, Lisa M.: NBC News

Myers, Wayne: WUSA-TV

Myklebust, Gunnar: Norweigan Broadcasting

Nascimento, Aurea: Univision News

Nash, Jim: Freelance

Nash, Jr., John C.: WETA-TV

Navies, Jerome: CBS Radio

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Neary, Lynn: National Public Radio

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Neely, Prenella: Black Entertainment Television

Neff, Jill: CNN

Nelson, Donna: CBS News

Nelson, Meka: C-SPAN

Nelson, Norman: WETA-TV

Neustadt, James J.: NBC4

Neve, Thomas: C-SPAN

Newman, Patricia A.: Black Entertainment Television

Neyer, Hank: United Press International

Nickles, IIona: C-SPAN

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

Nielsen, John: National Public Radio

Nielsen, Ulla Pors: TV2 Denmark

Nikkel, Grace Lee: WTTG-Fox Television

Noble, Jeffrey S.: PTSC/CNN

Nolen, John: CBS News

Nonamaker, William T.: Potomac Television

Norins, Jamie F.: Potomac Television

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard A.: Freelance

Norling, Richard V.: Freelance

Norman, Dennis: PTSC/CNN

Norton, Charles: WJLA-TV

Norwood, Joelle: Airwaves, Inc.

Nurenberg, Gary: Tribune Broadcasting

Nyirjesy, Christine: APTV-Associated Press

Nyrop, Siri: German Television/ZDF

O'Berry, D. Kerry: Freelance

O'Brien, Tim: ABC News

O'Connor, Herb: ABC News

O'Hara, Victoria L.: National Public Radio

[[Page 986]]

O'Leary, John M.: CBN News

O'Shea, Daniel J.: Freelance

Oberlander, Sylvie: NBC News

Ochs, David R.: AP-Broadcast

Oesterwinter, Katharina: German Television/ZDF

Ogawa, Jun: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Ogawa, Kazuo: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Ogoshi, Kumiko: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Ogulnik, John A.: National Public Radio

Oki, Tom: TV Tokyo Channel 12, Ltd.

Oliva, Jennifer: Fox News Channel

Olsen, Kirsten: Gannett New Media

Olsher, Dean: National Public Radio

Oltarsh, Lauren: CNN

Oo, Thein Htike: Radio Free Asia

Ore, Rolando: Panamericana Television

Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

Orr, Robert: CBS News

Ortiz, Alberto: CBS News

Ottalini, David: Potomac Television

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Owen-Thomas, Gavin: Fox News Channel

Pacheco, Sarah: PTSC/CNN

Pack, Michael: Manifold Productions

Pagano, Jack: Fox News Channel

Palca, Joseph: National Public Radio

Palmer, John S.: NBC News

Panzer, Chester: NBC4

Parenteau, Helene Y.: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Park, James I.: Radio Free Asia

Parker, Gill: ABC News

Parker, Robert G.: PTSC/CNN

Parker, Shaun: Black Entertainment Television

Pass, Christine: Reuters Television

Patruznick, Michael: C-SPAN

Patterson, Ferman: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Patterson, Jay: ABC News

Patterson, Rodney: Freelance

Paxton, Bradford S.: Potomac Television

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Television

Peleger, Peter: German Television/ZDF

Peltier, Yves: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Pena, Maria: United Press International

Pence, Rhonda: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Pendleton, Molette E.: NewsChannel 8

Pennybacker, Jennifer: CONUS Communications

Peppers, Gregory: National Public Radio

Pergram, Chad: C-SPAN

Perkins, Natasha S.: CONUS Communications

Perkins, Richard: Black Entertainment Television

Perry, Craig David: Radio Free Asia

Peters, Mary: AP-Broadcast

Peterson, Gordon W.: WUSA-TV

Peterson, Rebecca S.: CBS News

Peterson, Robert: CBS News

Peterson, Robert: Freelance

Petras, William H.: NBC News

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Pfeifer, Andreas: ORF-Austrian Radio and TV

Philadelphia, Desa: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Philips, Derek Todd: CNN

Phillips, Steven T.: Reuters Television

Pierce, Maura: C-SPAN

Pillon, Annette: C-SPAN

Pincus, Aileen: Freelance

Pinczuk, Murray: Freelance

Pines, Sarah: NBC News

Pinkas, Boris: Video News Service

Pitcairn, Duncan: Reuters Television

Pitman, John: Voice of America

Pittman, Anthony: Black Entertainment Television

 Pitts, Byron A.: CBS News

Pizza, Elizabeth: CNN

Plante, William: CBS News

Plater, Christopher S.: Freelance

Player, Darryl: Black Entertainment Television

Pliszak, Richard K.: ABC News

Plomp, Margaret: N.O.S. National TV The Netherlands

Plotkin, Mark: WAMU-FM Radio

Plummer, Keith B.: Hearst Broadcasting

Polat, Ylmaz F.: Turkish CTV

Polite, Angela: WTOP Radio

Polk, Jackson: Capstone Productions

Poon, Denise L.: NBC News

Popkin, James: NBC4

Porter, Almon L.: CONUS Communications

Pottger, Lisa R.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Pratt, Carin: CBS News

Preloh, Anne Marie: C-SPAN

Preston, Richard Lee: Mutual/NBC Radio

Presutti, Carolyn: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Pretto, Nancy: WJLA-TV

Price, Lisa: C-SPAN

Prior, James R.: Native American Television

Publicover, Robert: WTOP Radio

Puckett, Richard: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Pugliese, Pat A.: CONUS Communications

Que, Victoria: National Public Radio

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, John D.: Worldnet-U.S.I.A TV

Quinnette, John Jay: PTSC/CNN

Quinonez, Omar A.: Freelance

Rabel, Edward: NBC News

Rabin, Carrie: WTOP Radio

Rabin, Mark: Freelance

Rackwitz, Ingolf: German Public Radio/ARD

Rad, Ali: Min Washington, Inc.

Raddatz, Martha: National Public Radio

Rafi, Mary E.: Salem Radio Network

Ragavan, Chitra: National Public Radio

Raker, Lester R.: Capital TV Network

Raker, Patrick L.: Capital TV Network

Raker, Roger A.: Capital TV Network

[[Page 987]]

Ralston, Paige: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Ramon, Fausto: MSNBC Pro

Ramsey, Brett: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Ramshaw, Gregg: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Raphael, Mara: CNN

Rasmussen, Lisa: NBC4

Rasmussen, Torben: Danish Broadcasting

Rathner, Jeff: WETA-TV

Ratliff, Rebecca J.: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Ratner, Ellen F.: Talk Radio News Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Ratns, Timothy: AP-Broadcast

Reals, Gary: WUSA-TV

Reap, Patrick T.: CNN

Redding, Sally: NBC News

Redding, William: ABC News

Reddoor, Charles: Native American Television

Reddy, Deanne: C-SPAN

Redpath, Julia: National Public Radio

Reed, Lloyd A.: Native American Television

Reese, Courtenay K.: NBC News

Reichenau, Maire: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Reid, Chip: NBC News

Reid, Joseph: AP-Broadcast

Reifenberg, Sabine: NDR/WDR German Radio

Reilly, Paul A.: AP-Broadcast

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reinsel, Edward M.: Freelance

Reio, Allen Kirk: USIA/TV Marti

Reis, Sean: NBC News Channel

Renaud, Jean R.: Black Entertainment Television

Renfro, Owen: CNN

Resnick, Jonathan: Reuters Television

Revitte, Kathleen N.: ABC News

Reyes, Victor: CBS Telenoticias

Rice, Alan Gregory: NBC News

Rice, Chuck: AP-Broadcast

Rich, Rita: Mutual/NBC Radio

Richard, Sylvain: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Richards, Michael W.: Freelance

Richards, Timothy: Canadian Broadcasting

Richerson, Debbie: C-SPAN

Richter, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Rickun, Marcie: NBC News

Rieger, Wendy: NBC4

Rife, Marvin: Washington News Network

Riffle, Luke: Ventana Productions

Riggs, Tyrone W.: PTSC/CNN

Riha, Anne Marie: CONUS Communications

Rinebolt, Roger: Potomac Television

Ringe, Linda: WJLA-TV

Riopedre, Jorge A.: USIA/TV Marti

Rivera, Clara E.: Reuters Television

Rizzolo, Lisa: Fox News Channel

Roach, Emily A.: CBN News

Roberson, David: Freelance

Roberto, Antonini: Swiss Broadcasting Corp.

Roberts, Corinne B.: ABC News

Roberts, Nathan: NewsChannel 8

Robertson, Greg: PTSC/CNN

Robertson, Jo: WTTG-Fox Television

Robertson Stone, Carolyn: PTSC/CNN

Robinson, Charles: Black Entertainment Television

Robinson, Chris: Deutsche Welle German Television

Robinson, Clyde W.: NBC News

Robinson, Douglas M: ORF-Austrian Radio and TV

Robinson, Laura: CNN

Robinson, Margaret L.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Robinson III, Earle U.: WJLA-TV

Roca, Xavier: Freelance

Rocha, Daniel: American Radio and TV

Rocha, Samuel: American Radio and TV

Roche, John M.: CNN

Rochelle, Carl: CNN

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rodriguez, Eduardo: Telvisa-Eco Television

Rodriguez, Eva M.: Court TV

Rodriguez, Luz: Radio Nacional De Espana

Rodriguez, Martine: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Roeck, Donald: Pacifica Radio News

Rogers, Arthur: CONUS Communications

Rogers, Jeffrey S.: National Public Radio

Rogers, Patrick: CONUS Communications

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC News Stations Division

Romero, Gabe: CBS News

Romilly, George: ABC News

Roof, Peter B.: Freelance

Roper, John: Fox News Channel

Rose, Gail P.: WJLA-TV

Rose, Jeff: WJLA-TV

Rose, Joe: Gancie Television, Inc.

Rose, Joseph: WJLA-TV

Rose, Ray: WJLA-TV

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosenbaum, Richard: ABC News

Rosenbaum, Thea Luise: German Television/ARD

Rosenberg, Gary: Freelance

Rosenberg, Howard L.: CBS News

Rosenberg, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Rosenblatt, Steven: Pyramid National Pressport

Rosenfeld, Steven: Freelance

Rosenfelder, Michael J.: Worldwide Television News

Rossetti-Meyer, Misa: Professional Video Services

Roskosh, Joan L.: Freelance

Ross, David Joseph: WTTG-Fox Television

Rosse, Richard Alan: Mutual/NBC Radio

Roth, Johnie F.: NBC News

Roth, Theodore: ABC News

Rovira, Ramon: Televisio De Catalunya

Rowe, Hildrun: German Television/ZDF

Rowe, JoAnn: Rowe News Service

[[Page 988]]

Rowe, Tom: Reuters Television

Roy, Andrew: British Broadcasting

Royster, William V.: AP-Broadcast

Rubin, Terry: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Rubio, Arturo: Univision

Rudd, Michael: NewsChannel 8

Rudell, Tim Patrick: CONUS Communications

Ruggiero, David S.: PTSC/CNN

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Rushlow, Kathleen K.: National Public Radio

Russell, Roxanne: CBS News

Russert, Timothy J.: NBC News

Ruth, Sarah: CNN

Rutherford, John: NBC News

Ruttenberg, Margie: NBC4

Ryan, April: American Urban Radio Networks

Ryan, Karen A.: Freelance

Rysak, F. David: WTTG-Fox Television

Saalwachter, Amy: NBC News

Sabo, Cris: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Safelle, Jeffrey: Professional Video Services

Sagalyn, Daniel: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Salinas, Eduardo: United Press International

Salinas, Marcos A.: CBN News

Salinas, Mary Alice: NBC4

Saltz, Michael: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Sampaio, Fred: C-SPAN

Sanchez, Claudio: National Public Radio

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision News

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sandler, Lauren O.: National Public Radio

Sandyann, Jeffery R.: National Public Radio

Sanfuentes, Jose A.: NBC News

Santos, Augusto: Televisa-Eco Television

Santos, Jose: WJLA-TV

Sapienza, Stephen: America's Defense Monitor

Sarasohn, Sara Keiko: National Public Radio

Sargeant, Nancy L.: AP-Broadcast

Sargent, Catherine: Fox News Channel

Sargent, Mark E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Sarmiento, Cheryl: NBC News

Sarro, Ron A.: Washington News Network

Sasson, Aaron: Freelance

Saunders, Ernest: C-SPAN

Savage, Craig: Fox News Channel

Savory, Greg: Freelance

Scanlan, Daniel: Mutual/NBC Radio

Scanlon, Jason: C-SPAN

Schaefer, Eugenia F.: NBC News

Schaefer, Frances: NBC News

Schaefer, James: WJLA-TV

Schafer, Alison: Cox Broadcasting

Schaff, Michael L.: CBN News

Schalch, Kathleen N.: National Public Radio

Schantz, Kristine K.: CNN

Schenk, Jenny: German Television/ARD

Scherer, David R.: PTSC/CNN

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Schiavone, Louise: CNN

Schick, Carl: CONUS Communications

Schieffer, Robert: CBS News

Schifrin, Debra: National Public Radio

Schindler, Max A.: NBC News

Schlegel, Barry C.: PTSC/CNN

Schloemer, Hans-Peter: German Television/ARD

Schmidt, Robert: Court TV

Schmitz, Michael: German Television/ZDF

Schneider, Rene: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Schoenholtz, Howard: ABC News

Scholl, Christopher: NBC News

Schorr, Daniel: National Public Radio

Schroeder, Bernd Julius, German Radio NDR/WDR

Schroeder: Robert, NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Schuetzeichel: Frank, German Television/ARD

Schule: James, ITN of London

Schultz-Burkel, Gunnar: German Broadcasting/ARD

Schultze, Emily: CBS News

Schwartz, Andy: Fox News Channel

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Schweitzer, Murray H.: NBC4

Scicchitano, Carmine: NBC News

Scotchbrook, Ben: ITN of London

Scott, Graham L.: ORF-Austrian Radio and TV

Scott, Ivan: CBS-Radio Stations News Service

Scott, Linda J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Scott, Traci Ann: CBS News

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Searle-Grey, Jacquetta J.: ORF-Austrian Television

Sears, Carl: Fox News Channel

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Seium, Michael: Freelance

Selg, Casper: Swiss Broadcasting Corp.

Sell, Dalfa: CONUS Communications

Sellai, Christine: Fox News Channel

Selma, Reginald G.: PTSC/CNN

Selman, Steve: British Broadcasting

Serensits, Joseph S.: ABC News

Sergay, Richard: ABC News

Sesno, Frank: CNN

Sewell, Leslie: NBC News

Sforza, Scott N.: ABC News

Shaffir, Gregory: CBS News

Shalhoup, Joseph F.: NBC4

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Sharp, Bridget: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Sheahan, John: ABC News

Shelton, Steve: Fox News Channel

Shemonsky, Laura: Fox News Channel

Sherrill, Charles L.: Bonneville International Corp.

Sherwood, Tom: NBC4

Shih, Che-Wei: TVBS (Taiwan)

Shine, Thomas: ABC News

Shiraishi, Yoshihiko: Nippon TV Network

[[Page 989]]

Shlemon, Chris: ITN of London

Shockley, Milton T.: NBC4

Shoffner, Cindy Pena: WJLA-TV

Shoffner, Harry S.: Freelance

Short, Philip: British Broadcasting

Shott, David: Fox News Channel

Shrader, Robert E.: PTSC/CNN

Shuster, David: Fox News Channel

Shwe, Wyein: Radio Free Asia

Siceloff, John: ABC News

Sidel, Adam P.: NewsChannel 8

Siegel, Robert: National Public Radio

Siegloch, Klaus-Peter: German Television/ZDF

Siekkinen, Sinikka: Finnish Broadcasting

Sierra, Joann: CNN

Sierra, Jose Javier: APTV-Associated Press

Sigsgaard, Peter: Danish Broadcasting

Sikka, Madhulika: ABC News

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Siler, Melanie E.: Black Entertainment Television

Silnicky, Larisa: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Silva, Ellen: National Public Radio

Silva-Pinto, Lauren: ORF-Austrian Radio and TV

Silver, Amy R.: CNN

Silver, Darwin: WETA-TV

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Silver, Quentin: Freelance

Silverberg, Hank: SRN News/Standard News

Silverman, Art: National Public Radio

Silverstein, Mike: ABC News

Simeone, Nicholas: Voice of America

Simon, Julie: Ventana Productions

Simpson, Carole: ABC News

Simpson, Ross W.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Sims, Chinyere: C-SPAN

Sisco, Paul: Worldwide Television News

Sites, Kevin Andrew: NBC News

Skane, William J.: CBS News

Skeans, Ron: Professional Video Services

Sklar, Marc: CNN

Slattery, Andrea: CNN

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg Business News

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slewka, Stephanie B.: German Television/ARD

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Slone, Sean: C-SPAN

Small, William: United Press International

Smee, Bill: CNN

Smith, Cindy: APTV-Associated Press

Smith, Cynthia L.: ABC News

Smith, David: ITN of London

Smith, Gregory: National Public Radio

Smith, Jack P.: ABC News

Smith, Jan: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, Margaret Low: National Public Radio

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Mignon C.: Washington-Alabama News Report

Smith, Phillip: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Smith, Raeshawn: C-SPAN

Smith, Renee: Voice of America

Smith, Terence: CBS News

Smith, William B.: Potomac Television

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snow, Tony: Fox News Channel

Snyder, George: Providence Journal Broadcasting

Sobata, Kenji: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Soe, Kin Maung: Radio Free Asia

Solomon, Eric: CNN

Solorzano, Gilbert J.: Freelance

Somani, Indira: WJLA-TV

Soneira, Robert: CONUS Communications

Sonne, Werner: German Television/ARD

Sorenson, Randall: PTSC/CNN

Sorimachi, Osamu: Fuji Television

Soucheray, Phil: AP-Broadcast

Soucy, Peggy M.: CNN

Southern, Joel L.: Alaska Public Radio

Sozio, George: ABC News

Spaeth, David: CNN

Spain, Thomas: PTSC/CNN

Speare, Brad: C-SPAN

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Speed, Rodney E.: Freelance

Speights, Eric Van: ABC News

Speiser, Matt: ABC News

Spence, Robert: C-SPAN

Spencer, Susan R.: CBS News

Sperrazza, Christine J.: ABC News

Spevak, Joseph: NewsChannel 8

Spillane, Mary: CBS News

Spinrad, Naomi: NBC News

Spoerry, Philip Scott: CNN

Sponder, Myron: Talk Radio News Service

Springham, Lisa Mary: Reuters Television

Sproul, Robin: ABC News

St. John, Jonathan: Potomac Television

Stage, Tina: Bloomberg Business News

Stagneth, Michael: German Television/ZDF

Stalder, Han Peter: Swiss Broadcasting Corp.

Stamberg, Susan L.: National Public Radio

Stanford, David E.: CBS News

Starace, Andrea F.: Standard News Network

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Statter, Louis David: WUSA-TV

Stauffer, LeeAnn: CNN

Steinhilber, Kathryn E.: CNN

Stenstrom, Oddvar: TV 2 Norway

Steo, Austin: Wingspan Network-Aviation News

Stepney, Eric: C-SPAN

Steuart, Elizabeth: NBC News

Stevens, Pamela: CNN

Stevenson, Louis R.: WTTG-Fox Television

Stewart, Amy: CNN

Stewart, James: CBS News

[[Page 990]]

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stoddard, Mark: Freelance

Stoll, Karl: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Storey, Alfred: NBC News

Storey, Rodney: Fox News Channel

Strand, Paul L.: CBN News

Stratton, Frederick: MSNBC Pro

Strei, Jeff: Fox News Channel

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Stringer, Ashley King: CONUS Communications

Stromberg, Sven: Swedish Television

Strong, David: WTTG-Fox Television

Stroud, Andrea Diane: Talk Radio News Service

Stuart, Jessica: NBC News

Stubbs, James: PTSC/CNN

Stultz, Amanda: Reuters Television

Styles, Julian H.: CNN

Suddeth, Rick: Freelance

Suhonen, Alan: A.H. Belo Capitol Bureau

Suissa, Jimmy: PTSC/CNN

Sumler, Jennifer: Cox Broadcasting

Summers, George S.: Freelance

Sundstrom, Bert: Swedish Television

Surbey, Jason: C-SPAN

Suto, Ena: TV Asahi

Sutton, Robert T.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Sutton, Todd: NBC News Channel

Suzuki, Jun: Nippon TV Network

Swain, Susan M.: C-SPAN

Swan, David: Voice of America

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Michael D.: NBC4

Sweeney, David: National Public Radio

Swift, Kenneth: CBS News

Swiner, Ricardo: NBC News

Szaroleta, Marjorie: AP-Broadcast

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Television

Tang, Deborah: Black Entertainment Television

Tang, Scott: The NewsHour

Tarrant, Philippa: Reuters Television

Taylor, Allyson Ross: CBS News

Taylor, Ann: National Public Radio

Taylor, Charles W.: ABC News

Taylor, Daniel: PTSC/CNN

Taylor, Kelli: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Teeples, Joe: C-SPAN

Tenequer: Bob: RainDancer News Bureau

Terrell: Angela: Nightly Business Report

Terry: Janet: WUSA-TV

Tessler, Barton J.: Mutual/NBC Radio

Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

Thalman, Mark F.: NewsChannel 8

Thevessen, Elmar: German Television/ZDF

Thiele, Kim Denise: PTSC/CNN

Thinn, Soe: Radio Free Asia

Thomas, Andrew D.: Freelance

Thomas, Arthur: Black Entertainment Television

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas, Hugh: NewsChannel 8

Thompkins, Gwendolyn: National Public Radio

Thompson, Jerry: PTSC/CNN

Thompson, Lea Hopkins: NBC News

Thompson, Ron Talley: WTTG-Fox Television

Thorne, C. Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Thornton, Jr., Theodore E.: Black Entertainment Television

Tidler, David: Professional Video Services

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tobias, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Tollkuhn, Eckhard F.: Deutsche Welle German Television

Tollkuhn, Felicity J.: Deutsche Welle German Television

Tomko, Joe: Video News Service

Tomko, Stephen: Video News Service

Tomko, III, Joseph S.: Worldwide Television News

Toole, Mary Beth: Freelance

Torgerson, Ande: Fox News Channel

Torfey, Robert B.: PTSC/CNN

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Towne, Charles: CONUS Communications

Tracey, Patrick: Washington Bureau News Service

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Trengrove, James Albert: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Troop, William: The World

Troute, Dennis: Image Television

Trull, Armando: Univision News

Tsai, Gary C.: China Television Company

Tschida, Stephen John: NewsChannel 8

Tubbs, Robert V.: Worldnet-U.S.I.A TV

Tubies, Wilma: Wingspan Network-Aviation News

Tucker, Elke: German Television/ZDF

Tuel, Ted Richard: CONUS Communications

Tufeckgian, Denchali: WMAL Radio

Tull, Laura: Court TV

Tune, Melissa D.: Freelance

Tuohey, Ken: Nightly Business Report

Turnbull, Bill: British Broadcasting

Turner, Al Douglas: ABC News

Turnley, William: GVI

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Tyler, Sarah: APTV-Associated Press

Uchima, Charles K.: WTTG-Fox Television

Uchimiya, Ellen: Freelance

Udenans, Vija: ABC News

Uechtritz, Max: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

Ulery, Bradley: Hearst Broadcasting

Uliano, Richard: AP-Broadcast

Umrani, Anthony R.: PTSC/CNN

[[Page 991]]

Underwood, Colvin: NewsChannel 8

Urman, John F.: PTSC/CNN

Usaeva, Nadia: Radio Free Asia

Uyehara, Otto K.: WETA-TV

Valcarcel, Gus: APTV-Associated Press

Vallese, Julie W.: CNN

Vallete, Robert: Freelance

Van Der Wulp, Gerard: N.O.S. National TV The Netherlands

Van Nguyen, Khanh: Radio Free Asia

Van Susteren, Greta: CNN

Van de Bellen, Erin: NBC News

Vanasse, Robert: Talk Radio News Service

VanderVeen, Lawrence: Mobile Video Services

Vecchione, Allan: WJLA-TV

Veitch, William: Washington Bureau News Service

Velez, Yaromil: NBC News

Vennell, Vicki: ABC News

Verdi, Anthony: NBC News

Verenkotte, Clemens: German Public Radio/ARD

Verna, Terrie: NBC News

Vernon, Wes: CBS Radio

Veron, Ilyse J.: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Ververs, Vaughn: Freelance

Vadilla-Vidaurre, Oscar: Nuevo Mundo Network

Viddy, Laura: CNN

Vineys, Kevin S.: APTV-Associated Press

Vinson, Bryce: Fox News Channel

Viqueria, Michael: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Voth, Charles: WETA-TV

Vukmer, David: CONUS Communications

Waghorm, Dominic: London News Radio

Wagner, Paul C: WTOP Radio

Wakaizumi, Mitsuhiro: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Wakamatsu, Makoto: Fuji Television

Walker, Brian: Freelance

Walker, James W.: NewsChannel 8

Walker, Kevin C.: AP Broadcast

Walker, Tom: Fisher Broadcasting

Walker, William L.: CBS News

Wallace, James M.: National Public Radio

Wallace, John L.: Fox News Channel

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Joe: Mutual/NBC Radio

Walsh, Mary E.: CBS News

Walsh, Mary F.: ABC News

Walsh Gilmore, Mary Jo: WJLA-TV

Walter, Charles: ITN of London

Walters, Theodore: WJLA-TV

Walworth, A. MacKenzie: CNN

Walz, Mark: PTSC/CNN

Wanzer, John: NBC4

Ward, Derrick: WAMU-FM Radio

Ward, Stacey Y.: Black Entertainment Television

Warehime, Keith: C-SPAN

Warner, Christopher: Image Television

Warner, Craig: Mutual/NBC Radio

Warner, Margaret: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Ervin Steven: Nightly Business Report

Wasser, Fred: National Public Radio

Watkins, Felicia: Black Entertainment Television

Watkins, Richard T.: WJLA-TV

Watson, George H.: ABC News

Watson, James: NewsChannel 8

Watson, Walter Ray: National Public Radio

Watts, Chris: AP-Broadcast

Watts, Michael T.: CNN

Webb, Clifton: NewsChannel 8

Webb, David A.: WJLA-TV

Weinberg, Karin: National Public Radio

Weinfeld, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Weinreub, Lori K.: AP-Broadcast

Weinstein, Lori M.: Hearst Broadcasting

Weisskopf, Arlene: Freelance

Welby, Julianne: WAMU-FM Radio

Weldon, Harry: ABC News

Weller, George: Freelance

Wendy, Carla G.: Fox News Channel

Werner, Dan: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

West, Tanzi N.: ABC News

Westaway, Jennifer: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Westfall, Richard: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Westwood, Helen: ABC News

Weyrich, Stephen: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Wharton, Ned: National Public Radio

Whatley, Mike: NBC4

Wheatley, Marcia: Potomac Television

Wheelock, Robert S.: ABC News

Whelton, Danielle J.: CNN

White, Kenneth: Black Entertainment Television

Whiteman, Doug: AP-Broadcast

Whiteside, John P.: Freelance

Whitley, John: Professional Video Services

Whitney, Michael D.: Washington Bureau News Service

Widmer, Christopher: Freelance

Wiggins, Christopher: NBC News

Wik, Snorre: NewsChannel 8

Wilk, Wendy: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Williams, Danyell T.: National Public Radio

Williams, Debi: National Public Radio

Williams, John A.: Freelance

Williams, Karen: NBC News

Williams, Kenneth E.: CBS News

Williams, LaTanya: C-SPAN

Williams, Louis A.: NBC News

Williams, Robert Toney: NBC News

Williams, Ronald F.: WUSA-TV

Willingham, Dave: NewsChannel 8

Willis, Judith: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

[[Page 992]]

Willman, Dale A.: CNN

Wilmeth, Mary Dorman: NBC News

Wilson, Brenda: National Public Radio

Wilson, Brian G.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilson, George: American Urban Radio Networks

Wilson, Kristin: Freelance

Wilson, Leigh: Freelance

Wilson, Stephanie S.: WUSA-TV

Windall, Carline: National Public Radio

Windham, R. Craig: National Public Radio

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Wines, Karen: ABC News

Winkler, Alice: National Public Radio

Winkler, Melissa: Voice of America

Winslow, Linda: The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer

Winter, Sonia: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Wisotzky, Jaimee: C-SPAN

Witt, Holger: German Television/ARD

Witten, Robert: Freelance

Wittlif, Marc R.: Talk Radio News Service

Wolfe, Randy: CBS News

Wolff, Sarah: Canadian Broadcasting Corporation

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Paula: Voice of America

Womack, Laura: WAMU-FM Radio

Wood, Geneviere E.: NET-Political NewsTalk Network

Wood, Wayne C.: NBC4

Woods, Madelyne: WJLA-TV

Woods, Stephanie: Nightly Business Report

Wooten, Rodney: Black Entertainment Television

Wordlaw, Gary: WJLA-TV

Wordock, John: Bloomberg Business News

Works, Karol Lyn: Potomac Television

Wotring, Melanie J.: NewsChannel 8

Wright, Brad: CNN

Wright, Crystal S.: ABC News

Wright, Cynthia: WJLA-TV

Wright, Kim: NewsChannel 8

Wright, Linda D.: C-SPAN

Wright, Miriam: WUSA-TV

Wu, Annie: WAMU-FM Radio

Wu, Hsiang-San: Taiwan Television Enterprise

Wurz, Sandra A.: CONUS Communications

Wyatt, Magaly: CBS Telenoticias

Wynn, Audrey: National Public Radio

Wysocki, Jennifer: CNN

Xiao, Yan: Chinese Television Network

Yamada, Junko: Nippon TV Network

Yanaga, Keisuke: Nippon TV Network

Yang, Bettina: Chinese Television Network

Yang, Carter M.: ABC News

Yang, Eun: WUSA-TV

Yates, H. William: Freelance

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio

Yianopoulus, Karen: Fox News Channel

Young, Melissa: ABC News

Young, Nicole: Hearst Broadcasting

Young, Rebekah: CNN

Young, Robert L.: Metro Teleproductions Inc.

Young, Sandra L.: WTTG-Fox Television

Young, Thomas: AP-Broadcast

Young, Tom: WTTG-Fox Television

Yus, Francisca G.: PTSC/CNN

Zabych, Mike: C-SPAN

Zachurski, Tadeusz: Polskie Radio

Zafiropulos, Steve: NewsChannel 8

Zang, GuoHua: Chinese Television Network

Zeidman, Jennifer: CNN

Zelnick, C. Robert: ABC News

Zerros, Stratis J.: Freelance

Zodun, Albert N.: NBC4

Zomorodi, Manoush: British Broadcasting

Zosso, Elizabeth: C-SPAN

Zucker, Joy Allison: NewsChannel 8

Zwadiuk, Oleh: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Zwerdling, Daniel: National Public Radio

[[Page 993]]



              NETWORKS, STATIONS, AND SERVICES REPRESENTED

            Senate Gallery 224-6421    House Gallery 225-5214

A.H. BELO CAPITOL BUREAU--(202) 661-8471; 1325 G Street, NW #250 20005: 
Thomas Ackerman, Sharon Bender, Matthew Braatz, David Martin Cassidy, 
Jonathan E. Drum, Jim Fry, Jeff Goldblatt, Michael Goldfein, Stacy 
Hutchins, Michael Kornely, Scot Lawrence, Carolyn Presutti, Phillip Smith, 
George Snyder, Alan Suhonen.

ABC NEWS--(202) 222-7700; 1717 DeSales Street, NW 20036: Douglas Adams, 
Robin C. Adlerblum, Lynne Adrine, Douglas Allmond, Nancy J. Ambrose, James 
F. Ashe, Christina Babarovic, Mark Banks, Jon Bascom, John H. Bauer, Bob 
Bender, Catherine A. Berger, Thomas Bettag, John J. Bilotta, Kenneth L. 
Blaylock, Glennwood Branche, Charles L. Breiterman, Mark E. Brender, Sam 
Brooks, Henry Metric Brown, Hal Bruno, A'Lelia Bundles, Chris Bury, 
Elizabeth Carden, Chris Carlson, Hyunju Chang, Martin Clancy, Robert E. 
Clark, John Cochran, Richard Coolidge, Robert Corbey, Pam Coulter, Robert 
Crawford, Andrew Cremedas, Patrick Cullen, Thomas J. D'Annibale, Anne 
Davenport, Karla Davis, Ernest Davy, Ariane deVogue, Terry DeWitt, Tom 
DiBacco, Henry Disselkamp, Peter M. Doherty, Sam Donaldson, John Donvan, 
Linda Diane Douglass, Kathleen Drew, Jonathan Ebinger, James W. Eldridge, 
Andrew Field, Charles Finamore, Diane J. Forcey, Andrew R. Field, Vincent 
Gaito, John J. Gallagher, George R. Gerlach, Joshua A. Gerstein, Thomas 
Giusto, Stuart O. Gordon, Robin Gradison, Myra P. Green, William Greenwood, 
Bettina L. Gregory, Andrew Gross, Charles Herman, David Herndon, Fletcher 
H. Johnson, Julie Johnson, Kenneth Johnson, William R. Johnson, Steven 
Joya, Jacqueline Judd, Sara Just, Joy Kalfopulos, Sheilah Kast, Deborah 
Kempf, Jerry King, John W. Knott, John C. LaMonica, Laura Logan, Beverley 
C. Lumpkin, Ellsworth Lutz, David Marash, James T. Martin, John J. Martin, 
Luis E. Martinez, Michel McQueen, John McWethy, Portia R. Migas, Daniel 
Morris, Dean E. Norland, Tim O'Brien, Herb O'Connor, Gillian Parker, Jay 
Patterson, Victor Ratner, William Redding, Kathleen N. Revitte, Corinne B. 
Roberts, George Romilly, Richard Rosenbaum, Gary Rosenberg, Howard 
Schoenholtz, Joseph S. Serensits, Richard Sergay, Scott N. Sforza, John 
Sheahan, Thomas Shine, John Siceloff, Madhulika Sikka, M.D. Silverstein, 
Carole Simpson, Cynthia L. Smith, Jack P. Smith, George Sozio, Eric Van 
Speights, Matthew Speiser, Christine J. Sperrazza, Robin Sproul, Lisa 
Stark, Charles W. Taylor, Al Douglas Turner, Vija Udenans, Vicki Vennell, 
Mary F. Walsh, George H. Watson, Harry Weldon, Tanzi N. West, Helen 
Westwood, Robert S. Wheelock, Karen Wines, Crystal S. Wright, Carter M. 
Yang, Melissa Young, C. Robert Zelnick.

AP-BROADCAST--(202) 736-9500; 1825 K Street, NW 20006: Amanda Barnett, 
Jeffery Baron, Joni Beall, Gerald Bodlander, Camille Bohannon, Carlotta L. 
Bradley, Larry Brown, Mark Carlson, Karen Chase, Steven E. Coleman, Lalnie 
Contreras, Carol Esler, Rita M. Foley, Oscar Wells Gabriel, Jennifer 
Garske, Heather Greenfield, Michael J. Hammer, Mark A. Hamrick, Cynthia 
Hecht, Ken C. Herrera, Walter R. Hindes, Derrill E. Holly, Peggy Johannsen, 
Brad Kalbfeld, Jennifer Kerr, Eugene Kim, Sandy Kozel, Thelma LeBrecht, 
Francis J. Limbach, Kathryn Loomans, James Ludwin, Lisa N. Matthews, Kate 
McKenna, David R. Melendy, Adrienne Metil, Bryant T. Michaud, James 
Militello, David R. Ochs, Mary Peters, Timothy Ratns, Joseph Reid, Paul A. 
Reilly, Chuck Rice, William V. Royster, Nancy L. Sargeant, Mark S. Smith, 
Phil Soucheray, Marjorie Szaroleta, Ed Tobias, Richard Uliano, Kevin 
Walker, Chris Watts, Michael Weinfeld, Lori K. Weinreub, Doug Whiteman, 
Thomas Young.

APTV-ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 736-9595; 1825 K Street, NW 20006: Teresa 
Albor, Marc Augenbraum, Louise Bamfield, Patricia N. Beckman, Tracey Ann 
Brown, Ann N. Buffington, Daniele D'Amico, Kelly Daschle, Steve Fluty, 
Richard S. Gentilo, James Gorman, Daniel R. Huff, Kristine Kelleher, Philip 
L. LeCroy, Christine Nyirjesy-Bragale, Jose Javier Sierra, Cindy Smith, 
Sarah Tyler, Gus Valcarcel, Kevin S. Vineys.

AIRWAVES, INC.--(301) 215-7171; 4300 Montgomery Avenue, #303 Bethesda, MD 
20814: Rick Alfredson, Michelle Becker, Tracy Bernstein, Paul C. Gavin, 
Bonnie A. Haynes, Joelle Norwood.

ALASKA PUBLIC RADIO--(202) 362-1699; 2801 Quebec Street, NW #505 20008: 
Joel L. Southern.

AMERICA'S DEFENSE MONITOR--(202) 862-0700; 1500 Massachusetts Avenue, NW 
20005: Glenn Baker, Stephen Sapienza.

AMERICAN RADIO AND TV, INC.--(202) 822-8774; 1825 K Street, NW #507: Daniel 
Rocha, Samuel Rocha.

AMERICAN URBAN RADIO NETWORKS--(800) 456-4211; 627 Jefferson Street, NE 
20011: April Ryan, George Wilson.

AUDIO-VIDEO NEWS--(703) 354-6795; 3622 Stanford Circle Falls Church, VA 
22041: Connie Lawn.

[[Page 994]]

AUSTRALIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION--(202) 626-5170; 529 14th Street, NW 
#510 20045: Jimmy Balsamo, Tony Jones, Woody Landay, Phillip Lasker, Brett 
Ramsey, Janet E. Silver, Kelli Taylor, Max Uechtritz.

AUSTRIAN RADIO AND TV/ORF--(202) 822-9570; 1206 Eton Court, NW 20007: 
Hildegard Banes, Eugen A. Freund, Raimund Loew, Andreas Pfeifer, Douglas M 
Robinson, Graham L. Scott, Jacquetta J. Searle-Grey, Lauren Silva-Pinto.

BANDEIRANTES NETWORK-BRAZIL--(202) 363-5694; 3101 New Mexico Avenue, NW 
#815 20016: Chris Delboni.

THE BERNS BUREAU--(202) 628-1430; 400 North Capitol Street, NW #183 20001: 
Wendy A. Goldman, Matthew Kaye.

BLACK ENTERTAINMENT TELEVISION--(202) 608-2000; 1900 W Street, NE 20018: 
John C. Avery, Rovenia M. Brook, Kelly M. Carter, C. Jaci Clark, Sabrina 
Dames, Laura Gene Daughtery, Sheila Douglas, Donna Foster-Dotson, Lura 
Annette Gibbs, Richard T. Gibbs, David Grain, Helena D. Johnson, Donna 
Lacey, Cheryl Martin, Doxie A. McCoy, Chris Melville, Charles Montgomery, 
Jr., Corey B. Moore, Prenella Neely, Patricia A. Newman, Shaun Parker, 
Richard Perkins, Anthony Pittman, Darryl Player, Jean R. Renaud, Charles 
Robinson, Melanie E. Siler, Deborah Tang, Arthur Thomas, Theodore E. 
Thornton, Jr., Stacey Y. Ward, Felicia Watkins, Kenneth White, Rodney 
Wooten.

BLOOMBERG BUSINESS NEWS--(202) 624-1800; 529 14th Street, NW #228 20045: 
Irwin M. Chapman, Jonathan Felger, Roland Morrisette, Julie Slattery, Tina 
Stage, John Wordock.

BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION--(202) 737-3100; 400 North Capitol 
Street, #156 20001: Ronald Ray Eisenbarth, Marlis Majerus, Charles L. 
Sherrill.

BRITISH BROADCASTING--(202) 223-2050; 2030 M Street, NW #607 20036: Sharon 
Blanchet, Claire Bolderson, Stuart Cohen, Lynn M. Dalton, Amanda Jane 
Farnsworth, Kristy Gavin, Gavin James Hewitt, Jeremy Hillman, Katty Kay, 
Bridget Kendall, Maxine Mawhinney, Elizabeth P. Miller, Chris Morris, 
Andrew Roy, Steve Selman, Philip Short, Bill Turnbull, Manoush Zomorodi.

BROADCAST NEWS, LTD--(202) 638-3368; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW 20001: 
Brian Kennedy.

BROADCASTING CORPORATION OF CHINA--(301) 881-4466; 1641 E. Jefferson 
Street, #104 Rockville, MD 20852: Ping Liu.

C-NET--(202) 626-7989; 444 North Capitol Street #601D 20009: Mariko 
Ikehara.

C-SPAN--(202) 737-3220; 400 North Capitol Street, #650 20001: Elizabeth 
Aiken, Kenny Alexander, Thomas Alldredge, Theresa L. Amirault, Chiara 
Andres, Nick Aretakis, Douglas Bailey, Michelle Bailor, Shepard B. Bennett, 
Jay Berk, Brett Betsill, Amanda Boskent, Constance D. Brod, Paul Brown, 
Craig Brownstein, Susan Bundock, Kevin Burch, Leslie Burdick, David Byrd, 
Nancy Calo-Christianson, Craig Caplan, Stephen Carpenter, Steven Chaggaris, 
Jim Clark, Amie Cogan, Josh Cohen, Kathryn Cole, Eloise Collingwood, Bruce 
Collins, William Conover, Jeffrey Conrad, Liam Currier, Matthew Dauchess, 
Deborah Derrick, Steve Devoney, Jerry Echols, Gary Ellenwood, Seth Engel, 
Gregory Fabic, Daniel Farkas, Mark Farkas, Rick Gabala, Regina Gardner-
Johnson, Garney Gary, Joyce Genter, Maria Gildea, Jacqueline Gill, Patrice 
Gordon, Paul Grachow, Richard Hall, Mohamed Hanoura, Eric Hansen, Maurice 
Haynes, Colin Hazard, William Heffley, Vernon Herald, Douglas Heyman, 
Wilton Hill, Regina Hunter, Pablo Izquierdo, Douglas Johnson, Leona Jordan, 
Ruth Kane, Paul Kangas, Jane Karakashian, Barry Katz, Robert G. Kennedy, 
Roxane Kerr, Lewis Ketcham, Kevin King, Donna Lacey, Brian Lamb, Hope 
Landy, Darren Larade, Kevin Leonard, Edward Lewis, Michael Marcus, Kiersten 
Marshall, Valerie Matthews, Michael McCann, Sean McCann, Kevin J. McClam, 
Julia McGraw, Matthew McGuire, Kate Mills, Diane Morris, Daniel Morton, 
Julian Mulvey, Luis A. Munoz, Kathy Murphy, Terence Murphy, Meka Nelson, 
Thomas Neve, IIona Nickles, Paul Orgel, Michael Patruznick, Ines Perez, 
Chad Pergram, Maura Pierce, Annette Pillon, Anne Preloh, Lisa Price, Deanne 
Reddy, Robert Reilly, Deborah Richerson, Fred Sampaio, Sherry Sanders-
Smith, Ernest Saunders, Jason Scanlon, John Scheuer, Ellen Schweiger, 
Steven Scully, Chinyere Sims, Peter Slen, Sean Slone, Raeshawn Smith, 
Bradley Speare, Alan Speck, Robert Spence, Eric Stepney, Jason Surbey, 
Susan M. Swain, Joe Teeples, Brandon Tilman, Annie Tin, Keith Warehime, 
Kevin Washburn, LaTanya Williams, Ruthann Winterhalter, Jaimee Wisotzky, 
Linda Wright, Michael Zabych, Elizabeth Zosso.

CBN NEWS--(202) 833-2707; 1111 19th Street, NW #950 20036: Robert Allen, 
Frank Becker, Randall Brooks, Melissa Charbonneau, Michael A. Garofalo, 
John Kenneth Lormand, Ron Magnuson, D. Matthew Martin, John Mueller, Emily 
S. Murray, John M. O'Leary, Emily A. Roach, Marcos A. Salinas, Michael L. 
Schaff, Paul L. Strand.

CBS NEWS--(202) 457-4444; 2020 M Street, NW 20036: Thomas Albano, Wyatt 
Andrews, Howard Arenstein, Robert Armstrong, Sharyl Attkisson, Barry 
Bagnato, Bruce Barr, Brenda Box, Rita Braver, David Caravello, George 
Christian, Barbara Cochran, Alfred Colby, Paul H. Corum, Pham Cuong Gia, 
Walter C. Dean, Arlene Dillon, Lois Dyer, Eric Engberg, Tony Furlow, Hal E. 
Furman, Benson Ginsburg, Jeff Goldman, Neil J. Grasso, David Gross, Tom 
Haederle, Mary K. Hager, Dierdre Hester, Pham Boi Hoan, Dennis Jamison, 
Tracy Johnke, Nancy Johns, Phil Jones, Adriene Jordan, Mark Katkov, Mark 
Knoller, Stephanie Lambidakis, Donald A Lee, Amy Lehrman, Denise Li, Matt 
Lowe, Dotty Lynch, David C. Martin, Mary Martin, Thomas A. Mattesky, James 
McGlinchy, Michael McGuire, Jill Meyer, Richard Meyer, Dana Miller, Russell 
Mitchell, Heather Murphy, Donna Nelson, John

[[Page 995]]

Nolen, Robert Orr, Alberto Ortiz, Rebecca S. Peterson, Byron A. Pitts, 
William Plante, Carin Pratt, Diana Quinn, Gabe Romero, Howard L. Rosenberg, 
Roxanne Russell, Robert Schieffer, Emily Schultze, Traci Ann Scott, Thomas 
H. Seem, Gregory Shaffir, Kimberlee V. Shaffir, Dennis Shannon, William J. 
Skane, Terence Smith, Susan R. Spencer, Mary Spillane, David E. Stanford, 
James Stewart, Gabriel Stix, Kenneth Swift, Allyson Ross Taylor, Evelyn 
Thomas, Thomas E. Tillman, Peter C. Traynham, Dan D. Tutman, Mary E. Walsh, 
Kenneth E. Williams, Randy Wolfe, Charles Wolfson.

CBS RADIO--(202) 457-4370; 2020 M Street, NW 20036: Pam Coulter, Tracy Lyn 
Johnke, Nancy M. Johns, Jerome Navies, Ivan Scott, Wes Vernon.

CBS TELENOTICIAS--(202) 887-9079; 1333 H Street, NW 20005: Luis Figueroa, 
Pablo Teijeino Gato, Lorestina Montenegro, Victor Reyes, Magaly Wyatt.

CMI TV NEWS AND RADIONET--(202) 822-8774; 1825 K Street, NW #507 20006: 
Ione Indrira Molinares.

CNN--(202) 898-7900; 820 First Street, NE 20002: Michael M. Ahlers, 
Jonathan F. Aiken, Nurith Aizenman, Mark Allen, Kyoko Altman, Kelli Arena, 
Jennifer Avellino, Brian Barger, Ralph J. Begleiter, Pamela S. Benson, 
Peter Bergen, Charles Bierbauer, John Bisney, Wolf Blitzer, Cary 
Bodenheimer, Kevin Bohn, Craig A. Broffman, Matthew Byrne, Michael 
Clemente, James T. Connor, Rebecca Cooper, Carol A. Cratty, Karla 
Crosswhite, Candy Alt Crowley, Ann J. Curley, Jack Date, Patricia A. Davis, 
Patrick Alan Davis, Richard Davis, Carin Dessauer, William Dorman, Jill M. 
Dougherty, Thomas J. Dunlavey, Lisa R. Durham, Christy Feig, Sam E. Feist, 
Marlene Fernandez, Beth Fouhy, Robert Franken, Elissa Blake Free, Joanne 
Fuchs, David Futrowsky, Amos Gelb, Judah Ginsberg, Stephanie Goldstein, 
Christopher Guarino, Eugenia Halsey, Jody Hassett, William W. Headline, 
James Heller, Natailie Hohn, Sarah B. Holland, Christian Hudson, Janice 
Hui, Brooks Jackson, Britt Kahn, Amy E. Kasarda, Charles F. Keyes, Kimberly 
Kleine, Kathleen Koch, Gary Krakower, Jack Krost, Jeffrey B. Levine, 
Frances L. Lewine, Kim J. Linden, Tamara Linderman, Skip Loescher, John V. 
Lynn, Vito Maggiolo, Michael L. Maltas, Penelope Manis, Jennifer Martin, 
Timothy McCaughan, Michael McGill, Mark McHugh, Micheal P. McManus, William 
C. Mears, Jeanne M. Meserve, Zach Messitte, Scott Miller, Bruce Morton, 
Jill Neff, Virginia Nicolaidis, Lauren Oltarsh, David Ottalini, D. Todd 
Philips, Elizabeth Pizza, Mara Raphael, Patrick T. Reap, Owen Renfro, Laura 
Robinson, John M. Roche, Carl Rochelle, H. Michael Roselli, Diane Ruggiero, 
Sarah Ruth, Kristine K. Schantz, Louise L. Schiavone, Frank Sesno, Joann 
Sierra, Amy R. Silver, Marc Sklar, Andrea Slattery, Kathy Slobogin, Bill 
Smee, Eric Solomon, Peggy M. Soucy, David Spaeth, Philip Scott Spoerry, 
LeeAnn Stauffer, Kathryn E. Steinhilber, Pamela Stevens, Amy Stewart, 
Julian H. Styles, Sherrell Swanier, Julie W. Vallese, Greta Van Susteren, 
Laura Viddy, A. MacKenzie Walworth, Michael T. Watts, Danielle J. Whelton, 
Dale A. Willman, Brad Wright, Jennifer Wysocki, Rebekah Young, Jennifer 
Zeidman.

CONUS COMMUNICATIONS--(202) 467-5618; 1825 K Street, NW 9th Floor 20006: 
Jeff Ballou, Julia Bushyhead, Bob Costantini, Plummer Crawley, George E. 
Fridrich, Jennifer B. Gallay, Jim Gately, Bryant C. Gourdie, Thomas Hass, 
Brian Hopkins, Myron A. Leake, Liza Liss, Amy S. Meringer, Mary Miller, 
Jennifer Pennybacker, Natasha S. Perkins, Almon L. Porter, Pat A. Pugliese, 
Anne Marie Riha, Patrick Rogers, Tim Patrick Rudell, Carl Schick, Dalfa 
Sell, Robert Soneira, Ashley King Stringer, Charles Towne, Ted Richard 
Tuel, David Vukmer, Sandra A. Wurz.

CTV TELEVISION NETWORK--(202) 466-3595; 2030 M Street, NW #602, 20036: 
Tobias Fisher, Alan Fryer, Catherine Loper, Charles MacDonald, Jim 
MacDonald.

CABLE NEWS 21--(202) 424-1730; 7548 Standish Place Rockville, MD 20855: 
Karen Allyn.

CANADIAN BROADCASTING--(202) 383-2905; 529 14th Street, NW #500, 20045: 
Keith Boag, Henry S. Champ, Sylvain Coudoux, Joanne L. Elgart, David Hall, 
David Halton, George Hoff, Micheline Laflamme, Pierre-Leon Lafrance, Bill 
Loucks, Michael McDowell, Lynne M. McIntyre, Julie Miville-Dechene, Helene 
Y. Parenteau, Yves Peltier, Sylvain Richard, Timothy Richards, Jennifer 
Westaway, Sarah Wolff.

CAPITAL TV NETWORK--(703) 369-3400; P.O. Box 3150, Manassas, VA 22110: 
Lester R. Raker, Patrick L. Raker, Roger A. Raker.

CAPSTONE PRODUCTIONS--(301) 948-1468; 12002 Citrus Grove Road, North 
Potomac, MD 20878: Jackson H. Polk.

CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF CHILE TELEVISION--(202) 298-6839; 3435 R Street, NW 
#22, 20007: Margarita Castro.

CHANNEL EARTH--(301) 942-1996; 9915 Hillridge Drive, Kensington, MD 20895: 
Allison D. Aubrey, Patrick B. Haggerty.

CHANNEL ONE NEWS--(202) 296-5937; 1825 K Street, NW #915,20006: Sharon 
McGill.

CHINA RADIO INTERNATIONAL--(703) 892-4572; 2000 South Eads Street, #713 
Arlington, VA 22202: Jun Dong, Zhenbang Dong.

CHINA TELEVISION COMPANY--(202) 393-3604; 400 North Capitol Street, #177, 
20001: Gary C. Tsai.

CHINA CENTRAL TELEVISION WASHINGTON BUREAU--(202) 362-7382; 4601 
Connecticut Avenue, NW #317, 20008: Jun Gao, Zhengzhu Liu.

CHINESE TELEVISION SYSTEM--(202) 662-8950; 529 14th Street, NW #1273, 
20045: Chen-fang Chung.

[[Page 996]]

CHINESE TELEVISION NETWORK WASHINGTON BUREAU--(202) 331-9110; 1705 DeSales 
Street, NW, 2nd Floor, 20036; Roger Hsu, Rong Li, Enming Liu, Ning Rong 
Liu, Chiachi Lu, Yan Xiao, Bettina Yang, GuoHua Zang.

CHRISTIAN BROADCASTING SYSTEM--(202) 737-6031; 529 14th Street, NW #1257A 
20045: Myon-taek Han.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR RADIO--(202) 822-0055; 910 16th Street, NW 20006: 
Monica Brady, Jim Kane, Darraine Maxwell, Duncan R. Moon.

CNBC--(202) 467-5400; 1825 K Street, NW #1003, 20006: Peter Barnes, Matthew 
P. Cuddy, Stephen Dowling Jr., Louise Ellen Filkins, Robin Gellman, Hampton 
Pearson, Alen Rochkind, James Vail.

COMM*TECH NEWS--(202) 338-1215; 4410 Lingan Road, NW 20007: Stephen Banker.

COMMUNITY TELEVISION OF PRINCE GEORGE'S--(301) 386-7628; 9475 Lottsford 
Road, NW #125 Largo, MD 20774: Stacey L. Cohan, Paul M. Crosariol, Curtis 
A. Crutchfield, Kim Korich, Ara A. Laughlin.

CONTACT MIDDLE EAST--(202) 783-0337; 529 14th Street, NW #1122, 20045: Adel 
Malek.

COURT TV--(202) 828-0366; 1730 M Street, NW #802, 20036: Thomas J. Bagnall, 
Robin Binder, James W. Davis, Stephanie Frix, Chris Gordon, Marietta S. 
Lee, Eva M. Rodriguez, Robert Schmidt, Laura Tull.

COX BROADCASTING--(202) 737-0277; 400 North Capitol Street, #189 20001: 
Leslie Baker, Andy Cassells, David Chase, Mark Curtis, Jamie Dupree, Cesar 
Flores, Steve Gasque, Paul Hollenbeck, Martin Kos, Alison Schafer, Jennifer 
Sumler, Zelda Wallace.

DANISH BROADCASTING--(202) 785-1957; 2030 M Street, NW #700 20036: Torsten 
Jansen, Torben Rasmussen, Peter Sigsgaard.

DEUTSCHE WELLE GERMAN TELEVISION--(703) 931-6644; 2800 Shirlington Road, 
#901 Arlington, VA 22206: Nicholas P. Beery, Nicholas Buschschlueter, 
Dagmar E.H. Engel, Kristin N. Foellmer, Constantin Klein, Lawrence LaComa, 
Chris Robinson, Eckhard F. Tollkuhn, Felicity J. Tollkuhn.

DEUTSCHLAND RADIO--(703) 821-3792; 6703 Lupine Lane McLean, VA 22101: 
Siegfried Buschschluter.

DISPATCH BROADCAST GROUP--(202) 737-4630; 529 14th Street, NW #1152, 20045: 
Rhonda Pence, Richard Puckett.

DOW JONES TELEVISION--(202) 862-6627; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW #800 
20036: Paul Courson, Natalie Hohn.

DUTCH TELEVISION/NCRV--(703) 276-0558; 3717 North Nelson Street Arlington, 
VA 22207: Ray Brislin.

DUTCH PUBLIC TELEVISION/NOVA--(202) 775-2960; 2030 M Street, NW #400, 
20036: Carolus Groenhuijsen.

DUTCH RADIO AND TELEVISION KRO--(703) 276-0558; 3717 North Nelson Street, 
Arlington, VA 22207: David Hammelburg.

EO DUTCH TV AND RADIO--(540) 341-0325; 5055 Rock Spring Road Waventon, VA 
20187: John P. Elliott.

ESPN--(202) 363-9804; 3309 MaComb Street, NW 20008: Julie Chrisco.

EUROPEAN BROADCASTING UNION--(202) 775-1295; 2030 M Street, NW 20036: Susan 
Henderson, Olivier Hinnewikel, Lorraine Mottola.

FEDERAL NETWORK, INC.--119 North Henry Street Arlington, VA 22301: Keith 
Carney.

FINNISH BROADCASTING--(202) 785-2087; 2030 M Street, NW 20036: Edward R. 
Castner, Risto Johnson, Sinikka Siekkinen.

FISHER BROADCASTING--(202) 783-0322; 444 North Capitol Street, #601, 20001: 
Glenn Elvington, Megan McConagha, Tom Walker.

FOX NEWS CHANNEL--(202) 824-6369; 400 North Capitol Street, NW #915, 20001: 
Victor Ed. Acevedo, Scott J. Alexander, James L. Angle, Julie Asher, Anne 
Ball, Bruce C. Becker, Brian Boughton, Janet Boyd, Molly A. Boyle, Edgar 
Brown, Carl Cameron, Michael Carpel, Steve Centanni, Kelly Chernenkoff, 
Patrice Chung, Richard Cockerham, Bryan Cole, Rita Cosby, Lauren Crowley, 
Richard B. DiBella, James Jed Duvall, Jerry L. Echols, Bruce Edwards, 
Clifford Feldman, Bruce Ferder, Joan Fiddle, Christian Galdabini, Wendell 
Goler, Augusto Gomez, Ute W. Gunn, Gregg Gursky, Fred Haberstick, Tammy 
Haddad, Kendall Hagan, Michael E. Hagerty, Nancy Harmeyer, Dana Hill, Steve 
Hirsh, Brian Hollingsworth, Dawn Holly, Moira Hopkins, Kim Hume, Judith 
Jankowski, Meg Kaplan, Carol Kaufmann, Grigory Khananayev, Natalie Anne 
Kirschner, Llissa Klein, Judlyne Lilly, Susan Lindauer, Bill Line, Wayne 
Lowman, Laura W. Luhn, Yolanda Maggi, Jim Mills, Jennifer Oliva, Gavin 
Owen-Thomas, Jack Pagano, Lisa Rizzolo, John Roper, Catherine Sargent, 
Craig Savage, Andy Schwartz, Carl Sears, Christine Sellai, Steve Shelton, 
Laura Shemonsky, David Shott, David Shuster, Tony Snow, Rodney Storey, Jeff 
Strei, Ande Torgerson, Ellen Uchimiya, Bryce Vinson, John L. Wallace, Carla 
G. Wendy, Karen Yianopoulus.

FUJI TELEVISION--(202) 347-1600; 529 14th Street, NW #330, 20045: Peter 
Gold, Yuji Kuroiwa, Amy Margolius, Tateki Muratani, Osamu Sorimachi, Makoto 
Wakamatsu.

GANCIE TELEVISION, INC.--(202) 885-4280; 4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW 20016: 
Chad Findlay, Vincent M. Gancie, Joe Rose, Joan Roskosh.

[[Page 997]]

GANNETT NEWS MEDIA--(703) 276-5967; 1000 Wilson Boulevard 22nd Floor 
Arlington, VA 22229: Kirsten Olsen.

GERMAN BROADCASTING/ARD--(202) 298-6535; 3132 M Street, NW 20007: Ingolf 
Karnahl, Gunnar Schultz-Burkel.

GERMAN PUBLIC RADIO/ARD--(202) 625-2503; 1200 Eton Court, NW #200 20007: 
Hannelore Jones, Hans-Jurgen Maurus, Ingolf Rackwitz, Clemens Verenkotte.

GERMAN RADIO NDR/WDR--(202) 342-1730; 3132 M Street, NW 20007: Horst 
Duisberg-Klaeuser, Udo Koelsch, Sabine Reifenberg, Bernd Julius Schroeder.

GERMAN TV AGENCY--(202) 393-7571; 529 14th Street, NW #1199, 20045: Roger 
Horne, Tipp K. McClure.

GERMAN TELEVISION/ARD--(202) 298-6535; 3132 M Street, NW 20007: Charles F. 
Borniger, Herta Borniger, Tom Buhrow, Sabine Hoffman, Monika Kaiser, Ingolf 
Karnahl, Georg Kellerman, Claus Detlev Kleber, Thea Luise Rosenbaum, Jenny 
Schenk, Hans-Peter Schloemer, Gunnar Schltz-Burkel, Frank Schuetzeichel, 
Stephanie B. Slewka, Werner Sonne, Holger Witt.

GERMAN TELEVISION/ZDF--(202) 333-3909; 1077 31st Street, NW 20007: Heike 
Diel, Laura Downhower, Jens Heik, Jutta Hickman, Rolanda Johnson, Georg 
Juenger, Alice Kelley, Anja Korth, Peter Kruse, Werner Lelle, Joerg Mahler, 
Douglas McCash, Scott McCash, Siri Nyrop, Katharina Oesterwinter, Peter 
Peleger, Hildrun Rowe, Michael Schmitz, Klaus-Peter Siegloch, Michael 
Stagneth, Elmar Thevessen, Elke Tucker.

GERMANY TELEVISION/RTL--(202) 530-0829; 1825 K Street, #915 20006: Barbara 
Biemann, Christof Lang.

GLOBAL TV CANADA--(202) 310-5457; 1333 H Street, NW #505, 20005: Allison 
Butler, Carl Hanlon.

GLOBALVISION--(202) 546-7760; 617 8th Street, NE 20002: Gary Keith Griffin.

GREEK TELEVISION - RADIO--(202) 253-6336; 4201 Massachusetts Avenue, NW 
#A249, 20016: Dimitrios Apokis.

HAMILTON PRODUCTIONS--(703) 734-5444; 7732 Georgetown Pike McLean, VA 
22102: Jay Hamilton, John A. Hamilton, Anne Hamilton Deger, Randy Littman.

HEARST BROADCASTING--(202) 457-0220; 1825 K Street, NW #720 20006: William 
S.D. Connor, Julie Kirtz Garrett, Gary Griffith, Martha Johnson, Keith B. 
Plummer, Bradley Ulery, Lori M. Weinstein, Nicole Young.

INT OF LONDON--(202) 429-9080; 400 North Capitol Street, #899 20001: Marie 
Cerletty, James Mates, James Schule, Ben Scotchbrook, Chris Shlemon, David 
Smith, Charles Walter.

IMAGE TELEVISION--(202) 833-3222; 1705 DeSales Street, NW #550 20036: Evan 
Blaustein, Ann Conanan, John M. Cooper, Robert Gray, Heidi K. Hanson, 
Michael C. Judge, Dennis Troute, Christopher Warner.

INSIDE SCIENCE--(301) 248-6957; 9614 Pamelia Place Fort Washington, MD 
20744: Charles Hagar.

INTERSTAR TV--(703) 931-0586; 5010 7th Road South, #202 Arlington, VA 
22204: Ibrahim Serdar Akinan.

KOREAN BROADCASTING SYSTEM-- (202) 347-4013; 529 14th & F Streets, NW #414, 
20045: Sang Woon Kim.

LONDON NEWS RADIO--(703) 797-2159; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, NW #205 20036: 
Catherine Drew, Emma Gray, Simon Marks, Nancy Marshall, Dominic Waghorn.

MSNBC PRO--(202) 639-9448; 400 North Capitol Street, NW #353 20001: Clayton 
Brown, Ward Lassoe, Fausto Ramon, Frederick Stratton.

MAINSTREET TV--(202) 822-0036; 918 16th Street, NW #400 20006: Hodding 
Carter.

MANIFOLD PRODUCTIONS--(202) 333-1095; 2804 39th Street, NW 20007: Michael 
Pack.

MARKETPLACE RADIO--(202) 223-6699; 1333 H Street, NW #1200 West 20005: John 
Dimsdale, Susan Goodman, Cynthia Ingle.

MARYLAND PUBLIC TELEVISION--(410) 356-5600; 11767 Owings Mills Boulevard, 
Owings Mills, MD 21117: Stephen Kremer.

MEDILL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 347-8700; 1325 G Street, NW #730 20005: Jeremy 
Birnholtz, Mary B. Coffman, Sharon Downey.

METRO NETWORKS, WASHINGTON--(301) 718-4949; 5454 Wisconsin Avenue, NW Chevy 
Chase, MD 20815: James Hawk.

METRO NEWS NETWORK--Hal P. Hubbard, John Irving.

METRO TELEPRODUCTIONS INC.--(301) 608-9077; 8750 Georgia Avenue, #144 
Silver Spring, MD 20910: Jennifer Grafton, Dave Lilling, Julio Luzquinos, 
Robert L. Young.

MID-ATLANTIC MEDIA--(703) 893-8893; 8375 Leesburg Pike, #380 Vienna, VA 
22182: Joseph Mancuso, Marc Morano.

MIDDLE EAST BROADCASTING--(202) 637-8889; 1510 H Street, NW 20005: Walid 
Abdul-Jawad.

MIN WASHINGTON--(703) 524-9300; 1916 Wilson Boulevard, #100 Arlington, VA 
22201: Talal Al-Haj, Christopher Belcher, Ali Rad.

MOBILE VIDEO SERVICES--(202) 331-8889; 1620 I Street, NW 20006: Adam D. 
Bedard, German Garay, William J. Griffitts, Robert Milford, Lawrence 
VanderVeen.

[[Page 998]]

MULTINATIONAL MEDIA--(202) 393-6639; 506 10th Street, NW 20004: Culver 
Long.

MUTUAL/NBC RADIO--(703) 413-8400; 1755 S. Jefferson Davis Hwy. Arlington, 
VA 22202: Becky Bailey, Bonnie G. Erbe, Robert J. Fuss, Gregory D. Johnson, 
Douglas J. Lillibridge, Rachael M. Lowe, Dennis MacCarthy, Peter Maer, 
Howard Moss, Richard Lee Preston, Rita Rich, Richard Rosse, Daniel Scanlan, 
Ross Simpson, Barton J. Tessler, Joseph Walsh, Craig Warner.

N.O.S. NATIONAL TV THE NETHERLANDS--Margaret Plomp, Gerard Van Der Wulp.

NBC NEWS--(202) 885-4210; 4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW 20016: Jamile Adams, 
Robert Abernethy, Joel R. Albert, Patrick Anastasi, Percy Arrington, Rodney 
Sims Batten, Gary Glenn Beall, Arthur Berko, Regina Allen Blackburn, Jay 
Allan Blackman, Keith Blackman, Kenan S. Block, David Jerome Bloom, 
Victoria Blooston, Jeffrey Blount, John D. Boyd, Robert D. Boyer, Anthony 
Capra, Samuel Cardwell, Cassandra Clayton, Jack Cloherty, Elizabeth V. 
Cruze, Bruce Cummings, Lynn Dakis, Brady G. Daniels, Robert Decker Faw, 
Richard E. Dodson, Jameela Donaldson, Kerry Donovan, Geoffrey Doyle, Betty 
Cole Dukert, Victoria Duncan, Christine Egy-Rose, Daniel Erlenborn, Sheldon 
Fielman, Robert Finley, Elizabeth Fischer, David Forman, Salvatore Formica, 
Fredrick N. Francis, Wilfred R. Fraser, Jr., Rosemary Freitas, George 
Fridrich, Timothy Furlong, Brian Gaffney, Kendra Gahagan, Jamie Gangel, 
William A. Gebhardt, Frank L. Gibson, Jr., Sandy Gilmour, Nelson Ginebra, 
Timothy Gorin, Edward D. Gorsky, John Grassie, Olivio Green, Sarah 
Greenberg, Robert M. Hager, Deirdre Hanlon, Alan Harvey, Harold Paul 
Hayley, Chester Hively, John Holland, Roberta Hornig Draper, Laura A. 
Hunter, James A. Hurt, Gwen Ifill, Salim Ibn Ishaq, Janet Janjigian, Joseph 
E. Johns, Leroy Johnson, John Kautz, Jon Kessler, Mary Klette, Ronald Knox, 
Charlotte Kohrs, Panayiota Kozakos, Lester A. Kretman, Tamara Kupperman, 
Robert Kur, Susan Alice LaSalle, Margaret Lehrman, Suzanne Littlefield, 
Lydia S. Lively, Kathleen Lockhart, Joseph W. Loebach, James V. Long, 
Alexandra Marks, John Francis Mathews, Claude Matthews, Andrea McCarren, 
Tasha Nita McNeil, Carroll Ann Mears, Brock Nolan Meeks, Robert S. Merrill, 
Peter Meryash, James Miklaszewski, Evan David Miller, Richard Minner, 
Andrea Mitchell, Kristin Moore, Russell T. Moore, John H. Mulera, Adolyn 
Myers, Lisa M. Myers, Sylvie Oberlander, John S. Palmer, William H. Petras, 
Debra Pettit, Sarah Pines, Denise L. Poon, Edward Rabel, Sally Redding, 
Courtenay K. Reese, Charles Reid, Alan Gregory Rice, Marcie Rickun, Clyde 
W. Robinson, Johnie F. Roth, Timothy J. Russert, John Rutherford, Amy 
Saalwachter, Jose A. Sanfuentes, Cheryl Sarmiento, Eugenia F. Schaefer, 
Frances Schaefer, Max A. Schindler, Christopher Scholl, Carmine 
Scicchitano, Wesley Scruggs, Leslie Sewell, Kevin Andrew Sites, Kimberly 
Sneed, Naomi Spinrad, Elizabeth Steuart, Alfred Storey, Kenneth James 
Strickland, Jessica Stuart, Ricardo Swiner, Lea Hopkins Thompson, Erin Van 
de Bellen, Yaromil Velez, Anthony Verdi, Terrie Verna, Christopher Wiggins, 
Wendla Wilkinson, Karen Williams, Louis A. Williams, Robert Toney Williams, 
Mary Dorman Wilmeth.

NBC NEWS CHANNEL--(202) 783-2615; 400 North Capitol Street, #890 20001: 
Jeffery L. Autry, Mae Beth Boggs, Almadale Brown, Sheila Conlin, 
Christopher Cram, Christopher Dancy, Nancy Ellard, Kevin Fogarty, William 
Glynn, Adam Greenbaum, James C. Hanchett, Sergio A. Jellinek, Kevin A. 
McManus, Elisabeth Mitchell, Sean Reis, Todd Sutton.

NBC NEWS STATIONS DIVISION--(202) 885-4780; 4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW 20016: 
Herb Bloom, Estel Dillon, Margaret Dore, Karen Fuller, Steve Handelsman, 
Richard McDermott, Bonnie Rollins.

NBC4--(202) 885-4111; 4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW 20016: James M. Adams, Leo 
Alexander, Jay Alvey, Katherine Banks-Wilson, Joanne Beck, Charles Bragale, 
Lloyd R. Brothers, Julie Carey, Daniel Cohen, Pat Collins, Elizabeth 
Crenshaw, Anna Davalos, Harry Davis, Elizabeth Feldman, Jim M. Forrest, 
William Gamble, Doreen Geutzier, John Kevin Greenwood, Jim Handly, Corrie 
A. Harding, Cathy Hobbs, Ira John Hudson, Paul Irvin, Philip Jacobs, 
Kathleen Johnson, Susan Kidd, James S. Kizer, Nick Kovijanic, Joe Krebs, 
Pat Lawson-Muse, Debbi Lockhart, Lynda Lopez, Dave Lougee, Shari Macias, 
Brenda N. Mallory, Suzanne Malveaux, Rick Martin, Michelle M. Michael, 
Ronald Minor, James J. Neustadt, Chester Panzer, James Popkin, Lisa 
Rasmussen, Wendy Rieger, Margie Ruttenberg, Mary Alice Salinas, Joseph F. 
Shalhoup, Murray H. Schweitzer, Tom Sherwood, Milton T. Shockley, Michael 
D. Swann, John Wanzer, Mike Whatley, Wayne C. Wood, Albert N. Zodun.

NET-POLITICAL NEWSTALK NETWORK--(202) 544-3200; 717 Second Street, NE 
20002: Victoria Allen, Laura M. Atwell, Glay L. Blocker, Amanda E. Carter, 
Tracey Collins, Craig Crawley, Peter Estrada, Marianne Fogelson, Stella 
Harrison, Tim Heacock, Thomas Scott Huheey, Gregory J. Jenkins, Lisa 
Johnston, Richard Joy, Therese Kaplan, Donna King, Jaqueline N. Mitchell, 
Ferman Patterson, Paige Ralston, Bridget Sharp, Karl Stoll, Tamara 
Stonebarger, Robert T. Sutton, Richard Westfall, Stephen Weyrich, Geneviere 
E. Wood.

NHK-JAPAN BROADCASTING--(202) 828-5180; 2030 M Street, NW #706 20036: 
Kimitoshi Igarashi, Nobuyuki Itagaki, Madoka Kikuchi, Eri Kimura, Kenji 
Kohno, Zita Lichtenberg, Yoshinori Miyagi, Kazuo Ogawa, Kumiko Ogoshi, Koji 
Okamura, Cris Sabo, Robert Schroeder, Kenji Sobata, Michael Viqueria.

NATIONAL NARROWCAST NETWORK--(202) 966-2211; P.O. Box 9597 20016: Carla 
Flug, Morgan Gale.

NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO--(202) 414-2000; 635 Massachusetts Avenue, NW 20001: 
Rod M. Abid, Larry Abramson, Greg Allen, Elizabeth Arnold, Jonathan Baer, 
Julia Holmes Bailey, Bob Boilen,

[[Page 999]]

Barbara Bradley, Jonathan Broder, William E. Buzenberg, Barbara Campbell, 
Windall Carline, Eugene Cha, Theodore E. Clark, Jean Cochran, Thomas C. 
Cole, Korva Coleman, Sean Collins, Neal J. Conan, Leslie Cook, William 
Craven, Phillip Davis, Rebecca A. Davis, Robert E. Dore, Bruce Drake, 
Michele DuBach, Bob Edwards, Alyne Ellis, Robert Ferrante, Pam Fessler, 
Corey Flintoff, Deborah George, Peggy Girshman, Tom Gjelten, Barry 
Gordemer, Barton Grabow, Sharon Green, Jane Greenhalgh, Anne Gudenkauf, 
Elana Beth Hadler, Elizabeth Harmon, Richard F. Harris, Steve Inskeep, Rick 
Jarrett, Loren Jenkins, Cynthia Johnston, Edward M. Jones, Christopher 
Joyce, Carl Kasell, John C. Keator, Carol Anne Kelly, Sarah B. Kelly, Peter 
Kenyon, Sunni M. Khalid, Michael Lawrence, Elizabeth Lewis, Mara Liasson, 
Laura Lorson, Catherine V. Maddux, Robert Malesky, Dave S. Mattingly, 
Doreen McCallister, Maeve McGoran, Peter Michaels, Sarah C. Mobley, Stephen 
B. Munro, Brian Naylor, Lynn Neary, Joe R. Neel, John Nielsen, Victoria L. 
O'Hara, John A. Ogulnik, Dean Olsher, Peter Overby, Joseph Palca, Gregory 
Peppers, Victoria Que, Martha Raddatz, Chitra Ragavan, Julia Redpath, 
Jeffrey S. Rogers, Jeffrey Rosenberg, Kathleen K. Rushlow, Claudio Sanchez, 
Lauren O. Sandler, Jeffery R. Sandyann, Sara Keiko Sarasohn, Kathleen N. 
Schalch, Debra Schifrin, Daniel Schorr, Robert Siegel, Joanne Silberner, 
Ellen Silva, Art Silverman, Gregory Smith, Margaret Low Smith, Susan L. 
Stamberg, David Sweeney, Ann Taylor, Gwendolyn Thompkins, Nina Totenberg, 
James M. Wallace, Fred Wasser, Walter Ray Watson, Karin Weinberg, Ned 
Wharton, Danyell T. Williams, Debi Williams, Brenda Wilson, Carline 
Windall, R. Craig Windham, Alice Winkler, Audrey Wynn, John Ydstie, Daniel 
Zwerdling.

NATIONAL SCENE NEWS BUREAU--(202) 298-9519; 1422 K Street, NW #691 20005: 
Alverda Ann Muhammad, Askia Muhammad.

NATIVE AMERICAN TELEVISION--(703) 771-7469; 111-A Fort Evans Road, SE, 
Leesburg, VA 22075: Maria Dodgar, Rick Dimassimo, Charles G. Kaster, James 
R. Prior, Charles Bearfighter Reddoor, Lloyd A. Reed.

NEWSCHANNEL 8--(703) 912-5308; 7600 D Boston Boulevard, Springfield, VA 
22153: Iris J. Argueta, Monique Braxton, Alan Matthew Brock, Steven Cagle, 
Bruce DePuyt, Mary Theresa Dickie, Michael J. Esposito, Geoffrey Flood, 
Charles Goodknight, Mary Anne Greczyn, Tara L. Heinchon, Jeff W. Hertrick, 
John D. Hillis, Brian C. Hopkins, Marianne Houk, Andrew Inches, Leigh A. 
Ingram, Jane M. Karlen, Suzanne Mason Kennedy, Lisa Marie Kessler, John W. 
Lee, John D. Lisle, David Lucas, Wayne Lynch, Barbara Lynn Matthews, 
Dorattasan Mekour, Brian W. Mistretta, Molette E. Pendleton, Nathan 
Roberts, Michael Rudd, Adam P. Sidel, Joseph K. Spevak, Mark F. Thalman, 
Hugh Thomas, Stephen John Tschida, Colvin Underwood, James W. Walker, James 
T. Watson, Clifton Webb, Snorre Wik, Dave Willingham, Melanie J. Wotring, 
Kim Wright, Steve Zafiropulos, Joy Allison Zucker.

NIGHTLY BUSINESS REPORT--(202) 682-9029; 1333 H Street, NW #590, 20005: 
Jonathan P. Decker, Darren Gersh, Dennis E. Moore, Angela Terrell, Ken 
Tuohey, Ervin Steven Washington, Stephanie Woods.

NIPPON TV NETWORK--(202) 638-0890; 529 14th Street, NW #1036, 20045: Thad 
Behrens, Yuko Fuse, Naoto Kambe, Christian Herbst, Akihiro Muta, Yoshihiko 
Shiraishi, Jun Suzuki, Junko Yamada, Keisuke Yanaga.

NORWEGIAN BROADCASTING--(202) 785-1460; 2030 M Street, NW #700, 20036: 
Ingvilo Bryn, Gunnar Myklebust.

NUEVO MUNDO NETWORK--(301) 365-8224; 7213 Grubby Thicket Way Bethesda, MD 
20817: Oscar Padilla-Vidaurre.

PTSC/CNN--(202) 515-2206; 820 First Street, NE 20002: Robert Ward Armfield, 
Rodney Seth Atkinson, David F. Bacheler, Dennis Baltimore, Michael 
Bannigan, Patrick Bauley, Michael Bellis, David Steven Berman, Tim R. 
Bintrim, John Bodnar, Burke Buckhorn, Paul Cable, James Cook, Ronald L. 
Couvillion, Roger Daniel, Michael M. David, Timothy J. Durham, Brenda 
Elkins, Timothy C. Garraty, Maurice George, Robert Gilley, Lindsay Graves, 
James M. Greene, Leslie Greene, Thomas M. Greene, Eddie S. Gross, Brian 
Haefeli, Chris Hamilton, Conrad W. Hirzel, Jerry Hollis, David Hugel, David 
A. Jenkins, Martin Jimenez, Bruce E. Kalifa, Michael W. Kauffman, Jennifer 
Klein, Martin Koenig, Howard Lutt, Gary Earl Lynn, Jack Maclnnis, Mark 
Marchione, Ralph Marcus, Dwight M. Mayhew, Sammuel J. McMichael, IV, Paul 
Miller, Peter Mohen, Peter H. Morris, Rick Morse, Joseph Mosley, Thomas P. 
Murphy, Jeffrey S. Noble, Dennis Norman, Sarah Pacheco, Robert G. Parker, 
John Jay Quinnette, Tyrone W. Riggs, Greg Robertson, Carolyn Robertson 
Stone, David S. Ruggiero, David R. Scherer, Barry C. Schlegel, Reginald G. 
Selma, Robert E. Shrader, Randall Sorenson, Thomas Spain, James Stubbs, 
Jimmy Suissa, Daniel Taylor, Kim Denise Thiele, Jerry Thompson, Robert B. 
Torfey, Anthony R. Umrani, John F. Urman, Mark Walz, Francisca G. Yus.

PACIFICA RADIO NEWS--(202) 783-1620; 2390 Champlain Street, NW, 2nd Floor, 
20009: Verna Avery-Brown, Mark R. Bevis, Daniel Coughlin, Julie Drizin, 
Michelle Garcia, Amy Goodman, Patricia Guadalupe, Laura Iiyama, Donald W. 
Roeck.

PANAMERICANA TELEVISION--(301) 774-7959; 3713 Old Baltimore Drive, Olney, 
MD 20832: Rolando Ore.

POLSKIE RADIO--(301) 681-5622; 2324 Arthur Avenue Silver Spring, MD 20902: 
Tadeusz Zachurski.

[[Page 1000]]

POTOMAC TELEVISION--(202) 783-8000; 500 North Capitol Street, NW 20901: 
Bradley C. Anderson, Roy Forbes, Stephanie Fowler, Gregory S. Gates, Olin 
Greene, Duane R. Jones, Robert Karnes, Thomas R. Kolodziejczak, Brigette 
Langmade, Tamara Linderman, Cybele MacHardy, Timothy Matkosky, William T. 
Nonamaker, Jamie F. Norins, David Ottalini, Bradford S. Paxton, Roger 
Rinebolt, William B. Smith, Jonathan St. John, Marcia Wheatley, Karol Lyn 
Works.

PRO SIEBEN TELEVISION (GERMAN TV)--(202) 965-4404; 3138 P Street, NW 20007: 
Bridget A. Chandonnet, Elyane C. Lankes, Diana Maguhn.

PROFESSIONAL VIDEO SERVICES--(202) 775-0894; 2030 M Street, NW #400 20036: 
Robert Baumann, Stephen Bostwich, Kathleen M. Brumbaugh, Harvey Cofske, 
Raymond C. DeFrehn, Terri DeVaney, Jason M. Dorn, Richard Feather, Robert 
Fetzer, Darryl B. Johnson, C. Paul London, Christina L. Lucas, William Todd 
Mason, Kerry L. Meyer, Brian Mosher, Misa Rossetti-Meyer, Jeffrey Saffelle, 
Ron Skeans, George S. Summers, David Tidler.

PYRAMID NATIONAL PRESSPORT--(202) 783-5030; 480 National Press Building 
20045: Charles Bellman, Karl B. Celarier, Steven Rosenblatt.

RAI RADIOTELEVISIONE ITALIANA--(202) 775-1295; c/o EBU 2030 M. Street, NW 
20036: Giuseppe Lugato.

RADIO FRANCE INTERNATIONALE--(301) 929-6536; 9519 East Stanhope Road 
Kensington, MD 20895: Christian Billmann.

RADIO FREE ASIA--(202) 530-4973; 2025 M Street, NW #300 20036: Jaehoon Ahn, 
David M. Badden, Arin Basu, Huiyi Chen, Jill Chi-jou Ku, Jennifer Chou, 
Karma Dorsee, Andrew Janitschek, Ho Kim, Hui Hyon Kim, Kalden Lodoe, Thein 
Htike Oo, James I. Park, Craig David Perry, Richard Richter, Wyein Shwe, 
Kin Maung Soe, Soe Thinn, Nadia Usaeva, Khanh Van Nguyen.

RADIO FREE EUROPE/RADIO LIBERTY--(202) 457-6959; 1201 Connecticut Avenue, 
NW 20036: Constantin Alexander, Silvia Cinca, Julie Czechowski, Vladimir 
Dubinsky, Kevin Paul Foley, Paul Goble, Tetiana Iwanciw, Aleksey Levin, 
Robert Lyle, Michael Mihalisko, Maire Reichenau, Larisa Silnicky, Sonia 
Winter, Oleh Zwadiuk.

RADIO MARTI--(703) 641-7961; 400 6th Street, SE 20547: David J. Hall, L. 
Pamela Mantis, Diana Molineaux, Luis Munoz.

RADIO NACIONAL De ESPANA--(202) 783-0768; 1288 National Press Building, 
20045: Luz Rodriguez.

RAINDANCER NEWS BUREAU--(703) 671-2290; 2500 North Van Dorn Street, #625 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Bob Tenequer.

REUTERS TELEVISION--(202) 898-0056; 1333 H Street, NW 5th Floor, 20005: 
Barbara Adams, Jane Arraf, Bruce Barton, Peter Bullock, Jean Campbell, John 
Clarke, Mary Eldred, Kevin Fogarty, Peter H. Fox, Adam Greenbaum, Steven 
Hanberg, Ronnie Hassan, Kia Johnson, Derek Johnston, Peter O. Kent, 
Jennifer K. Knoll, Predrag Kojovic, Culver Jefferson Long, Christopher 
Lagan, Shannon Lauterbach, Ian McDougall, Allen McGreevy, Robert Muir, 
Richardo A. Palovecino, Christine Pass, Gershon Peaks, Steven T. Phillips, 
Duncan Pitcairn, Jonathan Resnick, Clara E. Rivera, Tom Rowe, Lisa Mary 
Springham, Richard Suddeth, Amanda Stultz, George Tamerlani, Philippa 
Tarrant.

ROWE NEWS SERVICE--(301) 977-6252; 922 Beacon Square Court, #324, 
Gaithersburg, MD 20878: JoAnn Rowe.

SRN NEWS/STANDARD NEWS--(703) 528-6213; 1901 North Moore Street, #201, 
Arlington, VA 20879: Gregory W. Clugstson, Philip Fleischman, Linda Kenyon, 
Diana Lucas, Terrence M. Moore, Hank Silverberg, Andrea F. Starace.

SALEM RADIO NETWORK--(703) 807-2266; 1901 North Moore Street, #201, 
Arlington, VA 20879: Catherine Edwards, Rich Lee.

SKY NEWS--(202) 789-8569; 1333 H Street, NW 20005: Jonathan Hunt.

SOUTH AFRICAN BROADCASTING--(202) 686-5885; P.O. Box 954 Rockville, MD 
20848: Mike Kellerman.

SPIEGEL TV/GERMANY--(202) 347-1735; 1202 National Press Building, 20045: 
Karin B. Assamann.

SWEDISH TELEVISION--(202) 785-1727; 2030 M Street, NW #700, 20036: Leif 
Carlsson, Sven Stromberg, Bert Sundstrom.

SWISS BROADCASTING CORPORATION--(202) 467-6455; 2030 M Street, NW #400, 
20036: Pietro Gerosa, Tara Libert, Yves Magat, Dennis Page McCarty, Donald 
Jay McCarty, Antonini Roberto, Casper Selg, Han Peter Stalder.

TF1-FRENCH TELEVISION--(202) 223-3642; 2100 M Street, NW #302, 20037: 
Michael G. Stashik, Eleanor Beardsley, Helene Davieaud, Perrin Edouard, 
Bruce Frankel, Philippe Morand, Peter S. Murtaugh.

TV ASAHI--(202) 347-2933; 670 National Press Building, 20005: Christopher 
Anstey, Katsuichi Endo, Andrew Huston, Takanobu Ito, Junichi Kitasei, Orika 
Koyama, Ena Suto.

TV TOKYO CHANNEL 12, LTD--(202) 638-0441; 529 14th, NW #803, 20045: Toshiko 
Aoki, Patrick Frank, Tom Oki.

TV2 DENMARK--(202) 828-4555; 2030 M Street, NW #511, 20036: Charlotte 
Ernst, Ulla Pors Nielsen.

TV2 NORWAY--(202) 466-7505; 2030 M Street, NW #510, 20036: Oddvar 
Stenstrom.

TAIWAN TELEVISION ENTERPRISE--(202) 223-6642; 1705 DeSales Street, NW #302, 
20036: Ernie Chuan-yu Ko, Hsiang-San Wu, Che-Wei Shih.

[[Page 1001]]

TALK RADIO NEWS SERVICE--(202) 337-8715; 2514 Mill Road, NW 20007: Richard 
Mangus, Ellen F. Ratner, Myron Sponder, Andrea Diane Stroud, Robert 
Vanasse, Marc R. Wittlif.

TELEMUNDO/WZGS-64--(703) 522-6464; 2000 North 14th Street, #490 Arlington, 
VA 22201: Miguel A. Chavez.

TELEVISA-ECO TELEVISION--(202) 861-0626; 1705 DeSales Street, NW #306, 
20036: Eduardo Cue, Zoila T. Mederos, Eduardo Rodriguez, Augusto Santos.

TELEVISIO DE CATALUNYA--(202) 785-0580; 1620 I Street, NW #150 20006: 
Stephen S. Blust, Ramon Rovira.

THE BLACKWELL CORPORATION--(703) 524-2300; 1000 Wilson Boulvard, #2702 
Arlington, VA 22209: Barbara Driscoll, Erin Foley, James B. Freeman, Jane 
M. Freeman, Neal Freeman, James Glassman, Thomas Knisely.

THE HILL/UBN--(202) 543-1212, 733 15th Street, NW #1140 20045: Catherine 
Hand.

THE NEWSHOUR WITH JIM LEHRER--(703) 998-2761; 2117 South Quincy Street, 
#250 Arlington, VA 22206: Scott J. Anderson, Lee M. Banville, Carol 
Blakeslee, Jeffrey Brown, Debra Jean Butler, Lesley Butrick, Bridget 
Chandonnet, Leah Clapman, Lester M. Crystal, Elizabeth Farnsworth, George 
Felcyn, Joan M. Friedenberg, Amyjean Gorsline, Brian Gottlieb, Caitlin 
Gross, Kwame Holman, Monica Hoose, Charlayne Hunter-Gault, Shermaze Ingram, 
Murrey Jacobson, Charles A. Krause, Lisa Larragoite, Jim Lehrer, Sheila 
Lummis, Susan Malin, Kathleen McCleery, Patricia McMurray, Annette L. 
Miller, Michael Million, Michael D. Mosettig, Desa Philadelphia, Lisa R. 
Pottger, Gregg Ramshaw, Margaret L. Robinson, Martine Rodriguez, Terry 
Rubin, Daniel Sagalyn, Michael Saltz, Rene Scheider, Linda J. Scott, Scott 
Tang, James Albert Trengrove, Ilyse J. Veron, Margaret Warner, Dan Werner, 
Judith Willis, Linda Winslow.

THE SWEDISH NEWS AGENCY--(202) 333-5351; 3112 M Street, NW #3rd Floor 
20007: Lennart Lundh.

THE WASHINGTON BUREAU--(202) 347-6396; 400 North Capitol Street, NW 20001: 
John E. Brosnan, Jeffery Hager, Wei-ye Jia, Emily Marie Longnecker, Allison 
A. Martin, Julia Rockler, Richard Tillery.

THE WORLD--(703) 841-1797; 4414 Carlin Springs, #9 Arlington, VA 22203: 
William Troop.

TOKYO BROADCASTING SYSTEM--(202) 393-3800; 1088 National Press Building, 
20045: Takushi Harima, Michael Lavallee, Makiko Murotani, Jun Ogawa, 
Rebecca J. Ratliff, Mitsuhiro Wakaizumi.

TRIBUNE BROADCASTING--(202) 824-8444; 1325 G Street, NW #200 20005: Staci 
Adelman, Cissy Baker, Shirley R. Brice, Timothy F. Calhoun, Richard 
Chamberlain, John David Foundas, Christopher Hutchins, Gary Nurenberg, 
Ronald Windham.

TURKISH CTV--(703) 451-5172; 6810 Supreme Court Springfield, VA 22150: 
Ylmaz F. Polat.

USIA/TV MARTI--(202) 401-7144; 400 Sixth Street, SW 20547: Niurka Arteage, 
Sharon Castillo, Joseph DiMarco, Antonio Dieguez, Silvia Font, Edith 
Garcia, Amaro Gomez-Boix, Oscar F. Mora, Jaime Moreno, Allen Kirk Reio, 
Jorge A. Riopedre.

UNITED NEWS AND INFORMATION--(301) 924-6912; 15602 Cliffs Swallow Way 
Rockville, MD 20853: Forrest J. Boyd, Dennis Crowley.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8111; 1510 H Street, NW 20005: Neal 
Augenstein, Pye Chamberlayne, W.C. (Bill) Clough, Ron Colbert, Hank Neyer, 
Maria Pena, Eduardo Salinas, William Small.

UNIVISION NEWS--(202) 783-7155; 444 North Capitol St., #601G 20001: Perez 
Arturo Rubio, Jorge Contreras, Deborah Durham, Alvaro Encinas, Ana 
Espinoza, Armando Guzman, Lourdes Meluza, Adriana Molina-Roman, Vincent 
Mortreux, Aurea Nascimento, Pablo Sanchez, Armando Trull.

VENTANA PRODUCTIONS--(202) 785-5112; 1825 K Street, NW 5th Floor 20006: 
Armando Almanza, Nicola Frost, Christine Harding, William Harding, Tim 
Martin, Tim Murray, Luke Riffle, Julie Simon, Mark Thalman.

VIDEO NEWS SERVICE--(202) 467-4014; 400 North Capitol Street, NW 20001: Li-
Hung Chen, Boris Pinkas, Joe Tomko, Stephen Tomko, T. Alejandro Harding S.

VIEWPOINT COMMUNICATIONS--(301) 949-1907; 5000 Euclid Drive, Kensington, MD 
20895: Randy Feldman, Larry Greenblatt.

VOICE OF AMERICA--(202) 619-0707; 330 Independence Ave. SW #3500 20547: 
Michael C. Bowman, Rachael Bail, Ralph Eckhardt, Richard Firestone, 
Rosemary Hall, Donald Henry, Neal Lavon, James Malone, Jerry W. McKinney, 
John Pitman, Jim Randle, Nicholas Simeone, Renee Smith, David Swan, Oscar 
Underwood, Melissa Winkler, Paula Wolfson.

WAMU - FM RADIO--(202) 885-1200; 4000 Brandywine Street, NW 20036: Kathleen 
Merritt, Mark Plotkin, Derrick Ward, Julianne Welby, Laura Womack, Annie 
Wu.

WBIS--(202) 862-6645; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW #800 Washington, DC 
20036: Christine Pass.

WETA-TV--(703) 998-2600; 3620 South 27th Street Arlington, VA 22206: Lynn 
Allison, Calvin Barry, Harry Bottorf, Timothy Bowen, Donald Brawner, Joseph 
Camp, Norman Craley, David Deutsch, David Gillette, Eileen Griffin, Charles 
Hill, Todd R. Holme, Stephen G. Howard, John E. Hyater, Charles Ide, 
Douglas P. Johncox, Daniel Knapp, Edward Lee, Don McClurkin, David McGowan, 
John B. Morgan, John C. Nash, Jr., Norman Nelson, Jeff Rathner, Darwin 
Silver, Otto K. Uyehara, Charles Voth.

[[Page 1002]]

WGN RADIO--(301) 942-1996; 9915 Hillridge Drive, Kensington, MD 20895: 
Patrick B. Haggerty.

WINGSPAN NEWS--(202) 293-9464; 1825 K Street, NW 9th Floor 20006: Mary 
Arobaga, Walter J. Boyne, Don Dudley, Dennis Gaffney, Carolyn Sperry, 
Austin Steo, Wilma Tubies.

WJLA-TV--(202) 364-7715; 3007 Tilden Street, NW 20008: Steven C. Affens, 
Bradley S. Bell, Paul L. Berry, Rea Blakey, Victor R. Blandburg, Diane T. 
Boozer, John J. Bowden, Beverly Bryan, Jim Clarke, Judith Ann Coates, 
William Cole, Lisa Diane Cox, Walter Crawford, Kerry Arden Cutlip, Pamela 
Davis, Martin C. Doane, Mary Ellen Donovan, Michael Forcucci, Brian Fuss, 
Pege Gilgannon, Carl Gottlieb, Richard Guastadisegni, Stephen P. Hackett, 
Peter Hakel, Holly Hamilton, John Robert Harter, Lawrence Herman, Candance 
M. Hewitt, Hugh Hinds, Horace R. Holmes, Kathy Foster Johnson, Archie 
Kelly, Lenard Kent, Greta Kreuz, Johnathan A. Mann, Kathleen Matthews, 
Roger P. Mellen, Clifton Moore, Charles Norton, Christopher S. Plater, 
Nancy Pretto, Linda Ringe, Earle U. Robinson III, Gail P. Rose, Jeff Rose, 
Joseph Rose, Ray Rose, Jose G. Santos, James Schaefer, Cindy Pena Shoffner, 
Indira Somani, Allan Vecchione, Mary Jo Walsh Gilmore, Theodore Walters, 
Richard T. Watkins, David A. Webb, Madelyne Woods, Gary Wordlaw, Cynthia 
Wright.

WMAL RADIO--(202) 686-3020; 4400 Jenifer Street, NW 20015: Milagros Ardin, 
Joan Doniger, Olga M. Joseph, Larry Krebs, Denchali Tufeckgian.

WTOP RADIO--(202) 362-0504; 3400 Idaho Avenue, NW 20015: Bruce Alan, Shawn 
Anderson, Jeanie Bae, Jill Cohen, Kyle Cooper, Richard A. Day, Arlene 
Eiras, Alan Etter, James T. Farley, Debra B. Feinstein, Tom Foty, Gary 
Froseth, Catherine Harmon, Mary Ann Jennings, David E. Johnson, Kyle 
Johnson, Colleen Kelleher, Kristi-Sue King, Michelle M. Komes, Judlyne 
Lilly, John Lynker, David F. McConnell, Michael D. McMearty, Mitchell 
Miller, Michael Moss, Angela Polite, Robert Publicover, Carrie Rabin, April 
D. Ryan, Judith Taub Squires, Paul C. Wagner.

WTTG-FOX TELEVISION--(202) 895-3000; 5151 Wisconsin Avenue, NW 20016: 
Jackie Bensen, David Burnett, Patricia Corcoran, Nayada L. Cowherd, Clinton 
F. Davis, Derricke M. Dennis, John P. Dunmire, Darya Folson, James E. 
Forner, John A. Frame, Max Giammetta, Jennifer Gillan, Carlos A. Gonzalez, 
Jean M. Grenda, Craig J. Harrington, Mary Harris, Thomas Hendrick, John 
Henrehan, Michael Horan, Karen Gray Houston, Sheila Jaskot, Morris Jones, 
Basil A. Justice, Craig A. Little, Geoffrey Manifold, Lark McCarthy, 
Patrick McGrath, Jim Nash, Grace Lee Nikkel, Jo Robertson, David Joseph 
Ross, F. David Rysak, Mark E. Sargent, Jan Smith, Louis R. Stevenson, Ron 
Talley Thompson, Charles K. Uchima, Don Watrud, Wendy Wilk, Douglas H. 
Wilkes, Brian G. Wilson, Sandra L. Young, Tom Young.

WUNO NOTIUNO RADIO NETWORK--(703) 866-4236; P.O. Box 5871 Springfield, VA 
22150: Elmy E. Martinez.

WUSA-TV--(202) 895-5700; 4100 Wisconsin Avenue, NW 20016: Robert Y. 
Althage, Phyllis Armstrong, Richard Armstrong, Michael G. Bratton, Beverly 
Burke, Anthony M. Castrilli, William J. Clemann, Emily Cyr, Thomas 
Dukehart, Don Ellison, Samara M. Ewing, Thomas D. Haller, Harald Hoiland, 
Chris Houston, Kevin G. King, Vanessa M. Koolhof, Bruce Leshan, Frank D. 
McDermott, Robert C. McHenry, Wayne Myers, Gordon W. Peterson, Gary Reals, 
Louis David Statter, Janet Terry, Michael Trammell, Ronald F. Williams, 
Stephanie S. Wilson, Miriam Wright, Eun Yang.

WASHINGTON BUREAU NEWS SERVICE--(202) 544-4800; 236 Massachusetts Avenue, 
NE #602, 20002: Angelina Bonilla, Daouda Guissrt, Bradley Marshall, C. 
Patrick Thorne, Patrick Tracey, William Veitch, Michael D. Whitney.

WASHINGTON NEWS NETWORK--(202) 628-4000; 400 North Capitol Street, NW #183, 
20001: Robert E. Beard, Edward M. Beckford, Karen Bell, Monique Conrad, Cy 
Gardner, Andrew Gelfman, John Giacomo, Lawrence Gold, Walter L. Gold, Sammy 
Kent, Marvin Rife, Ron A. Sarro.

WASHINGTON RADIO AND PRESS SERVICE--(301) 229-2576; 6702 Pawtucket Road 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Hanna Gutmann.

WASHINGTON-ALABAMA NEWS REPORT--(202) 333-6567; P.O. Box 58058 20037: Carol 
Bennett, Daniel Brechner, Mignon C. Smith.

WEST VIRGINIA PUBLIC RADIO--Cecelia Mason.

WIRELESS DATA SYSTEMS--(202) 637-3200; 1120 G Street, NW #250 20005: Dennis 
Dunbar, Brian K. McConnaughey.

WORLDNET-U.S.I.A TV--(202) 401-5454; 330 Independence Avenue, SW 20547: E. 
Robert Beaudin, Maurice Benjoar, Jeffery S. Daugherty, Dimetrius Jackson, 
Sinclair Ke, Anthony Masciarelli, John D. Quinn, Robert V. Tubbs.

WORLDWIDE TELEVISION NEWS--(703) 318-9136; 13166 New Parkland Drive Oak 
Hill, VA 20171: Cesar A. Canizales, Michael J. Rosenfelder, Paul Sisco, 
Joseph S. Tomko, III.

YONHAP TV NEWS--(202) 289-0773; 1333 H Street, NW #300 20005: Nam Sub Lee, 
Jae-Chul Mun.

ZOLCER-TV (GERMAN TV)--(202) 333-4842; 38097 W Street, NW 20007: Allen J. 
Chester, Andreas Gutzeit, Wolfgang Kotke, Nick Ludlan, Beate Muller-
Blattau.

FREELANCERS:--Robert G. Abernethy, W.H. Abshaw, Timothy D. Ahmann, Thomas 
Albano, Joel R. Albert, Stuart A. Ammerman, Anders Alex Arestad, Patricia 
Armstrong, James F. Ashe, John Aubuchon, Russell M. Baker, Anne G. Ball, 
Cameron C. Barlett, Scott Barlett, Kevin Beyer, Wayne F. Boyd, Richard 
Breed, Teddy Brosius, Dwight B. Brown, William M. Canter, David K. Catrett, 
Sumana

[[Page 1003]]

Chatterjee, Anne Cocklin, Stephen Cocklin, Aaron Stuart Cohen, Jonathan 
Cohen, Carol Anne Cooke, Bobby Steve Creekmore, Francene Cucinello, Anthony 
Cunningham, Stephen Cupp, Michael A. DeMark, Gary S. DeMoss, Charles H. 
Dixson, William Donald, Paul G. Dougherty, Christina Eck, Alfred Scott 
Eisenhuth, Gail Fendley, Amy Flannery, Michael Ford, Betty Francis, F. 
Patrick French, David Friedman, Edward Giebel, Gordon Gilliam, R. Pat 
Glass, John Glennon, Susan Goodman, Dave Goulding, Kevin Griffin, Avery 
Gross, Steven Hamberg, Claus Harding, John Hartge, Thomas Hass, Barry 
Haywood, Georg Hirsch, Toni Hoover, David P. Hopper, Mayumi Ishihara, 
Edward B. Jennings, Jeffrey E. Johnston, Lorel Kane, Richard Kane, Danielle 
Karson, Katty Kay, Justin Kenny, Eric Kesner, Bruce Kissal, Robert Klein, 
Marc Koslow, Melissa Koval, Francesca Kritz, Stanley Lane, Gregory Larsen, 
David Lee Lee, Ronald H. Leidelmeyer, David Lent, Dexter Leong, Bruce 
Liffiton, David Lilling, Ken Lundberg, Robert J. Lyall, Carolyn Machado, 
Michael Mancuso, Autonio Marques, Mai Marriott, Michael Marriott, Jeff 
Martino, Claude Matthews, Maxine Mawhinnedy, Donald Jay McCarty, Megan Ann 
McGrath, Finnigan Michael, Alexander Milenic, Rodney Minor, Steven E. 
Mitnick, Bryan Mong, James M. Moran, Thomas D. Mote, John M. Murney, John 
L. Murrhy, Jim Nash, Richard A. Norling, Richard V. Norling, D. Kerry 
O'Berry, Daniel J. O'Shea, Rodney Patterson, Robert Peterson, Aileen 
Pincus, Murray Pinczuk, Christopher Plater, Mark Rabin, Edward M. Reinsel, 
Michael W. Richards, David Roberson, Xavier Rocas, Peter B. Roof, Gary 
Rosenberg, Steven Rosenfeld, Joan L. Roskosh, Karen A. Ryan, Aaron Sasson, 
Greg Savory, Michael Seium, Harry S. Shoffner, Quentin Silver, Gilbert J. 
Solorzano, Rodney E. Speed, Mark Stoddard, Rick Suddeth, George S. Summers, 
Andrew D. Thomas, Mary Beth Toole, Melissa D. Tune, Ellen Uchimiya, Robert 
Valette, Vaughn Ververs, Brian Walker, William L. Walker, Arlene Weisskopf, 
George Weller, John P. Whiteside, Christopher Widmer, John A. Williams, 
Kristin Wilson, Leigh Wilson, Robert Witten, H. William Yates, Stratis J. 
Zervos.

[[Page 1004]]



