

Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997. - 


Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997.
[Pages 928-957]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]



                             PRESS GALLERIES

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Superintendent.--Robert E. Petersen, Jr.
  Deputy Superintendent.--S. Joseph Keenan
        Assistant Superintendents:
Merri I. Baker
James D. Saris
Wendy A. Oscarson
Laura E. Lytle

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

            The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945, 225-6722

  Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
        Assistant Superintendents:
Suzanne Seurattan
Frank Lesesne
Charles S. Fuqua
Diana M. Miller

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Greg Hitt, Wall Street 
                                                Journal, Chairman
                                            Carroll J. Doherty, 
                                                Congressional Quarterly, 
                                                Secretary
                                            David Baumann, CongressDaily
                                            Jim Meyers, Tulsa World
                                            Nancy E. Roman, The 
                                                Washington Times
                               __________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule 34 of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bona fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall admit to the galleries no person who does not establish to the 
satisfaction of the Standing Committee all of the following:
    (a) That his or her principal income is obtained from news 
correspondence intended for publication in newspapers entitled to 
second-class mailing privileges.
    (b) That he or she is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the galleries.
    (c) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the galleries.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.

[[Page 929]]

    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no change 
or changes in these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not 
less than 100 accredited members of the galleries.
                                              Newt Gingrich,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                                John Warner,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 930]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abbott, Charles J.: Reuters

Abrahms, Doug: Washington Times

Abramowitz, Michael: Washington Post

Abrams, James R.: Associated Press

Abramson, David: Oil Daily

Abramson, Jill: Wall Street Journal

Abruzzese, Leo F.: Journal of Commerce

Abse, Nathan: Washington Post

Abu-Nasr, Donna: Associated Press

Achenbach, Joel: Washington Post

Acworth, William: Bridge News

Agres, Theodore J.: Washington Times

Ahearn, David M.: Bloomberg Business News

Akaza, Koichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Akers, Mary Ann: Washington Times

Akinci, Ugur: Turkish Daily

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Alderman, Elizabeth J.: Bridge News

Aldinger, Charles: Reuters

Alexander, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Alexander, Annie: Bridge News

Alfroy, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Allen, Henry: Washington Post

Allen, Victoria L.: Reuters

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Alpert, Bruce S.: New Orleans Times-Picayune/Newhouse

Alzaid, Faisal: Kuwait News Agency

Amoako, Ama: Asahi Shimbun

Anason, Dean C.: American Banker

Andenaes, Ulf: Aftenposten

Anderson, Curt L.: Associated Press

Anderson, David E.: Newhouse News Service

Anderson, James P.: German Press Agency - DPA

Anderson, Lucia: Fredericksburg Free Lance-Star

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones News Services

Anderson, Paul L.: Congressional Quarterly

Anderson, Roger: Scripps Howard News Service

Angle, Martha: Congressional Monitor

Anklam, Jr., Fred: USA Today

Anthan, George P.: Des Moines Register

Anzai, Toshiaki: Kyodo News Service

Apple, R.W., Jr.: New York Times

Archer, Kim: Dow Jones News Services

Archibald, George H.: Washington Times

Arnett, Elisa C.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Arnold, Christopher: Jiji Press

Arnold, Dieter E.: Der Bund

Arnold, Holzapfel J.: National Media of South Africa

Arnold, John J.: Associated Press

Arora, C.K.: United News of India

Arshad, Golam: Bangladesh Daily Telegraph

Arthur, William: Bloomberg Business News

Asher, Julie L.: Catholic News Service

Asher, Robert L.: Washington Post

Aslam, Abid H.: Inter Press Service

Aslan, Ali: Zaman

Asseo, Laurie: Associated Press

Atlas, Terry: Chicago Tribune

Auerbach, Stuart C.: Washington Post

Aukofer, Frank A.: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Aulston, Von: New York Times

Austin, Judith B.: Gannett News Service

Averse, Jeannine: Associated Press

Azpiazu, Maria L.: EFE News Service

Babcock, Charles R.: Washington Post

Babington, Charles: Washington Post

Baer, Susan: Baltimore Sun

Bailey, Marilyn: Ottaway News Service

Baker, Donald P.: Washington Post

Baker, Gerard: London Financial Times

Baker, Peter: Washington Post

Baldor, Lolita: Connecticut Post/Thomson Newspapers

Ball, Karen: New York Daily News

Balman, Sid, Jr.: United Press International

Baltimore, Chris: Oil Daily

Balz, Daniel J.: Washington Post

Banales, Jorge A.: United Press International

Banks, Adelle: Newhouse News Service

Barazia, Virginia G.: Thomson Newspapers

Barber, Ben: Washington Times

Barber, Simon: South Africa Times Media

Barker, Jeffrey N.: Arizona Republic

Barnett, James O.: Oregonian

Barr, Gary S.: Washington Post

Barrett, Joyce: Fairchild News Service

Barton, Paul C.: Gannett News Service

Bartz, Diane K.: Agence France-Presse

Basauri, Ignacio: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Bashir, Mustafa A.: Saudi Press Agency

Basken, Paul: United Press International

Bassett, Greg: Thomson Newspapers

Bate, Peter: Reuters

Bater, Jeffrey P.: United Press International

Batog, Jennifer A.: Associated Press

Batt, Tony: Donrey Media Group

Battaile, Janet: New York Times

Bauman, Everett A.: El Universal

Baumann, David: CongressDaily

[[Page 931]]

Bayer, Amy: Copley News Service

Bazinet, Kenneth: United Press International

Beck, Simon L.: South China Morning Post

Beck, Tobin C.: United Press International

Beckett, Paul M.: Dow Jones News Services

Beckner, Steven K.: Market News Service

Bedard, Paul: Washington Times

Beeder, David C.: Omaha World-Herald

Behr, Peter: Washington Post

Belton, Beth M.: USA Today

Beltrame, Julian: Southam News

Benac, Nancy J.: Associated Press

Bender, Bryan D.: Defense Daily

Bender, Penny: Gannett News Service

Benedetto, Richard: USA Today

Benenson, Robert A.: Congressional Quarterly

Benjamin, Matthew K.: Wall Street Journal

Benkelman, Susan: Newsday

Bennet, James: New York Times

Benson, Miles R.: Newhouse News Service

Berke, Richard L.: New York Times

Berry, John, M.: Washington Post

Bettelheim, Adriel: Denver Post

Beyer, Frauke: Springer Foreign News Service

Bian, Chenguang: Science and Technology Daily

Biers, John M.: States News Service

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Binder, David: New York Times

Birtel, Marc R.: Congressional Monitor

Biskupic, Joan: Washington Post

Bivins, Larry: Detroit News

Black, Christine M.: Boston Globe

Blaho, Miklos: Magyar Nemzet

Bland, Melissa R.: Reuters

Blecher, Todd: Bloomberg Business News

Blomquist, Brian: New York Post

Blonston, Gary L.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Blumenfeld, Laura: Washington Post

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Blustein, Paul: Washington Post

Bodipo-Memba, Alejandro: Wall Street Journal

Bohan, Caren: Reuters

Boian, Christopher: Agence France-Presse

Bonabesse, Gaedig: Washington Times

Borchersen-Keto, Sarah: AFX News Service

Borisenko, Igor: Itar-Tass News Agency

Borkowski, Monica C.: New York Times

Bornemeier, James: Los Angeles Times

Bornemeier, Jane B.: New York Times

Boswell, Elizabeth A.: New York Times

Boustany, Nora: Washington Post

Bovard, James: Bovard News Service

Bovee, Timothy K.: Associated Press

Bowers, Paige: Washington Times

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Bowman, Rex L.: Washington Times

Boyd, Robert J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Boyer, Dave: Education Daily

Bradford, Allen: Washington Times

Branigin, William: Washington Post

Branson, Amy K.: Legi-Slate News Service

Brasher, Philip: Associated Press

Brazaitis, Thomas J.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Breaux, Kia: Bridge News

Breem, Thomas: Defense Daily

Brennan, Jeanne K.: New York Times

Brewer, Norm: Gannett News Service

Briand, Xavier: Agence France-Presse

Brinkley, John: Scripps Howard News Service

Briscoe, David: Associated Press

Briscoe, Leonor A.: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Bristol, Nellie O.: Health News Daily

Broder, David S.: Washington Post

Brodie, Ian: London Times

Brodsky, Arthur R.: Communications Daily

Brodzinsky, Sybilla: Agence France-Presse

Brogan, Pamela A.: Gannett News Service

Brogan, Patrick: Glasgow Herald

Brooks, David: La Jornada

Brooks, Jennifer A.: States News Service

Brosnan, James W.: Scripps Howard News Service

Brown, David M.: Washington Post

Brown, Michael H.: Louisville Courier-Journal

Brown, Rene E.: Hartford Courant

Brownstein, Ronald: Los Angeles Times

Brueggemann, Gerd: Die Welt

Brumas, R. Michael: Newhouse News Service

Bruneau, Leon: Agence France-Presse

Bryant, Carleton R.: Washington Times

Bryant, Elizabeth: States News Service

Bunis, Dena: Orange County Register

Bunting, Glenn F.: Los Angeles Times

Burkins, Glenn: Wall Street Journal

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones News Services

Burns, Robert: Associated Press

Burns, Susan: Cox Newspapers

Burrell, Cassandra R.: Associated Press

Byrd, Kenny: Baptist News Service

Cabrera, Denise: Associated Press

Cahir, William J.: Education Daily

Caires, Greg A.: Defense Daily

Calis, Raphael: United Press International

Calmes, Jackie: Wall Street Journal

Calvo-Platero, Mario: Il Sole 24 Ore

Camia, Catalina: Dallas Morning News

Camire, Dennis: Gannett News Service

Campbell, Stephen W.: Portland Press Herald

Canahuate, Alfred T.: Saudi Press Agency

Canas, Rafael: EFE News Service

Cannistraro, Marc, D.: Congressional Information Bureau

Cannon, Carl M.: Baltimore Sun

Cannon, Mary Angela: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Carelli, Richard: Associated Press

Caretto, Ennio: Corriere Della Sera

[[Page 932]]

Carey, Mary Agnes: Congressional Quarterly

Carlin, John: London Independent

Carlson, Peter: Washington Post

Carmody, John: Washington Post

Carnevale, Mary L.: Wall Street Journal

Carney, Dan: Congressional Quarterly

Carr, Rebecca: Congressional Quarterly

Carreno, Jose: El Universal

Carroll, James R.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Carroll, Joe: Irish Times

Carroll, Kathleen: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Carter, Janelle: Associated Press

Carter, Thomas H.: Washington Times

Carvalho, Orlando Lyra De: ABIM News Agency

Casey, Constance: Newhouse News Service

Cason, James: La Jornada

Cassata, Donna: Congressional Quarterly

Casteel, Chris: Daily Oklahoman

Causey, Mike: Washington Post

Cavelier, Andres: El Tiempo

Cazalas, Robert: Congressional Information Bureau

Chaffee, Kevin: Washington Times

Chambliss, E. Lauren: London Evening Standard

Chandler, Clay: Washington Post

Chandran, Ramesh: Times of India

Chandrasekaran, Rajiv: Washington Post

Chatterjee, Sumana: States News Service

Chavez Lopez, Horacio C.: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Chen, Edwin: Los Angeles Times

Chen, Huang: Central News Agency

Chenglin, Xiao: Xinhua News Agency

Chesser, Larry: Baptist News Service

Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: Il Mattino

Choi, Julia, M.: U.S.-Asian News Service

Christaldi, Mario: Thomson Newspapers

Christensen, Jean: Associated Press

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christie, Ricky A.: Cox Newspapers

Chung, Sarah, S.: New York Times

Cimons, Marlene: Los Angeles Times

Cindemir, Mehuet K.: Anatolia News Agency

Clark, Bruce: London Financial Times

Clark, Drew: American Banker

Clark, L. Kareema: Bridge News

Clark, Steve: Los Angeles Times

Clavel, Guy: Agence France-Presse

Clayton, William E., Jr.: Houston Chronicle

Cleis, Andreas: Neue Zurcher Zeitung

Clifford, George: Washington Merry-Go-Round

Clifford, Timothy: New York Daily News

Clines, Francis X.: New York Times

Cloud, David: Chicago Tribune

Clymer, Adam: New York Times

Cocco, Marie: Newsday

Cohen, Karen J.: Reuters

Cohen, Patricia: Washington Post

Cohen, Richard: Washington Post

Cohen, Robert: Newhouse News Service

Cohen, Ronald E.: Gannett News Service

Cohn, Laura: Bloomberg Business News

Coker, Margaret E.: United Press International

Colaianni, Deborah M.: Gannett News Service

Collins, Christina W.: Gannett News Service

Collymore, Yvette J.: Inter Press Service

Condon, George E., Jr.: Copley News Service

Conlon, Charles E.: Congressional Quarterly

Connell, Christopher V.: Associated Press

Connolly, Ceci: St. Petersburg Times

Connor, John: Dow Jones News Services

Connors, Thomas J.: Journal of Commerce

Constantine, Gus: Washington Times

Cook, Gretchen: Agence France-Presse

Cook, Rhodes: Congressional Quarterly

Cook, Steven D.: CongressDaily

Coombs, Francis B., Jr.: Washington Times

Cooper, Helene: Wall Street Journal

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Copeland, Peter M.: Scripps Howard News Service

Corbett, Jennifer: Dow Jones News Services

Corcoran, Elizabeth: Washington Post

Corcoran, Leila M.: Reuters

Cordray, Ronald: Market News Service

Cornwell, Susan J.: Reuters

Corrigan, Jo Ellen: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Cossette, Lani C.: Yomiuri Shimbun

Costich, Louise R.: Taipei Commercial Times

Cowan, Richard: Bridge News

Cranford, John R.: Bloomberg Business News

Crenshaw, Albert R.: Washington Post

Cromley, Allan W.: Daily Oklahoman

Crutsinger, Martin S.: Associated Press

Cummings, Jeanne M.: Atlanta Journal and Constitution

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Curley, Thomas: USA Today

Curta, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Cushman, John H., Jr.: New York Times

Cuthbert, Lori L.: Bridge News

Dahl, David: St. Petersburg Times

Dalgleish, James: Reuters

Dalglish, Arthur R.: Cox Newspapers

Dart, Robert E.: Cox Newspapers

Davidson, Joe: Wall Street Journal

Davidson, Lee: Deseret News

Davies, Hugh: London Daily Telegraph

Davis, Brett: Newhouse News Service

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Davis, Robert M.: USA Today

Day, John S.: Bangor Daily News

Day, Kathleen: Washington Post

De Carlo, Cesare: La Nazione

De Toledano, Ralph: Creators Syndicate

DeFrank, Thomas M.: New York Daily News

DeParle, Jason: New York Times

DeWitt, Karen E.: New York Times

[[Page 933]]

Dean, Mensah: Washington Times

Deans, Robert E., Jr.: Cox Newspapers

Debenport, Ellen: St. Petersburg Times

Decker, Brett M.: Chicago Sun-Times

Deibel, Mary: Scripps Howard News Service

Del Giudice, Vincent A.: Bloomberg Business News

della Porta, Agostino: German Press Agency-DPA

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Dembicki, Matt: Education Daily

Denniston, Lyle W.: Baltimore Sun

Denver, Cristine: Bridge News

Depledge, Derrick K.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Devroy, Ann: Washington Post

Dewar, Heather J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Dewar, Helen: Washington Post

Diamond, John M.: Associated Press

Diemer, Thomas K.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Dillingham, Susan: Congressional Monitor

Dine, Philip M.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

di Robilant, Andrea: La Stampa

Dobbin, Muriel: McClatchy Newspapers

Dobbs, Michael S.: Washington Post

Dobbyn, Timothy H.: Reuters

Dodd, Michael P.: USA Today

Dodge, Robert: Dallas Morning News

Doggett, Jr.: Thomas, W.: Dow Jones News Services

Doherty, Carroll: Congressional Quarterly

Dorf, Matthew: Jewish Telegraph Agency

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Dorsey, Christine M.: Donrey Media Group

Douglas, William G.: Newsday

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Drath, Viola H.: Handelsblatt

Drinkard, James P.: Associated Press

Drummond, Bob: Bloomberg Business News

Dryden, Steven J.: Bloomberg Business News

Duff, Christina: Wall Street Journal

Duff, Susanna: States News Service

Duffus, Joseph R.: Thomson Newspapers

Dugas, Martin: Slovak News Agency

Duhanov, Serge P.: Moscow Business World

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Duncan, Philip D.: Congressional Quarterly

Dunham, Will: Reuters

Dunne, Nancy: London Financial Times

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Dusseau, Brigitte: Agence France-Presse

Dyson, Jessica J.: Bridge News

Eastham, Todd R.: Bloomberg Business News

Easton, Nina J.: Los Angeles Times

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Edsall, Thomas B.: Washington Post

Egger, W. Gerald: Bloomberg Business News

Eijsvoogel, Juurd: NRC Handelsblad

Eisler, Peter: USA Today

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

El-Ghamry, Atef: Al Ahram International

ElBoghdady, Dina: Orange County Register

Elias, Jorge: La Nacion

Elliott, Polly B.: Ottaway News Service

Elsner, Alan: Reuters

Elving, Ronald: Congressional Quarterly

Emory, Alan S.: Watertown Daily Times

Enda, Jodi A.: Philadelphia Inquirer

Engley, Hollis L.: Gannett News Service

Epstein, Aaron B.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Epstein, Keith C.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Elsasser, Glen R.: Chicago Tribune

Erlanger, Steven: New York Times

Espo, David M.: Associated Press

Esquivel, Jesus P.: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Estevez, Dolia: El Financiero

Estill, Jerry R.: Associated Press

Estill, Robert: Copley News Service

Eurich, Heather J.: Bond Buyer

Evans, Edward: Reuters

Evans, Judith: Washington Post

Evans-Pritchard, Ambrose: London Sunday Telegraph

Fabiani, Christiana: Agence France-Presse

Fagan, Drew: Toronto Globe and Mail

Faiola, Anthony: Washington Post

Faltin, Cornel: Springer Foreign News Service

Fan, Songjiu: Xinhua News Agency

Farhi, Paul: Washington Post

Farragher, Thomas P.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Farrell, John A.: Boston Globe

Feeney, Susan: Dallas Morning News

Fehr, Stephen: Washington Post

Feinsilber, Mike: Associated Press

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Felker, Edward R.: Small Newspaper Group

Felsenthal, Edward H.: Wall Street Journal

Ferguson, Barbara: Saudi Gazette

Ferguson, Ellyn: Gannett News Service

Ferraro, Thomas M.: Bloomberg Business News

Ferrechio, Susan: Washington Times

Ferris, Craig T.: Bond Buyer

Ferry, Barbara: States News Service

Fialka, John J.: Wall Street Journal

Fields, Gary E.: USA Today

Fields-White Monee: Bloomberg Business News

Fillion, Roger O.: Reuters

Filteau, Jerome F.: Catholic News Service

Fiore, Faye: Los Angeles Times

Fireman, Kenneth: Newsday

Fisher, Marc: Washington Post

Fitzgerald, D'Jamila S.: Los Angeles Times

Fix, Janet, L.: Detroit Free Press

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flanigan, James C.: Kuwait News Agency

Flatin, Paul E.: Kyodo News Service

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

[[Page 934]]

Fletcher, Martin A.: London Times

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Flynn, Adrianne M.: Arizona Republic

Foerstel, Karen: New York Post

Foote, Sheila: Defense Daily

Forrest, Bonnie L.: Congressional Quarterly

Foskett, Ken: Atlanta Journal and Constitution

Foster, Andrea L.: Congressional Monitor

Foster-Simeon, Ed: USA Today

Fourcade, Marthe: Bloomberg Business News

Fournier, Ronald: Associated Press

Fox, Adrienne: Investor's Business Daily

Fraley, Colette: Congressional Quarterly

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frandsen, Jon: Gannett News Service

Frank, Jacqueline: Reuters

Franklin, Mary Beth: Franklin News Features

Fraser, Graham: Toronto Globe and Mail

Fraze, Barbara J.: Catholic News Service

Frederick, Don: Los Angeles Times

Frederick, Robb: Ottaway News Service

Freedberg, Louis: San Francisco Chronicle

Freedman, Allan: Congressional Quarterly

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freudmann, Aviva: Journal of Commerce

Freyman, Russell A.: Congressional Monitor

Friedman, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Friesner, Margery: ANSA Italian News Agency

Frisby, Michael K.: Wall Street Journal

Fritsch, Jane F.: New York Times

Fritz, Sara: Los Angeles Times

Fromson, Brett D.: Washington Post

Fu, Norman: China Times

Fujii, Yasushi: Kyodo News Service

Fujimoto, Naomichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Fullerton, Jane: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Fulwood III, Sam: Los Angeles Times

Funabashi, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Furlow, Robert S.: Associated Press

Gaal, Damien J.: Gas Daily

Gaffney, Lisa L.: Congressional Monitor

Galvin, Kevin: Associated Press

Galvin, Thomas: New York Post

Gamerman, Ellen: Baltimore Sun

Gao, Fengyi: Guangming Daily

Garcia, Richard: Reuters

Garland, William K.: Harte-Hanks Newspapers

Garschagen, Oscar G.: De Volkskrant

Gavin, Jennifer: Denver Post

Gavin, Robert: Newhouse News Service

Gay, Lance C.: Scripps Howard News Service

Gazella, Katherine: St. Petersburg Times

Gedda, George: Associated Press

Gee, Robert W.: Baltimore Sun

Geiger, Robert S.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Georges, Chris J.: Wall Street Journal

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

Gerdts, Jennifer A.: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Gerhart, Ann E.: Washington Post

Germond, Jack W.: Baltimore Sun

Gerstenzang, James R.: Los Angeles Times

Gerth, Jeff: New York Times

Gertz, William D.: Washington Times

Gettinger, Steve: Congressional Quarterly

Ghildiyal, Vinod: New Delhi Business & Observer

Giacomo, Carol A.: Reuters

Gibbons, Gene: Reuters

Gigot, Paul: Wall Street Journal

Gimein, Mark: States News Service

Ginsburg, Steven H.: Reuters

Giroux, Gregory L.: Congressional Quarterly

Givhan, Robin: Washington Post

Glachant, Pierre: Agence France-Presse

Glass, Andrew J.: Cox Newspapers

Glass, Joel A.: Lloyd's London Press

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glasser, Jeffrey D.: Washington Post

Glover, Keith D.: Congressional Monitor

Goldberg, Benjamin: Asahi Shimbun

Golden, James R.: Gannett News Service

Goldschlag, William: New York Daily News

Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Goldstein, Jacobo: La Tribuna

Goldstein, Joshua F.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Goldstein, Steven L.: Philadelphia Inquirer

Golkin, Peter: Reuters

Gonzalez, Maria I.: El Norte & Reforma

Gonzalez, V. Casey: Education Daily

Goodrich, Lawrence J.: Christian Science Monitor

Gordon, Gregory: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Gordon, Marcy G.: Associated Press

Goshko, John M.: Washington Post

Gould, Lee A.: Associated Press

Grady, Ernest S.: Philadelphia Daily News

Graham, Bradley L.: Washington Post

Graham, Brian T.: Bridge News

Graham, Jill: CongressDaily

Granader, Robert: States News Service

Grant, Bill L.: Legi-Slate News Service

Gravely, Robert M.: Congressional Monitor

Gray, Jerry: New York Times

Gray, Kevin M.: New York Times

Green, Charles A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Green, Mark D.: Daily Oklahoman

Green, Stephen J.: Copley News Service

Greenberger, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Greenblatt, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Greenburg, Jan C.: Chicago Tribune

Greene, Robert T.: Associated Press

Greenfield, Meg: Washington Post

Greenhouse, Linda J.: New York Times

Greve, Frank J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

[[Page 935]]

Griffith, Patricia K.: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Blade

Grimaldi, James V.: Seattle Times

Groer, Anne: Washington Post

Grove, Lloyd B.: Washington Post

Gruenwald, Juliana: Congressional Quarterly

Gruley, Bryan: Wall Street Journal

Gugliotta, Guy: Washington Post

Gulino, Denny: Market News Service

Gullo, Karen: Associated Press

Gurdon, Hugo: London Daily Telegraph

Gutfeld, Rose: Congressional Quarterly

Gutman, Roy W.: Newsday

Gvozdas, Susan: USA Today

Haase, David L.: Indianapolis Star-News

Hackett, Laurel E.: Scripps Howard News Service

Hadar, Leon, T.: Singapore Business Times

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: Reuters

Hager, George: Congressional Quarterly

Haggerty, Maryann: Washington Post

Hall, Carol B.: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Hall, John N.: Media General News Service

Hall, Margaret W.: USA Today

Hallinan, Joseph T.: Newhouse News Service

Hallow, Ralph Z.: Washington Times

Hamalainen, Aloysia C.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamburger, Tom: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Hamilton, Martha A.: Washington Post

Han, Edward N.: Central News Agency

Hanchette, John M.: Gannett News Service

Hand, Mark: Gas Daily

Hanner, Kenneth W.: Washington Times

Hansard, Sara: Bridge News

Hansen, Barbara E.: USA Today

Hanson, Christopher: Hearst Newspapers

Hara, Toshiro: Mainichi Shimbun

Harada, Ryosuke: Nikkei

Harari, Nathaniel: Scripps Howard News Service

Harden, Blaine: Washington Post

Harden, Patrick: Toronto Sun

Hardin, Peter: Richmond Times-Dispatch

Hardy, Michael J.: Newhouse News Service

Hargrove, Thomas K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Harlan, Christi: Austin American-Statesman

Harmon, Bruce: Bridge News

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harris, John F.: Washington Post

Harris, Katherine E.: Legi-Slate News Service

Harrison, David: Education Daily

Harrison, Katie: Hearst Newspapers

Harrison, Nathaniel: Agence France-Presse

Hartman, Carl: Associated Press

Hartnagel, Nancy J.: Catholic News Service

Hartson, Merrill: Associated Press

Harwood, John J.: Wall Street Journal

Hashim, Salmy M.: Malaysian News Agency

Hasson, Judith B.: USA Today

Hastings, Maribel: La Opinion

Hatty, Michele: Congressional Monitor

Havemann, Joel: Los Angeles Times

Havemann, Judith: Washington Post

Hawkings, David: Congressional Monitor

Hawkins, Charles S.: Bloomberg Business News

Hazar, Hasan M.: Turkiye Daily

Healey, James R.: USA Today

Healy, Melissa: Los Angeles Times

Hebel, Sara: Legi-Slate News Service

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hebner, Anna B.: Legi-Slate News Service

Hedges, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Heesup, Jun: Yonhap News Agency

Heikes, Drex: Los Angeles Times

Heinicke, Erik: Dow Jones News Services

Heldman, Paul: Bloomberg Business News

Henderson, Jacqueline, M.: USA Today

Hendrickson, Paul J.: Washington Post

Henley, David C.: Lahontan Valley News

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Hershey, William L.: Akron Beacon Journal

Hershey, Jr.: Robert D.: New York Times

Hess, David W.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Hewett, Jennifer A.: Sidney Morning Herald

Heyniger, Will: Congressional Monitor

Hiatt, Fred: Washington Post

Hicks, Desiree F.: Gannett News Service

Hieronymus, Bill: Bridge News

Hill, Patrice S.: Washington Times

Hillman, G. Robert: Dallas Morning News

Hilzenrath, David: Washington Post

Hines, Cragg: Houston Chronicle

Hinton, Earl: Associated Press

Hitt, Greg A.: Wall Street Journal

Hodges, Sam L.: Newhouse News Service

Hoeffel, John E.: Winston-Salem Journal

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Hohler, Robert T.: Boston Globe

Holland, Judy: Hearst Newspapers

Holmes, Steven: New York Times

Hong, Euntaek: Dong-A Ilbo

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hoopes, Cora R.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Hope, Heather A.: Congressional Quarterly

Horner, Carol J.: Wall Street Journal

Horner, Ferne M.: New York Times

Horowitz, Carl F.: Investor's Business Daily

Horsey, David: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Hosansky, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hoshi, Hiroshi: Asahi Shimbun

Hoskins, Richard: Reuters

Hosler, Karen A.: Baltimore Sun

House, Julia R.: San Francisco Chronicle

Householder, Michael A.: Associated Press

Hoversten, Paul, M.: USA Today

Howe, Patrick: Small Newspaper Group

[[Page 936]]

Howell, Deborah: Newhouse News Service

Hubler, David, E.: United Press International

Hughes, John: Small Newspapers Group

Hulse, Carl: New York Times Regional Newspapers

Hume, Lynn, S.: Bond Buyer

Hunt, Albert, R.: Wall Street Journal

Hunt, Terence: Associated Press

Hutcheson, Ron, M.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Huygen, Maarten: NRC Handelsblad

Hyzy, Ursula: Agence France-Presse

Iiyama, Masashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ikemura, Toshiro: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ingersoll, Bruce: Wall Street Journal

Innerst, Carol: Washington Times

Ishiai, Tsutomu: Asahi Shimbun

Ito, Hiroaki: Asahi Shimbun

Ito, Yoshiaki: Mainichi Shimbun

Jackler, Rosalind: Boston Globe

Jackson, David A.: Chicago Tribune

Jackson, David M.: Dallas Morning News

Jackson, Robert L.: Los Angeles Times

Jackson, Sarah: Agence France-Presse

Jacoby, Mary: Chicago Tribune

James Frank E. III: Chicago Tribune

Janofsky, Michael: New York Times

Jaspin, Elliot: Cox Newspapers

Jensen, Kristin: Bloomberg Business News

Jesdanun, Anick: Associated Press

Jingsheng, Zhai: Xinhua News Agency

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Mark: Media General News Service

Johnson, Sandy K.: Associated Press

Johnson-Settles Mary: McClatchy Newspapers

Johnston, Carl A.: Dow Jones News Services

Johnston, David: New York Times

Jones, David: Washington Times

Jones, Rachel: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Jones, Wendy, P.: Ottaway News Service

Jordan, Gregory W.: New York Times

Joseph, Ludwina A.: New Delhi Views and News Agency

Jouzaitis, Carol: Chicago Tribune

Joyce, Stacey A.: Reuters

Judson, David: Gannett News Service

Judson, Mark: Mainichi Shimbun

Jukes, Stephen A.: Reuters

Jung, Yun, J.: Han-Kyoreh Shinmun

Kaffsack, Hanns-Jochen: German Press Agency - DPA

Kalabinski, Jacek M.: Gazeta Wyborcza

Kalb, Deborah: Gannett News Service

Kamen, Al: Washington Post

Kanamine, Linda M.: USA Today

Kane, Paul, J.: States News Service

Kang, Stephanie: Travel Management Daily

Kaplan, Lisa F.: Gannett News Service

Kaplan, Peter: Washington Times

Kaplan, Refet: Washington Times

Kaps, Carola: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

Karey, Gerald: Platt's Oilgram News

Karmin, Monroe W.: Bloomberg Business News

Karp, Aaron: Washington Merry-Go-Round

Karr, Albert R.: Wall Street Journal

Kashiyama, Yukio: Sankei Shimbun

Kasindorf, Martin: Newsday

Kato, Kiyotaka: Jiji Press

Katz, Evan: States News Service

Katz, Jeffrey L.: Congressional Quarterly

Katz, Lee, M.: USA Today

Kaul, Donald W.: Des Moines Register

Kayal, Michele: Journal of Commerce

Kaye, Melissa W.: Congressional Quarterly

Kean, Edward: Bridge News

Keates, Nancy: Dow Jones News Services

Keatley, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Keefe, Stephen R.: Nikkei

Keen, Judith C.: USA Today

Keeton, Jeffrey E.: Scripps Howard News Service

Keil, Richard: Associated Press

Kelley, Jack: USA Today

Kelley, Joanne: Reuters

Kellman, Laurie A.: Washington Times

Kellogg, Sarah M.: Newhouse News Service

Kelly, Brian: Washington Post

Kelly, Erin V.: Gannett News Service

Kelly, Patrick: Bridge News

Kemper, Robert J.: Newport News Daily Press

Kempster, Norman: Los Angeles Times

Kenen, Joanne: Reuters

Kenna, Kathleen: Toronto Star

Kennedy, Barbara F.: Saudi Gazette

Kennedy, Tim: Saudi Gazette

Kessler, Glenn: Newsday

Keto, Laurin A.: Dow Jones News Services

Kiely, Kathy: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Kikilo, Vladimir I.: Itar-Tass News Agency

Kil, Jeong-Woo: Joong-Ang Ilbo

Kilian, Michael D.: Chicago Tribune

Kim, Dae-Ho: Maeil Kyungji Daily

Kim, Eun, K.: Associated Press

Kim, Jae-Young: Seoul Shinmun Daily

Kim, James: USA Today

Kim, Jong, H.: Pusan Daily News

King, Colbert: Washington Post

King, John, C.: Associated Press

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Peter, H.: Congressional Monitor

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchhoff, Suzanne: Reuters

Kishimoto, Masato: Mainichi Shimbun

Kister, Kurt: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Kitajima, Shigeji: Asahi Shimbun

Kivlan, Terence J.: Newhouse News Service

Klein, Gilbert F.: Media General News Service

Kliewer, Nancy: Cox Newspapers

[[Page 937]]

Kline, Alan: Washington Times

Klosky, Deborah L.: Dow Jones News Services

Knight, Jerry: Washington Post

Knowlton, Brian B.: International Herald Tribune

Knox, Noelle: Detroit News

Knox, Oliver: Agence France-Presse

Knupfer, Uwe: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Knutson, Lawrence L.: Associated Press

Koar, Jurgen: Stuttgarter Zeitung

Kocerha, Vladimir: Gestion

Koch, Wendy: Hearst Newspapers

Koike, Hirotsugu: Nikkei

Komarow, Steven: USA Today

Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

Kong, Huney: Kwangju Ilbo Daily News

Kopecki, Dawn: Washington Times

Korinek, Otakar: Slovak News Agency

Kornelius, Stefan: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Koszczuk, Jaculine M.: Congressional Quarterly

Kovaleski, Serge F.: Washington Post

Kovski, Alan: Oil Daily

Kozluklu, Fuat: Cumhuriyet Daily

Kramer, Eugene: Associated Press

Kranish, Michael A.: Boston Globe

Kreisher, Otto: Copley News Service

Krishnaswami, Sridhar: The Hindu

Kristiansen, Catherine: Bridge News

Kronholz, June: Wall Street Journal

Kuchiki, Naotumi: Chunichi-Tokyo Shimbun

Kuczynski-Delaney, Sherry K.: Investor's Business Daily

Kuhnhenn, James, L.: Kansas City Star

Kuhon, Albert, P.: Suara Pembaruan

Kunimatsu, Toru: Yomiuri Shimbun

Kuntz, Philip A.: Wall Street Journal

Kurata, Miyuki: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kurtzman, Daniel: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Kuttler, Hillel: Jerusalem Post

LaFraniere, Sharon: Washington Post

LaGesse, David: Dallas Morning News

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lacey, Marc: Los Angeles Times

Lachica, Eduardo: Asian Wall Street Journal

Lamb, David: Los Angeles Times

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Lan, Dah-Wey: Commons Daily

Landay, Jonathan S.: Christian Science Monitor

Lande, Laurie: Dow Jones News Services

Landers, James M.: Dallas Morning News

Landry, Carole: Agence France-Presse

Lane, Earl: Newsday

Lang, John S.: Scripps Howard News Service

Langan, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Langfitt, Frank D.: Baltimore Sun

Langley, Norma: News Group Publications

Lardner, George: Washington Post

Larsen, Leonard E.: Scripps Howard News Service

Larson, Ruth, I.: Washington Times

Lau, Debra: Yomiuri Shimbun

Lauria, Angela E.: Newspaper Enterprise Association

Lawrence, Christine, C.: Congressional Quarterly

Lawrence, Jill D.: USA Today

Lawrence, Richard: Journal of Commerce

Lawsky, David A.: Reuters

Lawton, Kim A.: Newhouse News Service

Lazarovici, Laureen: Education Daily

Leary, Warren E.: New York Times

Leavitt, Paul W.: USA Today

Lebedev, Ivan: Itar-Tass News Agency

Lee, Jae-Ho: Dong-A Ilbo

Lee, Jessica: USA Today

Lee, Siew Hua: Straits Times

Leffler, Pete: Allentown Morning Call

Lehman, Mary A.: CongressDaily

Leiby, Richard: Washington Post

Lemons, Terry: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Leonard, Mary C.: Boston Globe

Leonning, Carol D.: Charlotte Observer

Lesourd, Pierre: Agence France-Presse

Leubsdorf, Carl P.: Dallas Morning News

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levy, Douglas A.: USA Today

Lewis, Charles J.: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Copley News Service

Lewis, Katherine: Dallas Morning News

Lewis, Michael: New York Times

Lewis, Neil A.: New York Times

Lewthwaite, Gilbert A.: Baltimore Sun

Liang, Zhang: Beijing People's Daily

Licitra, Annette: Education Daily

Lieberman, Brett: Newhouse News Service

Liebert, Larry: Congressional Monitor

Lieblich, Julia: Newhouse News Service

Lifshey, Adam: Asahi Shimbun

Lightfoot-Clark, Regina: Education Daily

Lightman, David: Hartford Courant

Lilleston, Thomas R.: Congressional Monitor

Lin, Betty P.: World Journal

Lindberg, Rainer S.: Nachrichten fuer Aussenhandel

Lindberg, Tod M.: Washington Times

Lindsay, John H.: Scripps Howard News Service

Lipman, Laurence M.: Palm Beach Post/Cox Newspapers

Lipold, John: Bridge News

Lippman, Thomas W.: Washington Post

Litvan, Laura M.: Investor's Business Daily

Liu, Marco C.: Taipei Economic Daily

Liu, Ning K.: Youth Daily News

Lobe, James P.: Inter Press Service

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Lochhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Loeb, Vernon F.: Washington Post

Lopez, Jose: Notimex Mexican News Agency

[[Page 938]]

Lorenzetti, Maureen S.: Platt's Oilgram News

Loughlin, Sean M.: New York Times

Love, Alice A.: Associated Press

Lowe, Roger K.: Columbus Dispatch

Lowy, Joan A.: Scripps Howard News Service

Luther, James W.: Associated Press

Lynch, David E.: Lynch News Service

Lyons, Christina: Congressional Monitor

Lytle, Tamara: Orlando Sentinel

Maalouf, Rafic K.: Al Hayat

MacDonald, David M.: McClendon News Service

MacDonald, John A.: Hartford Courant

MacFarland, Margo: Congressional Monitor

MacLeish, Rod: Christian Science Monitor

MacPherson, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Macabrey, J.M.: La Tribune Desfosses

Macaluso, Nora G.: Bloomberg Business News

Machacek, John W.: Gannett News Service

Machida, Tetsu: Nikkei

Mackler, Peter: Agence France-Presse

Maddox, Jennifer: Scripps Howard News Service

Magg, Laura A.: States News Service

Maggs, John J.: Journal of Commerce

Magner, Michael J.: Newhouse News Service

Maier, Thomas: German Press Agency - DPA

Majano, Rosendo: EFE News Service

Mak, Matthew: USA Today

Malarstedt, Kurt: Dagens Nyheter

Malone, Julia: Cox Newspapers

Mandel, Susan: Bridge News

Mann, James H.: Los Angeles Times

Mann, William C.: Associated Press

Mannion, James C.: Agence France-Presse

Manthey, Marlene: Zeitungsring

Maraniss, David: Washington Post

Marchak, Elizabeth A.: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Marcus, David, L.: Boston Globe

Marcus, Ruth: Washington Post

Marcy, Steven K.: Bridge News

Marek, Lynne A.: Bloomberg Business News

Margasak, Lawrence N.: Associated Press

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Marlowe, Robert E.: Media General News Service

Marolo, Bruno: ANSA Italian News Agency

Marquis, Christopher: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Marriott, Anne E.: Washington Times

Marshall, Stephen B.: USA Today

Marshall, Toni L.: Washington Times

Marshall, Tyler: Los Angeles Times

Martin, David K.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Martin, Fowler W.: Dow Jones News Services

Martin, Gary R.: San Antonio Express-News

Martin, Jurek: London Financial Times

Martin, Kim S.: Dow Jones News Services

Martin, Sean E.: Health News Daily

Martinez, Gebe: Los Angeles Times

Martos, Carlos: EFE News Service

Marwill, Philip: Congressional Monitor

Marx, Claude R.: Investor's Business Daily

Mas, Xavier: La Vanguardia

Masci, David: Congressional Monitor

Mathewson, Judith M.: Ottaway News Service

Mathis, Nancy: Houston Chronicle

Matsuda, Hideaki: Jiji Press

Matsumoto, Hiroshi: Kyodo News Service

Mattheiem, Nathalie: Le Soir

Matthews, Christopher J.: San Francisco Examiner

Matthews, Mark H.: Baltimore Sun

Mauro, Anthony E.: USA Today

Mayer, Caroline F.: Washington Post

Mayer, Luigi: ANSA Italian News Agency

Mays, Andrea L.: USA Today

McAllister, William H.: Washington Post

McBee, Susanna: Hearst Newspapers

McBride, Sarah: Wall Street Journal

McCaney, Kevin P.: Ottaway News Service

McCarthy, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

McCaslin, John L.: Washington Times

McClain, John D.: Associated Press

McClendon, Sarah: McClendon News Service

McClinton, Dennis: Associated Press

McCombs, Philip A.: Washington Post

McConnell, William: American Banker

McCord, Nancy S.: London Financial Times

McCune, Greg A.: Reuters

McCutcheon, Chuck: Congressional Monitor

McDonald, Andrew: New York Times

McDonald, Elizabeth G.: Bloomberg Business News

McDonald, Greg: Houston Chronicle

McDowell, Charles R.: Richmond Times-Dispatch

McFeatters, Ann C.: Scripps Howard News Service

McFeatters, Dale B.: Scripps Howard News Service

McGinley, Laurie: Wall Street Journal

McGray, Kevin: New York Times

McGregor, Deborah: Congressional Quarterly

McGrory, Brian: Boston Globe

McGrory, Mary: Washington Post

McGuinness, Jean E.: Chicago Tribune

McIntyre, David T.: German Press Agency - DPA

McKee, Michael: Bloomberg Business News

McKinney, Joan: Baton Rouge Morning Advocate

McLean, Renwick: El Pais

McLoone, Tracy: CongressDaily

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McNulty, Timothy J.: Chicago Tribune

McQuaid, John G.: New Orleans Times-Picayune

McQuillan, Laurence: Reuters

Meadows, Clifton E.: New York Times

Means, Marianne: Hearst Newspapers

Mears, Walter R.: Associated Press

Meckler, Laura: Associated Press

Meinert, Dori: Copley News Service

Meisler, Stanley: Los Angeles Times

Mello, Michael: Ottaway News Service

[[Page 939]]

Melton, Robert H.: Washington Post

Memmott, Mark J.: USA Today

Menon, Nambalat C.: Hindustan Times

Mercer, Marsha D.: Media General News Service

Mercurio, John: Washington Times

Merida, Kevin E.: Washington Post

Merline, John W.: Investor's Business Daily

Merry, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Meszoly, Robin D.: Bloomberg Business News

Mevel, Jean-Jacques: Le Figaro

Meyer, Harold: Nachrichten fuer Aussenhandel

Miga, Andrew L.: Boston Herald

Minh, Nguyen: Vietnam News Agency

Milius, Peter: Washington Post

Milius, Susan C.: United Press International

Milk, Jeremy L.: Yomiuri Shimbun

Millan, Delia A.: EFE News Service

Miller, Alan C.: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Amy B.: Education Daily

Miller, Jeff: Scripps Howard News Service

Miller, Jill Y.: Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel

Miller, Richard M.: Reuters

Mills, Betty: Griffin-Larrabee News Service

Mills, Mike: Washington Post

Mintz, Elana: Congressional Quarterly

Mintz, John D.: Washington Post

Mironov, Arseny: Itar-Tass News Agency

Mitchell, Alison: New York Times

Miyamoto, Akihiko: Nikkei

Mizuno, Takaaki: Asahi Shimbun

Mkhondo, Rich: Independent Newspapers of S.Africa

Mohammed, Arshad A.: Reuters

Mollison, Andrew R.: Cox Newspapers

Molotsky, Irvin D.: New York Times

Monberg, Helene C.: Monberg News Service

Montet, Virginie: Agence France-Presse

Montgomery, Anne: Health News Daily

Montgomery, Lori A.: Detroit Free Press

Montgomery, Scott: Dayton Daily News/Cox Newspapers

Montoya, Joseph: Reuters

Monyak, Fred: Baltimore Sun

Mooar, Brian: Washington Post

Moon, Julie: U.S.-Asian News Service

Moreno, Elena: EFE News Service

Moreno, Rafael: EFE News Service

Morgan, Dan: Washington Post

Moriarty, JoAnn: Newhouse News Service

Morin, Richard: Washington Post

Morita, Seisaku: Sekai Nippo

Morris, David J.: Associated Press

Morris, Vincent S.: Washington Times

Morrison, Joanne: Bond Buyer

Morrissey, Matthew: CongressDaily

Moser, Patrick: Agence France-Presse

Moyer, Pamela: States News Service

Mulligan, John E.: Providence Journal-Bulletin

Muradian, Vago: Defense Daily

Muramatsu, Masaaki: Nikkei

Muraoka, Shinichiro: Jiji Press

Murayama, Kohei: Kyodo News Service

Murphy, Daniel J.: Investor's Business Daily

Murray, Alan S.: Wall Street Journal

Murray, Frank J.: Washington Times

Murray, Sharon K.: Media General News Service

Murray, William: Dow Jones News Services

Music, Kimberley A.: Oil Daily

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Steven L.: New York Times

Nagai, Toshiharu: Kyodo News Service

Nagoshi, Kenro: Jiji Press

Nakata, Masahiro: Sankei Shimbun

Nakaya, Yuji: Kyodo News Service

Nall, Stephanie: Journal of Commerce

Navarro da Costa, Mario: ABIM News Agency

Neikirk, William R.: Chicago Tribune

Nelson, Jack: Los Angeles Times

Nelson, Lars-Erik: New York Daily News

Nesbitt, Jim: Newhouse News Service

Nesmith, Jeff H.: Cox Newspapers

Neuman, Johanna: USA Today

Neus, Elizabeth: Gannett News Service

Newman, Bud: CongressDaily

Newman-Barnett, Pamela B.: Energy Daily

Nicholson, Jonathan: Munifacts News Wire

Nielsen, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Nishikura, Kazuyoshi: Kyodo News

Nissirio, Patrizio: ANSA Italian News Agency

Nitschke, Lori: Congressional Monitor

Noah, Timothy R.: Wall Street Journal

Nomani, Asra Q.: Wall Street Journal

Nordwall, Eric: United Press International

Norman, Jane M.: Des Moines Register

Norton, Stephen J.: Legi-Slate News Service

Novovitch, Barbara: Reuters

Nozaki, Saiko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Nugroho, Irawan: Jawa Pos Daily

Nutting, Brian W.: Congressional Monitor

Nyhan, Paul: Bloomberg Business News

Nyitray, Joseph P.: Congressional Quarterly

O'Brien, Nancy F.: Catholic News Service

O'Connell, Connie C.: Associated Press

O'Connell, Jim: Scripps Howard News Service

O'Connor, Rory: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

O'Donnell, Jayne: USA Today

O'Donnell, Jr., John B.: Baltimore Sun

O'Driscoll, Mary: Energy Daily

O'Neil, John D.: New York Times

O'Ritter, Hal: USA Today

O'Rourke, Lawrence M.: McClatchy Newspapers

O'Toole, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Ochelli, Victor J.: Reuters

Oden, Henry: Wall Street Journal

Ogrim, Helge: Norwegian News Agency

[[Page 940]]

Okada, Norio: Akahata

Okie, Susan: Washington Post

Oliphant, Cortright W.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, John L.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Robert C.: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Thomas N.: Boston Globe

Olnhausen, Jeff: Congressional Information Bureau

Omae, Hitoshi: Nikkei

Omicinski, John J.: Gannett News Service

Onishi, Takao: Hokkaido Shimbun

Orantes, Cesar A.: El Grafico

Orin, Deborah: New York Post

Orlov, Arkadiy: RIA Novosti

Orr, J. Scott: Newhouse News Service

Oshima, Hiroshi: Kyodo News Service

Ostroff, Jim: Fairchild News Service

Ostrow, Ronald J.: Los Angeles Times

Ota, Yasuhiko: Nikkei

Otsuka, Ryuichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ottaway, David B.: Washington Post

Otten, Alan L.: Wall Street Journal

Otto, Mary C.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Overberg, Paul: USA Today

Owens, Jennifer: Fairchild News Service

Pace, David H.: Associated Press

Packer-Tursman, Judy: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Blade

Page, Susan L.: USA Today

Painter, Kim: USA Today

Pajares, Fernando: EFE News Service

Palmer, Doug: Bridge News

Palmer, Elizabeth: Congressional Monitor

Pan, Herman: Central News Agency

Papandoniou, Lampros: Macedonia News Agency

Paquette, Michael J.: Newhouse News Service

Parasuram, T.V.: Press Trust of India

Parenthoen, Isabelle: Agence France-Presse

Park, Doosik: Chosum Ilbo

Park, In-Kyn: Kyunghyang Shinmun

Parker, Richard: Albuquerque Journal

Parker, Vicki L.: Wall Street Journal

Pasarin, Sorin G.: Evenimentul Zilei

Passarini, Paolo: La Stampa

Patterson, Dean J.: Munifacts News Wire

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Paul, Sonali J.: Reuters

Payne, Henry: Scripps Howard News Service

Payton, Jack R.: St. Petersburg Times

Pear, Robert L.: New York Times

Pearson, Mark L.: USA Today

Peck, Louis M.: CongressDaily

Pendleton, Keeby: USA Today

Perry, James M.: Wall Street Journal

Pesce, Carolyn: USA Today

Pesek, Jr., William: Dow Jones News Services

Petersen, Rosemary D.: Des Moines Register

Peterson, Denise: Health News Daily

Peterson, Jonathan: Los Angeles Times

Peterson, Margaret: Legi-Slate News Service

Pethel, Blair: Bridge News

Petruska, Anne: Health News Daily

Phillips, Don: Washington Post

Phillips, Michael M.: Wall Street Journal

Philpott, Thomas R.: Military Update

Phinney, David: States News Service

Piacente, Steve: Charleston Post-Courier

Pianin, Eric S.: Washington Post

Pichaske, Peter D.: Phillips News Service

Pierce, Gregory T.: Washington Times

Pierre, Ruetschi: Tribune De Geneve

Pike, David F.: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Pina, Michael: Travel Management Daily

Pincus, Walter: Washington Post

Pine, Art: Los Angeles Times

Pinkerton, James P.: Newsday

Pins, Kenneth W.: Des Moines Register

Pisano, Carl A.: USA Today

Plocek, Joseph E.: Market News Service

Plungis, Jeffrey: Congressional Monitor

Poe, Edgar: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Poling, Bill: Travel Management Daily

Pompa, Frank A.: Gannett News Service

Pomper, Miles A.: Legi-Slate News Service

Poor, Timothy J.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Pope, Charles: Columbia State

Popescu, Bianca: Evenimentul Zilei

Porretta, Anthony L.: Congressional Monitor

Pottinger, Matthew, F.: States News Service

Povich, Elaine S.: Newsday

Powell, Stewart M.: Hearst Newspapers

Powelson, Richard: Scripps Howard News Service

Powers, Evelyn T.: USA Today

Powers, Ronald E.: Associated Press

Pressman, Aaron: Reuters

Preston, June R.: United Press International

Prewitt, Bashaan: Gas Daily

Price, David A.: Investor's Business Daily

Price, Deborah J.: Detroit News

Price, Tom: Cox Newspapers

Priddy, Dave: States News Service

Priest, Dana: Washington Post

Pritchard, Justin: Legi-Slate News Service

Pruden, Wesley: Washington Times

Pruitt, Claude Philip: Gannett News Service

Pruzan, Jeffrey S.: Gas Daily

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Puertas, Jose A.: Agence France-Presse

Purdum, Todd S.: New York Times

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Pyatt, Jr.: Rudolph, A.: Washington Post

Pyun, Jung R.: Kyodo News Service

Quansheng, Fu: Xinhua News Agency

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

Racz, Peter: Hungarian News Agency

Ramadan, Wafik: L'Orient - Le Jour

[[Page 941]]

Ramey, Joanna: Fairchild News Service

Ramjug, Peter A.: Reuters

Ramos, Robert R.: Reuters

Rankin, Robert A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Rauber, Marilyn: New York Post

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Reath, Viki: Washington Times

Recer, Paul: Associated Press

Recio, Maria E.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Reed, Jennifer E.: Catholic News Service

Reeve, Vicki L.: Saudi Press Agency

Reeves, Pamela: Scripps Howard News Service

Reeves, Tracy A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Rehm, Barbara A.: American Banker

Remez, Michael A.: Hartford Courant

Rennert, Leo: McClatchy Newspapers

Resnick, Amy B.: Bond Buyer

Rhodes, Tom: London Times

Rich, Spencer: Washington Post

Richards, Patrick R.: USA Today

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Ricks, Thomas E.: Wall Street Journal

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Riedler, Monica A.: Die Presse

Rifkin, Ira: Newhouse News Service

Rimscha, Robert von: Der Tagesspeigel

Ringle, Ken: Washington Post

Rios, Delia M.: Newhouse News Service

Ripley, Amanda: Congressional Monitor

Risen, James E.: Los Angeles Times

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Ritter, Hal: USA Today

Ritter, John: USA Today

Ritter, Robert: Gannett News Service

Ritter, Scott: Dow Jones News Services

Rizzo, Katherine M.: Associated Press

Roache, Marlo: New York Times Regional Newspapers

Robb, Gregory A.: AFX News Service

Robbins, Carla, A.: Wall Street Journal

Roberson, Peggy: Federal Document Clearinghouse News Service

Roberts, Roxanne: Washington Post

Roberts, Steven: New York Daily News

Roberts, William L. III: Journal of Commerce

Robicheaux, Virginia D.: Deep Dixie News Service

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, John A.: Defense Daily

Robinson, Loretta E.: Bloomberg Business News

Robinson, Melissa B.: Associated Press

Robinson, Robert G., Jr.: Market News Service

Rodrigo, Alejandro: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rodrigue, George P. III: Dallas Morning News

Rodriguez, Paul M.: Washington Times

Roe, Linda Feldmann: Christian Science Monitor

Rogers, David E.: Wall Street Journal

Rohner, Mark: Bloomberg Business News

Roland, Neil: Bloomberg Business News

Rolnick, Josh: Congressional Monitor

Roman, Nancy E.: Washington Times

Roque, Francisco: EFE News Service

Rosato, Donna: USA Today

Rose, Flemming: Berlingske Tidende

Rosen, James M.: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenbaum, David E.: New York Times

Rosenberg, Carol: Miami Herald

Rosenberg, Eric M.: Hearst Newspapers

Rosenblatt, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Rosenthal, Harry F.: Associated Press

Ross, Sonya L.: Associated Press

Roth, Bennett: Houston Chronicle

Rothacker, Richard J.: Legi-Slate News Service

Rothberg, Donald M.: Associated Press

Rowold, Manfred: Die Welt

Rozman, Thea D.: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ruane, Michael E.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Rubin, Alissa J.: Congressional Quarterly

Rubin, James H.: Associated Press

Ruest, Thomas G.: Tages Anzeiger

Ruffner, Annette R.: Boston Globe

Ruiz, Phillip: Los Angeles Times

Runningen, Roger D.: Bloomberg Business News

Rupprecht, Jody: Congressional Quarterly

Ruzicka, Milan: Journal of Commerce

Ryan, Colleen: Australian Financial Review

Ryan, Richard A.: Detroit News

Ryan, Timothy F.: Reuters

Rzeznitzeck, Peter: Rheinische Post

Saffir, Barbara J.: Washington Post

Safford, David T.: Legi-Slate News Service

Safire, William: New York Times

Sakikawa, Shinichiro: Hokkaido Shimbun

Salisbury, William S.: St. Paul Pioneer Press

Sammon, Richard: Congressional Monitor

Sample, Herbert A.: McClatchy Newspapers

Sanchez, Emilio: EFE News Service

Sanchez, Marcela: El Tiempo

Sanchez, Rene: Washington Post

Sandalow, Marc: San Francisco Chronicle

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sanger, David E.: New York Times

Sansbury, Timothy J.: Journal of Commerce

Santana, Norberto, Jr.: Congressional Monitor

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Sanz, Marie: Agence France-Presse

Sase, Moriyoshi: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Sautter, William H.: Associated Press

Savage, David G.: Los Angeles Times

Sawyer, Jon M.: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Sawyer, Kathy: Washington Post

Scales, Ann: Boston Globe

Scanlon, Leo F.: Intercontinental Media Service

Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Times

[[Page 942]]

Schatz, Amy J.: Wall Street Journal

Scheibel, Kenneth M.: Washington Bureau News

Scheid, Jon F.: Bridge News

Scherer, Eric: Agence France-Presse

Scherf, Margaret: Associated Press

Schibli, Peter: Basler Zeitung

Schlein, Alan M.: Schlein News Bureau

Schlesinger, Jacob M.: Wall Street Journal

Schmick, William F.: Ottaway News Service

Schmickle, Sharon: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Schmid, Randolph E.: Associated Press

Schmid, Sharon L.: Wall Street Journal

Schmidt, Susan: Washington Post

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schmitt, Richard B.: Wall Street Journal

Schneider, Avinoam: Bridge News

Schouten, Fredreka: Gannett News Service

Schram, Martin: Scripps Howard News Service

Schulte, Brigid: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Schuster, Larry: United Press International

Schwartz, John: Washington Post

Schwartz, Leland: States News Service

Schwartz, Maralee: Washington Post

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Schwerzleer, Nancy J.: Legi-Slate News Service

Sciolino, Elaine: New York Times

Scott, Andrew J.: Easton Star Democrat

Scott, Heather: Market News Service

Scully, Sean P.: Washington Times

Seachrist, Lisa: BioWorld Today

Seeley, John P.: Travel Management Daily

Seelye, Katharine Q.: New York Times

Segawa, Shiro: Mainichi Shimbun

Seib, Gerald F.: Wall Street Journal

Seiberg, Jaret: American Banker

Sekles, Maria F.: Jornal Do Brasil

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Serrano, Richard A.: Los Angeles Times

Serrin, Judith A.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Shafer, Ronald G.: Wall Street Journal

Shakow, Patricia: Washington Post

Shanahan, Eileen: New American News Service

Sharn, Lori: USA Today

Sharpe, Rochelle: Wall Street Journal

Shaw, Cameron: Reuters

Shaw, John T.: Market News Service

Shearer, Cody P.: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

Shearer, Mary Ellen: Medill News Service

Shenon, Philip: New York Times

Shenoy, Sujatha: New Delhi Business Standard

Shepard, Paul: Associated Press

Shepard, Scott: Cox Newspapers

Shephard, Robert: Shephard News Features

Sherman, Mark J.: Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Sherrell, David M.: Market News Service

Shibuta, Tamio: Nishi-Nippon Shimbun

Shields, Gerard: Scripps Howard News Service

Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

Shin, Jae M.: Hankook Ilbo

Shin, Sang I.: Segye Ilbo/Segye Times

Shiner, Josette: Washington Times

Shiver, Jube, Jr.: Los Angeles Times

Shogan, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Shogren, Elizabeth: Los Angeles Times

Shore, Benjamin: Copley News Service

Shorrock, Timothy S.: Journal of Commerce

Shribman, David: Boston Globe

Shrohi, Seema: Calcutta Telegraph

Sia, Richard: Legi-Slate News Service

Sichelman, Lew: United Features Syndicate

Sieff, Martin: Washington Times

Siegel, Stephen J.: Wisconsin State Journal

Silvassy, Kathleen C.: United Press International

Silverman, Elissa C.: States News Service

Simon, Roger: Creators Syndicate

Simpson, Eileen: Congressional Monitor

Simpson, Glenn R.: Wall Street Journal

Singh, Ram A.: Bombay Free Press Journal

Singletary, Michelle: Washington Post

Siniff, John M.: USA Today

Sisk, Richard P.: New York Daily News

Sisnev, Vissarion I.: Trud

Sitov, Andrei K.: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skidmore, David W.: Associated Press

Skorneck, Carolyn: Associated Press

Skrzycki, Cindy: Washington Post

Slavin, Barbara: USA Today

Slevin, Peter: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Sloyan, Patrick J.: Newsday

Smith, Dennis J.: Congressional Monitor

Smith, Donna M.: Reuters

Smith, Hedirck L.: Universal Press Syndicate

Smith, Nichols: Scipps Howard News Service

Smith, R. Jeffery: Washington Post

Smith, Veronica: Agence France-Presse

Sniffen, Michael J.: Associated Press

Snyder, Charles A.: Hong Kong Standard

Sobierai, Sandra J.: Associated Press

Solomon, John F.: Associated Press

Somerville, Glenn F.: Reuters

Sommer, Scott W.: Associated Press

Sotero, Paulo: O Estado De S. Paulo

Sparacino, Micaele: Congressional Quarterly

Specht, Jim: Gannett News Service

Spence, Timothy E.: United Press International

Spitzer, Kirk B.: Gannett News Service

Squeo, Anne Marie: Bloomberg Business News

Squires, Sally: Washington Post

Squitieri, Tom: USA Today

Stamas, Vicky J.: Reuters

Stanton, Michael: Bond Buyer

Starr, Frank: Medill News Service

[[Page 943]]

Stempleman, Neil: Bridge News

Stern, Amy: Congressional Monitor

Stern, Christopher S.: Variety Daily

Stern, Henry: Associated Press

Stern, Marcus, A.: Copley News Service

Stevens, Carol: Detroit News

Stevenson, Richard W.: New York Times

Stewart, B. Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stewart, Michael R.: Asahi Shimbun

Stewart, Phil: States News Service

Stinson, Jeffrey: Gannett News Service

Stoddard, A.B.: States News Service

Stoffer, Jr., Harry B: Thomson Newspapers

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg Business News

Stolberg, Sheryl: Los Angeles Times

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Storey, David: Reuters

Stout, David G.: New York Times

Stout, Hilary: Wall Street Journal

Straub, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Strobel, Warren P.: Washington Times

Strong, Thomas J.: Associated Press

Struck, Doug: Washington Post

Stuteville, George: Indianapolis Star-News

Sumikawa, Yuriko: Kyodo News Service

Superville, Darlene E.: Associated Press

Suplec, Curt: Washington Post

Supon, Justin, J.: United Press International

Suzal, Savas: SABAH

Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

Swisher, Lawrence, A.: Northwest Newspapers

Swoboda, Frank: Washington Post

Swope, Christopher: Congressional Quarterly

Szekely, Peter A.: Reuters

Tachimardi, Maria H.: Gazeta Mercantil

Tachio, Ryoji: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Tackett, Michael: Chicago Tribune

Takahata, Akio: Mainichi Shimbun

Talbott, Basil: Chicago Sun-Times

Tang, Xiao: Xinhua News Agency

Tangonan, Shannon L.: USA Today

Tapscott, Richard: Washington Post

Tarallo, Mark: Bridge News

Tatum, Melanie G.: Saudi Press Agency

Taub, Michael G.: New York Times

Tautfest, Peter: Tageszeitung

Taylor, Andrew B.: Congressional Quarterly

Taylor, April: Detroit News

Taylor, Cynthia A.: Boston Globe

Taylor, Jeff A.: Investor's Business Daily

Taylor, Jeffrey: Wall Street Journal

Temman, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Temple-Raston, Dina S.: Bloomberg Business News

Terashima, Manami: Nikkei

Terzian, Philip: Providence Journal-Bulletin

Tetreault, Stephan, R.: Donrey Media Group

Thomas, Eric: Agence France-Presse

Thomas, Helen: United Press International

Thomas, Jacqueline: Detroit News

Thomas, Jennifer S.: Bloomberg Business News

Thomas, Pierre G.: Washington Post

Thomas, Richard: London Guardian

Thomas, Richard G.: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Thomasson, Dan K.: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomma, Steven R.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Thompson, Alan R.: Scripps Howard News Service

Thompson, Jake: Omaha World Herald

Tilman, LeRoy W.: Associated Press

Tilove, Jonathan: Newhouse News Service

Timmons, Suzanne D.: Bridge News

Tisinger, Russ: Congressional Monitor

Tobin, Michael, P.: States News Service

Toedtman, James, S.: Newsday

Tollefson, Chris: Casper Star-Tribune

Tomiyama, Yasushi: Jiji Press

Tomkin, Jennifer: Bloomberg Business News

Tomkins, Richard J.: German Press Agency-DPA

Torry, Jack: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Blade

Torry, Sandra: Washington Post

Toshi, Eiji: Jiji Press

Towell, Pat: Congressional Quarterly

Towle, Michael D.: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Tranfford, Abigail: Washington Post

Trejos, Nancy: Associated Press

Trescott, Jacqueline: Washington Post

Tsai, Paul: Taipei Liberty Times

Tufty, Harold G.: Tufty News Service

Tumulty, Brian J.: Gannett News Service

Turner, Douglas L.: Buffalo News

Twomey, Stephen M.: Washington Post

Tyson, Rae J.: USA Today

Uchijo, Yoshitaka: Kyodo News Service

Unur, Esen: Hurriyet Daily

Usher, Anne K.: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Vaida, Bara: AFX News Service

Valenzuela, Francisco-Javier: El Pais

Van der linden, Frank: United States Press

Vartabedian, Ralph: Los Angeles Times

Vedantam, Shankar: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Velguth, Karen: Mainichi Shimbun

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vieth, Warren: Los Angeles Times

Viollaz, Andre: Agence France-Presse

Vis, Nghi: Vietnam News Agency

Vise, David A.: Washington Post

Vita, Matthew: Cox Newspapers

Vitale, Robert R.: Thomson Newspapers

Vobejda, Barbara: Washington Post

VonDrehle, David J.: Washington Post

Vy, Pham: Vietnam News Agency

Wagman, Robert J.: Newspaper Enterprise Association

Waitz, Nancy H.: Reuters

Wald, Matthew L.: New York Times

Waldmeir, Patti: London Financial Times

[[Page 944]]

Walker, Martin: London Guardian

Walker, Penelope: London Daily Telegraph

Wallack, William: Bridge News

Wallison, Ethan S.: States News Service

Walsh, Edmund C.: Oil Daily

Walsh, Sharon: Washington Post

Walte, Juan J.: USA Today

Walters, Nolan: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Walters, Nolan J.: Columbus Ledger-Enquirer

Walth, Brent: Newhouse News Service

Wamsted, Dennis J.: Energy Daily

Wang, Bill: Central News Agency

Wang, Brice: Taipei Central Daily News

Wang, James C.: Taipei United Daily News

Wang, Yaodong: Shanghai Wen Hui Bao

Ward, David: Bloomberg Business News

Warren, James C.: Chicago Tribune

Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

Wartofsky, Alona: Washington Post

Waters, Donald C.: Associated Press

Watson, Ripley III: Journal of Commerce

Watters, Susan W.: Fairchild News Service

Webb, Ronnie F.: Associated Press

Webb, Thomas J.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Weeks, Linton: Washington Post

Wei, Guoqiang: Xinhua News Agency

Weiner, Rebecca: Education Daily

Weinraub, Mark: Reuters

Weintraub, Lisa: Congressional Monitor

Weiser, Carl: Gannett News Service

Weisman, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Weiss, Clyde: Donrey Media Group

Weiss, Rick: Washington Post

Weisskopf, Michael: Washington Post

Welch, William M.: USA Today

Wells, Rob S.: Associated Press

Wells, Robert M.: Congressional Quarterly

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Marvin L.: Scripps Howard News Service

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westneat, Daniel: Seattle Times

Westphal, David L.: McClatchy Newspapers

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Wheeler, Lawrence R.: Gannett News Service

Whelan, Charles: Agence France-Presse

White, Dina: New York Daily News

White, Gordon E.: Washington Telecommunications

White, Keith P.: CongressDaily

White, Joseph G., Jr.: Associated Press

Whitmire, Richard: Gannett News Service

Whitney, David L.: McClatchy Newspapers

Whittle, Richard: Dallas Morning News

Whickham, DeWayne: Gannett News Service

Wieland, Leo: Frankfurter Allemeine Zeitung

Wiessler, David A.: Reuters

Wiessler, Judy B.: Houston Chronicle

Wigfield, Mark: Ottaway News Service

Wilke, John R.: Wall Street Journal

Wilkinson, Patrick J.: Congressional Quarterly

Willette, Anne: USA Today

Williams, Betty A.: USA Today

Williams, Larry E.: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

Williams, Vanessa D.: Washington Post

Williams, David: Lost Angeles Times

Wilon, Philip C.: Tampa Tribune

Wilson, John: Associated Press

Wilson, Kinsey S.: Congressional Monitor

Wilson, Peter J.: Australian

Wines, Stephen M.: New York Times

Wing, Jennifer: Associated Press

Winkler, Herbert: German Press Agency-DPA

Winter, Martin E.: Frankfurter Rundschau

Wirz, Benoit V.: Asahi Shimbun

Witcover, Jules: Baltimore Sun

Witham, Larry A.: Washington Times

Witte, Brian: Associated Press

Woellert, Lorraine A.: Washington Times

Wolf, Richard J.: USA Today

Wolman, Jonathan P.: Associated Press

Wood, Daivd B.: Newhouse News Service

Wood, Winston S.: Ottaway News Service

Woodlee, Yolanda M.: Washington Post

Woods, Michael: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette/Toledo Blade

Woodward, Bob: Washington Post

Woodward, Calvin: Associated Press

Woodyard, Christopher B.: Houston Chronicle

Woolworth, Irene C.: Bloomberg Business News

Wright, Gregory L.: Bridge News

Wright, Robin: Los Angeles Times

Wroblewski, Tomaz: Zycie Warszawy

Wyatt, Stephen: Australian Financial Review

Wynn, Randy: Thomson Newspapers

Wysocki, Jr., Bernard: Wall Street Journal

Xiangxin, Su: China News Service

Xingfu, Zhu: Shanghai Wen Hui Bao Daily

Xisheng, Zhou: Xinhua News Agency

Yamahiro, Tsuneo: Kyodo News Service

Yamasaki, Shinji: Akahata

Yancey, Mathhew L.: Associated Press

Yang, John E.: Washington Post

Yaodong, Wang: Shanghai Wen Hui Bao

Yeager, Holly: Hearst Newspapers

Yokoyama, Yuji: Sekai Nippo

Yonan, Alan M.: Wall Street Journal

Yonan, Jr.: Alan: Dow Jones News Services

Yoondho, Ra: Seoul Shinmum Daily

Yoshida, Fumikazu: Koydo News Service

Yoshida, Shigeyuki: Koydo News Service

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Young, Al: USA Today

Yuan, Bingzhong: Xinhua News Agency

Yuasa, Hiroshi: Sankei Shimbun

Yunfei, Li: Beijng People's Daily

Zaberko, Deborah: Reuters

[[Page 945]]

Zagaroli, Lisa: Detroit News

Zaidi, S.H. Nayyar: Pakistan Daily Jang & News

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zakotnik, John M.: Health News Daily

Zalewski, Witold T.: Polish Press Agency

Zapor, Patricia J.: Catholic News Service

Zecchini, Laurent: Le Monde

Zeigler, Kristine: Energy Daily

Zhenhau, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, AAron L.: Boston Globe

Zremaski, Jerry: Buffalo News

Zucconi, Vittorio: La Stampa

Zuckerman, Michael J.: USA Today

Zuckman, Jill: Boston Globe

Zufferey, Sergio S.: Shearer and Glen News Enterprise

[[Page 946]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

          NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES--Continued

       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

ABIM NEWS AGENCY--(703) 892-1810; 4107 North 27th Road, Arlington, VA 
22207: Orlando Lyra De Carvalho, Jr., Mario Navarro da Costa.

AFX NEWS SERVICE--(202) 347-3237; 835 National Press Building, 20045: Sarah 
Borchersen-Keto, Gregory A. Robb, Bara Vaida.

ANSA ITALIAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
20045: Cristiano Del Riccio, Margery Friesner, Bruno Marolo, Luigi Mayer, 
Patrizio Nissirio, Alejandro Rodrigo.

AFTENPOSTEN--(202) 785-0658; 2030 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: Ulf Andenaes.

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0585; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, 20005: 
Philippe Alfroy, Diane K. Bartz, Christopher Boian, Xavier Briand, Sybilla 
Brodzinsky, Leon Bruneau, Guy Clavel, Gretchen Cook, Francis Curta, 
Brigitte Dusseau, Christiana Fabiani, Pierre Glachant, Nathaniel Harrison, 
Ursula Hyzy, Sarah Jackson, Oliver Knox, Carole Landry, Michael Langan, 
Pierre Lesourd, Robert Lever, Peter Mackler, James C. Mannion, Virginie 
Montet, Patrick Moser, Isabelle Parenthoen, Jose A. Puertas, Jean-Louis 
Santini, Marie Sanz, Eric Scherer, Veronica Smith, Francis Temman, Eric 
Thomas, Andre Viollaz, Charles Whelan.

AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, 20045: Norio Okada, 
Shinji Yamasaki.

AKRON BEACON JOURNAL--(202) 383-6029; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
William L. Hershey.

AL AHRAM INTERNATIONAL--(202) 737-2121; 1112 National Press Building, 
20045: Atef El-Ghamry.

AL HAYAT--(202) 783-5544; 1185 National Press Building, 20045: Rafic K. 
Maalouf.

ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL--(703) 534-4447, P.O. Box 5627, Arlington, VA 22205: 
Richard Parker.

ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(202) 638-2523; 1333 F Street, Suite 400, 20004: 
Pete Leffler.

AMERICAN BANKER--(202) 347-5529; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, 20005: Dean C. 
Anason, Drew Clark, William McConnell, Barbara A. Rehm, Jaret Seiberg Olaf 
de Senerpont Domis.

ANATOLIA NEWS AGENCY--(301) 718-7966; 4450 South Park Avenue, #1614, Chevy 
Chase, MD 20815: Mehuet K. Cindemir.

ARIZONA REPUBLIC--(202) 662-7264; 1000 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jeffrey N. Barker, Adrianne M. Flynn.

ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
20045: Jane Fullerton, Terry Lemons.

ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, 20045: Ama 
Amoako, Yoichi Funabashi, Benjamin Goldberg, Hiroshi Hoshi, Tsutomu Ishiai, 
Hiroaki Ito, Shigeji Kitajima, Adam Lifshey, Takaaki Mizuno, Michael R. 
Stewart, Benoit V. Wirz.

ASIAN WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9274; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, 20036: 
Eduardo Lachica.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9400; 2021 K Street, 6th Floor, 20006: James R. 
Abrams, Donna Abu-Nasr, Curt L. Anderson, John J. Arnold, Laurie Asseo, 
Jeannine Averse, Jennifer A. Batog, Nancy J. Benac, Timothy K. Bovee, 
Philip Brasher, David Briscoe, Robert Burns, Cassandra R. Burrell, Denise 
Cabrera, Richard Carelli, Janelle Carter, Jean Christensen, Christopher V. 
Connell, Martin S. Crutsinger, John M. Diamond, James P. Drinkard, Harry 
Dunphy, David M. Espo, Jerry R. Estill, Mike Feinsilber, Carole Feldman, 
Ron Fournier, Alan Fram, Robert S. Furlow, Kevin Galvin, George Gedda, 
Marcy G. Gordon, Lee A. Gould, Robert T. Greene, Karen Gullo, Carl Hartman, 
Merrill Hartson, H. Josef Hebert, Earl Hinton, Michael A. Householder, 
Terence Hunt, Anick Jesdanun, Sandy K. Johnson, Richard Keil, Eun K. Kim, 
John C. King, Lawrence L. Knutson, Eugene Kramer, Alice A. Love, James W. 
Luther, William C. Mann, Lawrence N. Margasak, John D. McClain, Dennis 
McClinton, Walter R. Mears, Laura Meckler, David J. Morris, Connie C. 
O'Connell, David H. Pace, Ronald E. Powers, Thomas Raum, Paul Recer, Deb 
Riechmann-Kepler, Katherine M. Rizzo, Melissa B. Robinson, Harry F. 
Rosenthal, Sonya L. Ross, Donald M. Rothberg, James H. Rubin, William H. 
Sautter, Margaret Scherf, Randolph E. Schmid, Barry Schweid, Paul Shepard, 
David W. Skidmore, Carolyn Skorneck, Michael J. Sniffen, Sandra J. 
Sobieraj, John F. Solomon, Scott W. Sonner, Henry Stern, Thomas J. Strong, 
Darlene E. Superville, LeRoy W. Tillman, Nancy Trejos, Donald C. Waters, 
Ronnie F. Webb, Rob S. Wells, Joseph G. White, Jr., John Wilson, Jennifer 
Wing, Brian Witte, Jonathan P. Wolman, Calvin Woodward, Matthew L. Yancey, 
Pete Yost.

AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN--(202) 887-8324; 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, 
#10,000, 20006: Christi Harlan.

AUSTRALIAN--(202) 628-7079; 1040 National Press Building, 20045: Peter J. 
Wilson.

[[Page 947]]

AUSTRALIAN FINANCIAL REVIEW--(202) 639-8084; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue #904, 
20004: Colleen Ryan, Stephen Wyatt.

BALTIMORE SUN--(202) 452-8250; 1627 K Street, Suite 1100, 20006: Susan 
Baer, Thomas Bowman Carl M. Cannon, Lyle W. Denniston, Ellen Gamerman, 
Robert W. Gee, Jack W. Germond, Karen A. Hosler, Frank D. Langfitt, Gilbert 
A. Lewthwaite, Mark H. Matthews, Fred Monyak, John B. O'Donnell, Jr., Paul 
West, Jules Witcover.

BANGLADESH DAILY TELEGRAPH--(301) 681-6360; 11235 Oakleaf Drive, Apt. H-
1020, Silver Spring, MD 20901: Golam Arshad.

BANGOR DAILY NEWS--(202) 397-2566; 1220 Maryland Avenue NE, 20002: John S. 
Day.

BAPTIST NEWS SERVICE--(202) 544-4226; 200 Maryland Avenue NE, 20002: Kenny 
Byrd, Larry Chesser.

BASLER ZEITUNG--(301) 530-7903; 5920 Johnson Avenue, Bethesda, 20817 MD: 
Peter Schibli.

BATON ROUGE MORNING ADVOCATE--(202) 554-0458; 6010 Trailside Drive, 
Springfield, VA 22150: Joan McKinney.

BEIJING PEOPLE'S DAILY--(202) 966-2285; 3706 Massachusetts Avenue, 20016: 
Zhang Liang, Li Yunfei.

BERLINGSKE TIDENDE--(202) 347-1744; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue #506, 20004: 
Flemming Rose.

BIOWORLD TODAY--(202) 289-4798; 1444 I Street, Suite 1000, 20005: Lisa 
Seachrist.

BLOOMBERG BUSINESS NEWS--(202) 624-1800; 228 National Press Building, 
20045: David M. Ahearn, William Arthur, Todd Blecher, Laura Cohn, John R. 
Cranford, Vincent A. Del Giudice, Bob Drummond, Steven J. Dryden, Todd R. 
Eastham, W. Gerald Egger, Thomas M. Ferraro, Monee Fields-White, Marthe 
Fourcade, Charles S. Hawkins, Paul Heldman, Kristin Jensen, Monroe W. 
Karmin, Nora G. Macaluso, Lynne A. Marek, Elizabeth G. McDonald, Michael 
McKee, Robin D. Meszoly, Paul Nyhan, Loretta E. Robinson, Mark Rohner, Neil 
Roland, Roger D. Runningen, Anne Marie Squeo, Greg Stohr, Dina S. Temple-
Raston, Jennifer S. Thomas, Jennifer Tomkins, David Ward, Mark Willen, 
Irene C. Woolworth.

BOMBAY FREE PRESS JOURNAL--(703) 931-9038; 5597 Seminary Road, Suite 2204-
S, Falls Church, VA 22041: Ram A. Singh.

BOND BUYER--(202) 393-1270; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, 20005: Heather J. 
Eurich, Craig T. Ferris, Lynn S. Hume, Joanne Morrison, Amy B. Resnick, 
Michael Stanton.

BOSTON GLOBE--(202) 857-5050; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 20036: 
Christine M. Black, John A. Farrell, Robert T. Hohler, Rosalind Jackler, 
Michael A. Kranish, Mary C. Leonard, David L. Marcus, Brian McGrory, Thomas 
N. Oliphant, Annette R. Ruffner, Ann Scales, David Shribman, Cynthia A. 
Taylor, AAron L. Zitner, Jill Zuckman.

BOSTON HERALD--(202) 638-1796; 988 National Press Building, 20045: Andrew 
L. Miga.

BOVARD NEWS SERVICE--(301) 309-6817; 1345 Templeton Place, Rockville, MD 
20852: James Bovard.

BRIDGE NEWS--(202) 383-6150; 740 National Press Building, 20045: William 
Acworth, Elizabeth J. Alderman, Annie Alexander, Kia Breaux, L. Kareema 
Clark, Richard Cowan, Lori L. Cuthbert, Cristine Denver, Jessica J. Dyson, 
Brian T. Graham, Bruce Harmon, Bill Hieronymus, Edward Kean, Patrick Kelly, 
Catherine Kristiansen, John Lipold, Susan Mandel, Steven K. Marcy, Doug 
Palmer, Blair Pethel, Jon F. Scheid, Avinoam Schneider, Neil Stempleman, 
Mark Tarallo, Suzanne D. Timmons, William Wallack, Gregory L. Wright.

BUFFALO NEWS--(202) 737-3188; 1141 National Press Building, 20045: Douglas 
L. Turner, Jerry Zremski.

CALCUTTA TELEGRAPH--(202) 333-0941; 2225 39th Place, 20007: Sirohi.

CASPER STAR-TRIBUNE--(202) 638-4413; 420 7th Street, #305, 20004: Chris 
Tollefson.

CATHOLIC NEWS SERVICE--(202) 541-3266; 3211 Fourth Street NE, 20017-1100: 
Julie L. Asher, Jerome F. Filteau, Barbara J. Fraze, Nancy J. Hartnagel, 
Nancy F. O'Brien, Mark Pattison, Jennifer E. Reed, Patricia J. Zapor, Carol 
Zimmerman.

CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--(202) 628-2738; 1173 National Press Building, 20045: 
Huang Chen, Edward N. Han, Herman Pan, Bill Wang.

CHARLESTON POST-COURIER--(202) 340-8646; 628 Crocus Drive, Rockville, MD 
20850: Steve Piacente.

CHARLOTTE OBSERVER--(202) 383-6057; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Carol D. Leonning.

CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(202) 393-4340; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue #1312, 20006: 
Brett M. Decker, Lynn Sweet, Basil Talbott.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 637-2030; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 20005: Terry 
Atlas, David Cloud, Mike Dorning, Glen R. Elsasser, Jan C. Greenburg, David 
A. Jackson, Mary Jacoby, Frank E. James III, Carol Jouzaitis, Michael D. 
Kilian, Jean E. McGuinness, Timothy J. McNulty, William R. Neikirk, Michael 
Tackett, Vicki Walton, James C. Warren.

CHINA NEWS SERVICE--(703) 920-6223; 1400 S. Joyce Street, Suite 1519, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Xiangxin Su.

CHINA TIMES--(202) 662-7570; 952 National Press Building, 20045: Norman Fu.

CHOSUN ILBO--(202) 783-4236; 1171 National Press Building, 20045: Chang 
Kyoon Kim,Doosik Park.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(202) 785-4400; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
20006: Lawrence J. Goodrich, Peter Grier, Jonathan S. Landay, Rod MacLeish, 
Warren Richey, Linda Feldmann Roe.

CHUNICHI-TOKYO SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1230 National Press Building, 
20045: Naotumi Kuchiki.

[[Page 948]]

CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 20045: 
Thomas J. Brazaitis, Jo Ellen Corrigan, Thomas K. Diemer, Sabrina Eaton, 
Keith C. Epstein, Elizabeth A. Marchak.

COLUMBIA STATE--(202) 383-6023; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Charles 
Pope.

COLUMBUS DISPATCH--(202) 347-3144; 1152 National Press Building, 20045: 
Roger K. Lowe, Jonathan Riskind.

COLUMBUS LEDGER-ENQUIRER--(202) 383-6045; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Nolan J. Walters.

COMMONS DAILY--(301) 208-6545; 16824 Malibar St, Perwood, MD 20855: Dah-Wey 
Lan.

COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, 20037: Arthur R. 
Brodsky.

CONGRESSDAILY--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, 3rd Floor, 20005: David 
Baumann, Steven D. Cook, Jill Graham, Mary A. Lehman, Tracy McLoone, 
Matthew Morrissey, Bud Newman, Louis M. Peck, Keith P. White.

CONGRESSIONAL INFORMATION BUREAU--(703) 516-4801; 3030 Clarendon Boulevard, 
Suite 202, Arlington, VA 22201: Marc D. Cannistraro, Robert Cazalas, Jeff 
Olnhausen.

CONGRESSIONAL MONITOR--(202) 887-8500; 1414 22nd Street, 20037: Martha 
Angle, Marc R. Birtel, Susan Dillingham, Andrea L. Foster, Russell A. 
Freyman, Lisa L. Gaffney, Keith D. Glover, Robert M. Gravely, Michele 
Hatty, David Hawkings, Will Heyniger, Peter H. King, Larry Liebert, Thomas 
R. Lilleston, Christina Lyons, Philip Marwill, Chuck McCutcheon, Lori 
Nitschke, Brian W. Nutting, Elizabeth Palmer, Jeffrey Plungis, Anthony L. 
Porretta, Amanda Ripley, Josh Rolnick, Richard Sammon, Norberto Santana, 
Jr., Eileen Simpson, Dennis J. Smith, Amy Stern, Russ Tisinger, Lisa 
Weintraub, Kinsey S. Wilson.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 887-8500; 1414 22nd Street, 20037: Paul L. 
Anderson, F.A. Benenson, Dan Carney, Rebecca Carr, Donna Cassata, Mike 
Christensen, Charles E. Conlon, Rhodes Cook, Carroll Doherty, Philip D. 
Duncan, Ronald Elving, Bonnie L. Forrest, Colette Fraley, Allan Freedman, 
Steve Gettinger, Gregory L. Giroux, Alan Greenblatt, Juliana Gruenwald, 
Rose Gutfeld, George Hager, Heather A. Hope, David Hosansky, Jeffrey L. 
Katz, Melissa W. Kaye, Jaculine M. Koszczuk, Christine C. Lawrence, Deborah 
McGregor, Robert Merry, Elana Mintz, Joseph P. Nyitray, Alissa J. Rubin, 
Jody Rupprecht, Micaele Sparacino, Christopher Swope, Andrew B. Taylor, 
Robert Tomkin, Pat Towell, Jonathan Weisman, Robert M. Wells, Patrick J. 
Wilkinson.

CONNECTICUT POST--(703) 628-2157; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue #524, 20004: 
Lolita Baldor.

COPLEY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 737-6960; 1100 National Press Building, 20045: 
Amy Bayer, George E. Condon, Jr., Robert Estill, Stephen J. Green, Otto 
Kreisher, Finlay Lewis, Dori Meinert, Benjamin Shore, Marcus A. Stern.

CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(202) 879-6733; 450 National Press Building, 20045: 
Ennio Caretto.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 887-8334; 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue #10,000, 20006: 
Andrew Alexander, Susan Burns, Ricky A. Christie, Arthur R. Dalglish, 
Robert E. Dart, Robert E. Deans, Jr., Andrew J. Glass, Elliot Jaspin, Nancy 
Kliewer, Julia Malone, Andrew R. Mollison, Jeff H. Nesmith, Tom Price, 
Scott Shepard, Matthew Vita.

CREATORS SYNDICATE--(202) 223-1196; 500 23rd Street, 20037: Ralph De 
Toledano; 662-1255; 1009 National Press Building, 20045: Mark Shields; 
(301) 365-336; 7027 Natelli Woods Lane, Bethesda, MD 20817: Roger Simon.

CUMHURIYET DAILY--(703) 931-6701; 3311 Wyndham Circle, #3200, Alexandria, 
VA 22302: Fuat Kozluklu.

DAGENS NYHETER--(202) 429-0134; 1726 M Street, 20036: Kurt Malarstedt.

DAILY OKLAHOMAN--(202) 662-7543; 914 National Press Building, 20045: Chris 
Casteel, Allan W. Cromley, Mark D. Green.

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(202) 661-8421; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 20005: 
Catalina Camia, Robert Dodge, Susan Feeney, G. Robert Hillman, David M. 
Jackson, David LaGesse, James M. Landers, Carl P. Leubsdorf, Katherine 
Lewis, George P. Rodrigue, III, Richard Whittle.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS--(202) 887-8328; 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, #10000, 20006: 
Scott Montgomery.

DE VOLKSKRANT--(301) 469-6153; 8209 Beech Tree Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Oscar G. Garschagen.

DEEP DIXIE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 488-5309; 15 3rd Street NE, #4, 20002: 
Virginia D. Robicheaux.

DEFENSE DAILY--(703) 522-5655; 1111 N. 19th Street, Suite 503, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Bryan D. Bender, Thomas Breem, Greg A. Caires, Sheila Foote, Vago 
Muradian, John A. Robinson.

DENVER POST--(202) 662-8990; 1270 National Press Building, 20045: Adriel 
Bettelheim, Jennifer Gavin.

DER BUND--(301) 229-1570; 7502 Arden Road, Cabin John, MD 20818: Dieter E. 
Arnold.

DER TAGESSPEIGEL--(202) 234-2168; 1656-B Euclid Street, 20009: Robert von 
Rimscha.

DES MOINES REGISTER--(703) 907-5002; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th Floor, 
Arlington, VA 22229: George P. Anthan, Donald W. Kaul, Jane M. Norman, 
Rosemary D. Petersen, Kenneth W. Pins.

DESERET NEWS--(202) 737-5311; 1061 National Press Building, 20045: Lee 
Davidson.

DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 383-6053; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Janet L. Fix, Lori A. Montgomery.

DETROIT NEWS--(202) 662-7378; 1148 National Press Building, 20045: Larry 
Bivins, Noelle Knox, Deborah J. Price, Richard A. Ryan, Carol Stevens, 
April Taylor, Jacqueline Thomas, Lisa Zagaroli.

DIE PRESSE--(202) 986-7032; 1703 Seaton Street,20009: Monica A. Riedler.

[[Page 949]]

DIE WELT--(301) 983-4177; 11148 Powderhorn Drive, Potomac, MD 20854: Gerd 
Brueggemann, Dr. Manfred Rowold .

DONG-A ILBO--(202) 347-4907; 974 National Press Building, 20045: Euntaek 
Hong, Jae-Ho Lee.

DONREY MEDIA GROUP--(202) 783-1760; 937 National Press Building, 20045: 
Tony Batt, Christine M. Dorsey, Stephan R. Tetreault, Clyde Weiss.

DOW JONES NEWS SERVICES--(202) 862-9273; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
800, 20036: Mark Anderson, Kim Archer, Paul M. Beckett, Judith Burns, John 
Connor, Jennifer Corbett, Thomas W. Doggett, Jr., Carl A. Johnston, Nancy 
Keates, Alex A. Keto, Deborah L. Klosky, Laurie Lande, Fowler W. Martin, 
Kim S. Martin, William Murray, William Pesek, Jr., Scott Ritter, Alan 
Yonan, Jr.

EFE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 745-7692; 1252 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maria L. Azpiazu, Rafael Canas, Rosendo Majano, Carlos Martos, Delia A. 
Millan, Elena Moreno, Rafael Moreno, Fernando Pajares, Francisco Roque, 
Emilio Sanchez.

EASTON STAR DEMOCRAT--(301) 843-9600; 7 Industrial Park Drive, Waldorf, MD 
20602: Andrew J. Scott.

EDUCATION DAILY--(703) 739-6494; 1101 King Street, Suite 444, Alexandria, 
VA 22313-2053: Dave Boyer, William J. Cahir, Matt Dembicki, V. Casey 
Gonzalez, David Harrison, Laureen Lazarovici, Annette Licitra, Regina 
Lightfoot-Clark, Amy B. Miller, Rebecca Weiner.

EL FINANCIERO--(703) 707-0236; 2300 Darius Lane, Reston VA 20191: Dolia 
Estevez.

EL GRAFICO DAILY NEWS--(703) 360-2997; 8907 Battery Road, Alexandria, VA 
22308: Cesar A. Orantes.

EL NORTE & REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1265 National Press Building, 20045: 
Maria I. Gonzalez.

EL PAIS--(202) 638-1533; 1134 National Press Building, 20045: Renwick 
McLean, Francisco-Javier Valenzuela.

EL TIEMPO--(202) 265-0493; 2828 Connecticut Avenue, #508, 20008: Andres 
Cavelier, Marcela Sanchez.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 966-1024; 4293 Embassy Park Drive, 20016: Everett 
Bauman, Jose Carreno.

EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 662-7190; 801 National Press Building20045:Jose 
Carreno-Figueras.

ENERGY DAILY--(202) 638-4260; 627 National Press Building, 20045: Llewellyn 
King, George Lobsenz, Pamela B. Newman-Barnett, Mary O'Driscoll, Dennis J. 
Wamsted, Kristine Zeigler.

EVENIMENTUL ZILEI--(202) 965-7732; 2201 Wisconsin Avenue, #520, 20007: 
Sorin G. Pasarin, Bianca Popescu.

FAIRCHILD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 639-6900; 601 13th Street, Suite 520 South, 
20005: Joyce Barrett, Jim Ostroff, Jennifer Owens, Joanna Ramey, Susan W. 
Watters.

FORT LAUDERDALE SUN-SENTINEL--(202) 824-8256; 1325 G Street, 20005: William 
Gibson, Jill Y. Miller.

FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM--(202) 466-3121; 1705 DeSales Street, 20036: Ron 
M. Hutcheson, Maria E. Recio, Michael D. Towle.

FRANKFURTER ALLGEMEINE ZEITUNG--(202) 662-7255; 1093 National Press 
Building, 20045: Carola Kaps, Leo Wieland.

FRANKFURTER RUNDSCHAU--(202) 265-7240; 1624 19th Street NE, Apt. 301, 
20009: Martin E. Winter.

FRANKLIN NEWS FEATURES--(703) 532-1657; 2320 Great Falls Street, Falls 
Church, VA 22046: Mary Beth Franklin.

FREDERICKSBURG FREE LANCE-STAR--(703) 680-5032; 16007 Laconia Circle, 
Woodbridge, VA 22191: Lucia Anderson.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 276-5800; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 
22229: Judith B. Austin, Paul C. Barton, Penny Bender, Norm Brewer, Pamela 
A. Brogan, Dennis Camire, Ronald E. Cohen, Deborah M. Colaianni, Christina 
W. Collins, Hollis L. Engley, Ellyn Ferguson, Jon Frandsen, James R. 
Golden, John M. Hanchette, Desiree F. Hicks, David Judson, Deborah Kalb, 
Lisa F. Kaplan, Erin V. Kelly, John W. Machacek, Marie Marino, Elizabeth 
Neus, John J. Omicinski, Frank A. Pompa, Claude Philip Pruitt, Charles 
Raasch, Robert Ritter, Fredreka Schouten, Craig Schwed, Jim Specht, Kirk B. 
Spitzer, Jeffrey Stinson, Brian J. Tumulty, Carl Weiser, Lawrence R. 
Wheeler, Richard Whitmire, DeWayne Wickham.

GAS DAILY--(703) 816-8628; 1616 North Fort Myer Drive, #1000, Arlington, VA 
22209: Damien J. Gaul, Mark Hand, Bashaan Prewitt, Jeffrey S. Pruzan.

GAZETA MERCANTIL--(202) 518-3386; 3133 Connecticut Avenue, #1025, 20008: 
Maria H. Tachinardi.

GAZETA WYBORCZA--(301) 279-9427; 6003 Coral Sea Avenue, Rockville, MD 
20851-1722: Jacek M. Kalabinski.

GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 783-5097; 969 National Press Building, 
20045: James P. Anderson, Hanns-Jochen Kaffsack, Thomas Maier, David T. 
McIntyre, Richard J. Tomkins, Herbert Winkler, Agostino della Porta.

GESTION--(301) 279-9109; P.O. Box 1887, Rockville, MD 20849-1887: Vladimir 
Kocerha.

GLASGOW HERALD--(202) 293-4729; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, 20036: Patrick 
Brogan.

GLOBAL HORIZONS SYNDICATE--(202) 659-1921; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, 
20036: Edward Flattau.

[[Page 950]]

GRIFFIN-LARRABEE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 554-3579; 2404 Davis Avenue, 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Betty Mills.

GUANGMING DAILY--(202) 363-0628; 4816 Butterworth Place, 20016: Fengyi Gao.

HAN-KYOREH SHINMUN--(202) 638-2141; 1259 National Press Building, 20045: 
Yun J. Jung.

HANDELSBLATT--(202) 965-0563; 3206 Q Street, 20007: Viola H. Drath.

HANKOOK ILBO--(202) 783-2674; 961 National Press Building, 20045: Jae M. 
Shin.

HARTE-HANKS NEWSPAPERS--(202) 628-1585; 958 National Press Building, 20045: 
William K. Garland.

HARTFORD COURANT--(202) 822-8040; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, Suite 300, 
20036: Rene E. Brown, David Lightman, John A. MacDonald, Michael A. Remez.

HEALTH NEWS DAILY--(301) 657-9830; 5550 Friendship Boulevard, Suite 1, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: Nellie O. Bristol, Sean E. Martin, Anne Montgomery, 
Denise Peterson, Anne Petruska, John M. Zakotnik.

HEARST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 610, 
20006: Dan Freedman, Christopher Hanson, Katie Harrison, Judy Holland, 
Wendy Koch, Charles J. Lewis, Susanna McBee, Marianne Means, Stewart M. 
Powell, Eric M. Rosenberg.

HINDU--(301) 654-9038; 4701 Willard Avenue, Suite 1531, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Sridhar Krishnaswami.

HINDUSTAN TIMES--(703) 931-9038; 5597 Seminary Road, #2204-S, Falls Church, 
VA 22041: Nambalat C. Menon.

HOKKAIDO SHIMBUN--(202) 783-6033; 1232 National Press Building, 20045: 
Takao Onishi, Shinichiro Sakikawa.

HONG KONG STANDARD--(301) 942-2442; P.O. Box 571, Garrett Park, MD 20896: 
Charles A. Snyder.

HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(202) 393-6880; 1341 G Street, Suite 201, 20005: William 
E. Clayton, Jr., Cragg Hines, Nancy Mathis, Greg McDonald, Bennett Roth, 
Judy B. Wiessler, Christopher B. Woodyard.

HUNGARIAN NEWS AGENCY--(301) 565-2221; 8515 Farrell Drive, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Peter Racz.

HURRIYET DAILY--(703) 526-9829; 1530 N. Key Boulevard, #726, Arlington, 
VA22209: Esen Unur.

IL MATTINO--(202) 338-4226; 4609 Foxhall Crescent, 20007: Mariuccia 
Chiantaretto.

IL SOLE 24 ORE--(202) 639-9251; 1285 National Press Building, 20045: Mario 
Calvo-Platero.

INDEPENDENT NEWSPAPERS OF SOUTH AFRICA--(202) 662-8722; 960-C National 
Press Building, 20045: Rich Mkhondo.

INDIANAPOLIS STAR-NEWS--(202) 662-7261; 1000 National Press Building, 
20045: David L. Haase, George Stuteville.

INTER PRESS SERVICE--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 20045: 
Abid H. Aslam, Yvette J. Collymore, James P. Lobe.

INTERCONTINENTAL MEDIA SERVICE--(703) 430-1765; 46713 Flicker, Terrace, 
Sterling, VA 20164: Leo F. Scanlon.

INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE--(202) 334-7418; 1150 15th Street, 20071: 
Brian B. Knowlton.

INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(202) 737-2850; 1317 F Street, Suite 930, 20004: 
Adrienne Fox, Carl F. Horowitz, Sherry K. Kuczynski-Delaney, Laura M. 
Litvan, Claude R. Marx, John W. Merline, Daniel J. Murphy, David A. Price, 
Jeff A. Taylor.

IRISH TIMES--(301) 320-2308; 6221 Redwing Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: Joe 
Carroll.

ITAR-TASS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 20045: 
Igor Borisenko, Vladimir I. Kikilo, Ivan Lebedev, Arseny Mironov, Andrei K. 
Sitov.

JAWA POS DAILY--(703) 528-6530; 307 North George Mason Drive, #4, 
Arlington, VA 22203: Irawan Nugroho.

JERUSALEM POST--(703) 573-6031; 2813 Lee Oaks Court, #204, Falls Church, VA 
22046: Hillel Kuttler.

JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(202) 737-0935; 1025 Vermont Avenue, Suite 1140, 
20005: Matthew Dorf, Daniel Kurtzman.

JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, 20045: Christopher 
Arnold, Kiyotaka Kato, Hideaki Matsuda, Shinichiro Muraoka, Kenro Nagoshi, 
Yasushi Tomiyama, Eiji Toshi.

JOONG-ANG ILBO--(202) 347-4006; 416 National Press Building, 20045: Jeong-
Woo Kil.

JORNAL DO BRASIL--(301) 320-5296; 5302 Albemarle Street, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Maria F. Sekles.

JOURNAL OF COMMERCE--(202) 383-6111; 740 National Press Building, 20045: 
Leo F. Abruzzese, Thomas J. Connors, Aviva Freudmann, Michele Kayal, 
Richard Lawrence, John J. Maggs, Stephanie Nall, William L. Roberts, III, 
Milan Ruzicka, Timothy J. Sansbury, Timothy S. Shorrock, Ripley Watson, 
III.

KANSAS CITY STAR--(202) 393-2020; 1163 National Press Building, 20045: 
David Goldstein, James L. Kuhnhenn.

KIPLING NEWS SERVICE--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906-3873: Bogdan Kipling.

KNIGHT-RIDDER NEWSPAPERS--(202) 383-6030; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Elisa C. Arnett, Gary L. Blonston, Robert 
J. Boyd, Mary Angela Cannon, James R. Carroll, Kathleen Carroll, Derrick K. 
Depledge, Heather J. Dewar, Aaron B. Epstein, Thomas P. Farragher,

[[Page 951]]

Robert S. Geiger, Joshua F. Goldstein, Charles A. Green, Frank J. Greve, 
David W. Hess, Rachel Jones, Christopher Marquis, Rory O'Connor, Mary C. 
Otto, Robert A. Rankin, Tracy A. Reeves, Michael E. Ruane, Brigid Schulte, 
Judith A. Serrin, Peter Slevin, Steven R. Thomma, Shankar Vedantam, Nolan 
Walters, Thomas J. Webb, Larry E. Williams.

KUWAIT NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 20045: 
Faisal Alzaid, James C. Flanigan.

KWANGJU ILBO DAILY NEWS--(202) 638-1628; 1115 National Press Building, 
20045: Huney Kong.

KYODO NEWS SERVICE--(202) 367-5767; 400 National Press Building, 20045: 
Toshiaki Anzai, Paul E. Flatin, Yasushi Fujii, Hiroshi Matsumoto, Kohei 
Murayama, Toshiharu Nagai, Yuji Nakaya, Hiroshi Oshima, Jung R. Pyun, 
Yuriko Sumikawa, Yoshitaka Uchijo, Tsuneo Yamahiro, Fumikazu Yoshida, 
Shigeyuki Yoshida.

KYUNGHYANG SHINMUN--(202) 737-3459; 839 National Press Building, 20045: In-
Kyu Park.

L'ORIENT - LE JOUR--(202) 342-1213; 1045 31st Street, Apt. 304, 20007: 
Wafik Ramadan.

LA JORNADA--(202) 547-5852; 132 N. Carolina Avenue, SE, 20003: David 
Brooks, James Cason.

LA NACION--(202) 628-7907; 901 National Press Building, 20045: Jorge Elias.

LA NAZIONE--(202) 367-0245; 916 National Press Building, 20045: Cesare De 
Carlo.

LA OPINION--(202) 662-1240; 962 National Press Building, 20045: Maribel 
Hastings.

LA STAMPA--(202) 347-5233; 916 National Press Building, 20045: Paolo 
Passarini, Vittorio Zucconi, Andrea di Robilant.

LA TRIBUNA--(202) 737-5349; 960-A National Press Building, 20045: Jacobo 
Goldstein.

LA TRIBUNE DESFOSSES--(202) 862-6613; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
20036: J.M. Macabrey.

LA VANGUARDIA--(301) 229-1695; 6812 Algonquin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Xavier Mas.

LAHONTAN VALLEY NEWS--(301) 951-9590; 5500 Park Street, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: David C. Henley.

LE FIGARO--(202) 342-3199; 1228 30th Street, 20007: Jean-Jacques Mevel.

LE MAURICIEN--(301) 424-3884; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

LE MONDE--(301) 986-8606; 6012 Kenndey Drive, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Laurent Zecchini.

LE SOIR--(202) 333-4119; 1226 28th Street, 20007: Nathalie Mattheiem.

LEGI-SLATE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 898-3022; 777 North Capitol Street, 
Suite900, 20002: Amy K. Branson, Bill L. Grant, Katherine E. Harris, Sara 
Hebel, Anna B. Hebner, Stephen J. Norton, Margaret Peterson, Miles A. 
Pomper, Justin Pritchard, Richard J. Rothacker, David T. Safford, Nancy J. 
Schwerzleer.Richard Sia.

LLOYD'S LONDON PRESS--(703) 812-8120; P.O. Box 3696, Arlington, VA 22203: 
Joel A. Glass.

LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5195; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 
904, 20004: Hugh Davies, Hugo Gurdon, Penelope Walker.

LONDON EVENING STANDARD--(301) 270-1022; 8 Jefferson Avenue, Takoma Park, 
MD 20912: E. Lauren Chambliss.

LONDON FINANCIAL TIMES--(202) 289-5474; 1225 I Street, #810, 20005: Gerard 
Baker, Bruce Clark, Nancy Dunne, Jurek Martin, Nancy S. McCord, Patti 
Waldmeir.

LONDON GUARDIAN--(202) 223-2486; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, #502, 20036: 
Richard Thomas, Martin Walker.

LONDON INDEPENDENT--(202) 467-4460; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, 20036: John 
Carlin.

LONDON SUNDAY TELEGRAPH--(202) 393-5195; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20004: Ivo Dawnay, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard.

LONDON TIMES--(202) 347-7659; 1040 National Press Building, 20045: Ian 
Brodie, Martin A. Fletcher, Tom Rhodes.

LOS ANGELES DAILY JOURNAL--(202) 484-8255; 1128 National Press Building 
20045: David F. Pike, Daniel Shaw.

LOS ANGELES TIMES--(202) 293-4650; 1875 I Street, Suite 1100, 20006: James 
Bornemeier, Ronald Brownstein, Glenn F. Bunting, Edwin Chen, Marlene 
Cimons, Steve Clark, Richard Cooper, Nina J. Easton, Faye Fiore, D'Jamila 
S. Fitzgerald, Don Frederick, Sara Fritz, Sam Fulwood III, James R. 
Gerstenzang, Joel Havemann, Melissa Healy, Drex Heikes, Janet Hook, Robert 
L. Jackson, Norman Kempster, Marc Lacey, David Lamb, James H. Mann, Tyler 
Marshall, Gebe Martinez, Thomas McCarthy, Doyle McManus, Stanley Meisler, 
Alan C. Miller, Jack Nelson, Ronald J. Ostrow, Jonathan Peterson, Art Pine, 
Paul Richter, James E. Risen, James Robinson, Robert Rosenblatt, Phillip 
Ruiz, David G. Savage, Richard A. Serrano, Jube Shiver, Jr., Robert Shogan, 
Elizabeth Shogren, Sheryl Stolberg, Ralph Vartabedian, Warren Vieth, David 
Willman, Robin Wright.

LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL--(703) 276-5423; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, 10th 
Floor, Arlington, VA 22229: Michael H. Brown.

LYNCH NEWS SERVICE--(202) 488-7943; 7516 Marbury Road, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
David E. Lynch.

MACEDONIA NEWS AGENCY--(202) 388-0355; 2211 R Street, 20008: Lampros 
Papandoniou.

MAEIL KYUNGJI DAILY--(202) 637-3258; 909 National Press Building, 20045: 
Dae-Ho Kim.

MAGYAR NEMZET--(301) 986-5516; 4515 Willard Avenue, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Miklos Blaho.

MAGYAR SZO--(202) 797-6188; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, #207, 20036: Tibor 
Purger.

[[Page 952]]

MAINICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, 20045: 
Toshiro Hara, Yoshiaki Ito, Mark Judson, Masato Kishimoto, Shiro Segawa, 
Akio Takahata, Karen Velguth.

MALAYSIAN NEWS AGENCY--(703) 356-2087; 7700 Tremayne Place, #307, McLean, 
VA 22102: Salmy M. Hashim.

MARKET NEWS SERVICE--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 20045: 
Steven K. Beckner, Ronald Cordray, Denny Gulino, Joseph E. Plocek, Robert 
G. Robinson, Jr., Heather Scott, John T. Shaw, David M. Sherrell.

MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS--(202) 393-2228; 624 National Press Building, 20045: 
Les Blumenthal, Muriel Dobbin, Michael Doyle, Mary Johnson-Settles, 
Lawrence M. O'Rourke, Leo Rennert, James M. Rosen, Herbert A. Sample, David 
L. Westphal, David L. Whitney.

MCCLENDON NEWS SERVICE--(202) 483-3791; 3133 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 215, 
20008: David M. MacDonald, Sarah McClendon.

MEDIA GENERAL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-7664; 1214 National Press Building, 
20045: John N. Hall, Mark Johnson, Gilbert F. Klein, Robert E. Marlowe, 
Marsha D. Mercer, Sharon Murray.

MEDILL NEWS SERVICE--(202) 662-1801; 1325 G Street, Suite 730, 20005: Mary 
Ellen Shearer, Frank Starr.

MIAMI HERALD--(202) 383-6054; 700 National Press Building, 20045: Carol 
Rosenberg.

MILITARY UPDATE--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 1230, Centreville, VA 20122: 
Thomas R. Philpott.

MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
20045: Frank A. Aukofer, Craig Gilbert.

MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 457-5171; 1627 I Street, Suite 800, 20006: 
Leonor A. Briscoe, Gregory Gordon, Carol B. Hall, Tom Hamburger, Sharon 
Schmickle.

MONBERG NEWS SERVICE--(202) 546-1350; 123 6th Street, SE, 20003: Helene C. 
Monberg.

MOSCOW BUSINESS WORLD--(703) 931-4482; 4500 S. Four Mile Run Drive, #213, 
Arlington, VA 22204: Serge P. Duhanov.

MUNIFACTS NEWS WIRE--(202) 347-4184; 1325 F Street, Suite 900, 20005: 
Jonathan Nicholson, Dean J. Patterson.

NRC HANDELSBLAD--(202) 363-6944; 4219 Chesapeake Street, 20016: Juurd 
Eijsvoogel.

NACHRICHTEN FUER AUSSENHANDEL--(202) 662-7415; 412 National Press Building, 
20045: Rainer S. Lindberg, Harald Meyer.

NATIONAL MEDIA OF SOUTH AFRICA--(202) 638-0399; 1263 National Press 
Building, 20045: Holzapfel J. Arnold.

NEUE ZURCHER ZEITUNG--(202) 298-7906; 3007 P Street, 20007: Andreas Cleis.

NEW AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 362-8471; 3608 Van Newss Street, 20008: 
Eileen Shanahan.

NEW DELHI BUSINESS & OBSERVER--(301) 384-1297; 13106 Collingwood Terrace, 
Silver Spring, MD 20904: Vinod Ghildiyal.

NEW DELHI BUSINESS STANDARD--(202) 833-4505; 1255 New Hampshire Avenue, 
#713, 20036: Sujatha Shenoy.

NEW DELHI VIEWS AND NEWS AGENCY--(202) 452-1462; 1255 New Hampshire Avenue, 
Apt. 630, 20036: Ludwina A. Joseph.

NEW ORLEANS TIMES-PICAYUNE--(202) 383-7861; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, 20036: Bruce S. Alpert, John G. McQuaid, Edgar Poe.

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(202) 467-6670; 1615 M Street, Suite 720, 20036: Karen 
Ball, Thomas M. DeFrank, William Goldschlag, Lars-Erik Nelson, Steven 
Roberts, Richard P. Sisk, Dina White.

NEW YORK POST--(202) 393-1787; 1114 National Press Building, 20045: Karen 
Foerstel, Thomas Galvin, Deborah Orin, Marilyn Rauber.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0310; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, 20006: R.W. 
Apple, Jr., Von Aulston, Janet Battaile, James Bennet, Richard L. Berke, 
David Binder, Monica C. Borkowski, Jane B. Bornemeier, Elizabeth A. 
Boswell, Jeanne K. Brennan, Sarah S. Chung, Francis X. Clines, Adam Clymer, 
John H. Cushman, Jr., Jason DeParle, Karen E. DeWitt, Maureen Dowd, Steven 
Erlanger, Jane F. Fritsch, Jeff Gerth, Jerry Gray, Kevin M. Gray, Linda J. 
Greenhouse, Robert D. Hershey, Jr., Steven Holmes, Ferne M. Horner, Michael 
Janofsky, David Johnston, Gregory W. Jordan, Stephen Labaton, Warren E. 
Leary, Michael Lewis, Neil A. Lewis, Sean M. Loughlin, Andrew McDonald, 
Clifton E. Meadows, Alison Mitchell, Irvin D. Molotsky, Steven L. Myers, 
Robert L. Pear, Todd S. Purdum, David E. Rosenbaum, William Safire, David 
E. Sanger, Eric Schmitt, Elaine Sciolino, Katharine Q. Seelye, Philip 
Shenon, Ronald Skarzenski, Richard W. Stevenson, David G. Stout, Michael G. 
Taub, Matthew L. Wald, Michael Wines.

NEW YORK TIMES REGIONAL NEWSPAPERS--(202) 862-0381; 1627 I Street, Suite 
700, 20006: Carl Hulse, Marlo Roache.

NEWHOUSE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 463-8777; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
20036: David E. Anderson, Adelle Banks, Miles R. Benson, R. Michael Brumas, 
Constance Casey, Robert Cohen, Brett Davis, Robert Gavin, Joseph T. 
Hallinan, Michael J. Hardy, Sam L. Hodges, Deborah Howell, Sarah M. 
Kellogg, Terence J. Kivlan, Kim A. Lawton, Brett Lieberman, Julia Lieblich, 
Michael J. Magner, JoAnn Moriarty, Jim Nesbitt, J. Scott Orr, Michael J. 
Paquette, Ira Rifkin, Delia M. Rios, Jonathan Tilove, Brent Walth, David B. 
Wood.

[[Page 953]]

NEWPORT NEWS DAILY PRESS--(202) 824-8224; 1615 L Street, Suite 300, 20036: 
Robert J. Kemper.

NEWS GROUP PUBLICATIONS--(301) 762-5610; 625 Smallwood Road, Rockville, MD 
20850: Norma Langley.

NEWSDAY--(202) 626-8466; 1730 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 850, 20006: Susan 
Benkelman, Marie Cocco, William G. Douglas, Kenneth Fireman, Roy W. Gutman, 
Martin Kasindorf, Glenn Kessler, Earl Lane, James P. Pinkerton, Elaine S. 
Povich, Patrick J. Sloyan, James S. Toedtman.

NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE ASSOCIATION--(301) 365-1999; 1899 L Street, Suite 
1200, 20005: Angela E. Lauria, Robert J. Wagman.

NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 636 National Press Building, 20045: Christina 
Bilski, Ryosuke Harada, Stephen R. Keefe, Hirotsugu Koike, Tetsu Machida, 
Akihiko Miyamoto, Masaaki Muramatsu, Hitoshi Omae, Yasuhiko Ota, Manami 
Terashima.

NISHI-NIPPON SHIMBUN--(202) 393-5812; 1226 National Press Building, 20045: 
Tamio Shibuta.

NORTHWEST NEWSPAPERS--(202) 546-2547; 316 3rd Street, NE, 20002: Lawrence 
A. Swisher.

NORWEGIAN NEWS AGENCY--(301) 229-4500; 5315 Westpath Way, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Helge Ogrim.

NOTIMEX MEXICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 347-5227; 425 National Press Building, 
20045: Ignacio Basauri, Horacio C. Chavez Lopez, Jesus P. Esquivel, Jose 
Lopez.

O ESTADO DE S. PAULO--(202) 682-3752; 1225 I Street, Suite 810, 20005: 
Paulo Sotero.

OIL DAILY--(202) 662-0710; 1401 New York Avenue, Suite 500, 20005: David 
Abramson, Chris Baltimore, Alan Kovski, Kimberley A. Music.

OLIPHANT NEWS SERVICE--(202) 298-7226; P.O. Box 9808, Friendship Station, 
20016: Cortright W. Oliphant, John L. Oliphant, Robert C. Oliphant.

OMAHA WORLD-HERALD--(202) 662-7270; 841 National Press Building, 20045: 
David C. Beeder.

ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER--(202) 628-6381; 1295 National Press Building, 
20045: Dena Bunis, Dina ElBoghdady.

OREGONIAN--(202) 383-7800; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 20036: James 
O. Barnett.

ORLANDO SENTINEL--(202) 824-8299; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 20005: Sean M. 
Holton, Tamara Lytle.

OTTAWAY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 828-3390; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 310, 
20036: Marilyn Bailey, Polly B. Elliott, Robb Frederick, Wendy P. Jones, 
Judith M. Mathewson, Kevin P. McCaney, Michael Mello, William F. Schmick, 
Mark Wigfield, Winston S. Wood.

PAKISTAN DAILY JANG & NEWS--(202) 643-1668; 12776 Captains Cove, 
Woodbridge, VA 22192: S.H.Nayyar Zaidi.

PALM BEACH POST--(202) 887-8340; 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, 20006: Laurence 
M. Lipman.

PHILADELPHIA DAILY NEWS--(202) 383-6062; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: Ernest S. Grady.

PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(202) 383-6051; 700 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jodi A. Enda, Steven L. Goldstein.

PHILLIPS NEWS SERVICE--(202) 783-2790; 1333 F Street, Suite 400, 20004: 
Peter D. Pichaske.

PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE/TOLEDO BLADE--(202) 662-7070; 955 National Press 
Building, 20045: Patricia K. Griffith, Judy Packer-Tursman, Jack Torry, 
Michael Woods.

PLATT'S OILGRAM NEWS--(202) 383-2250; 1200 G Street, Suite 1100, 20005: 
Gerald Karey, Maureen S. Lorenzetti.

POLISH PRESS AGENCY--(202) 879-6780; 821 National Press Building, 20045: 
Witold T. Zalewski.

PORTLAND PRESS HERALD--(202) 488-1119; 2716 North Wyoming Street, 
Arlington, VA 22213: Stephen W. Campbell.

PRESS TRUST OF INDIA--(301) 951-8657; 4450 South Park Avenue, #1719, Chevy 
Chase, MD 20815: T.V. Parasuram.

PROVIDENCE JOURNAL-BULLETIN--(202) 783-0833; 400 North Capitol Street, 
Suite 890, 20001: John E. Mulligan, Philip Terzian.

PUSAN DAILY NEWS--(202) 347-8816; 905 National Press Building, 20045: Jong 
H. Kim.

RIA NOVOSTI--(301) 657-8256; 4701 Willard Avenue, #410, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Arkadiy Orlov.

REUTERS--(202) 898-8300; 1333 H Street, Suite 410, 20005: Charles J. 
Abbott, Charles Aldinger, Victoria L. Allen, Peter Bate, Melissa R. Bland, 
Caren Bohan, Karen J. Cohen, Leila M. Corcoran, Susan J. Cornwell, James 
Dalgleish, Timothy H. Dobbyn, Will Dunham, Audrey A. Earnhart, Alan Elsner, 
Edward Evans, Roger O. Fillion, Jacqueline Frank, Richard Garcia, Carol A. 
Giacomo, Gene Gibbons, Steven H. Ginsburg, Peter Golkin, Barbara 
Hagenbaugh, Richard Hoskins, Stacey A. Joyce, Stephen A. Jukes, Joanne 
Kelley, Joanne Kenen, Suzanne Kirchhoff, David A. Lawsky, Greg McCune, 
Laurence McQuillan, Richard M. Miller, Arshad A. Mohammed, Joseph Montoya, 
Barbara Novovitch, Sonali J. Paul, Aaron Pressman, Peter A. Ramjug, Robert 
R. Ramos, Lisa Richwine, Timothy F. Ryan, William F. Scally, Cameron Shaw, 
Donna M. Smith, Glenn F. Somerville, Vicky J. Stamas, David Storey, Peter 
A. Szekely, James Vicini, Nancy H. Waitz, Mark Weinraub, David A. Wiessler, 
Deborah Zabareko, Tabassum Zakaria.

RHEINISCHE POST--(301) 251-2367; 1979 Lancashire Drive, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Peter Rzeznitzeck.

RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH--(202) 662-7669; 1214 National Press Building, 
20045: Peter Hardin, Charles R. McDowell.

[[Page 954]]

ROLL CALL REPORT SYNDICATE--(202) 737-1888; 1257-B National Press Building, 
20045: Cora R. Hoopes, David K. Martin, Richard G. Thomas.

SABAH--(703) 764-1443; 5432 Midship Court, Burke, VA 22015: Savas Suzal.

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS--(202) 943-9237; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 
20006: Gary R. Martin.

SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 737-7100; 1085 National Press Building, 
20045: Louis Freedberg, Julia R. House, Carolyn Lochhead, Marc Sandalow.

SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 
610, 20006: Christopher J. Matthews.

SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2015; 330 National Press Building, 20045: Yukio 
Kashiyama, Yoshihisa Komori, Masahiro Nakata, B. Scott Stewart, Hiroshi 
Yuasa.

SAUDI GAZETTE--(202) 347-6469; 1145 National Press Building, 20045: Barbara 
Ferguson, Tim Kennedy.

SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 861-0324; 1155 15th Street, Suite 1111, 20005: 
Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa A. Bashir, Alfred T. Canahuate, Azeddine Labriny, 
Vicki L. Reeve, Melanie G. Tatum.

SCHLEIN NEWS BUREAU--(202) 544-5893; 308 East Capitol Street, Apt. 9, 
20003: Alan M. Schlein.

SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DAILY--(703) 941-4946; 4507 Highland Green Court, 
Alexandria, VA 22312: Chenguang Bian.

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--(202) 408-1484; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
10,000, 20005: Roger Anderson, Curtis Lee Bowman, John Brinkley, James W. 
Brosnan, Peter M. Copeland, Mary Deibel, Robert Friedman, Lance C. Gay, 
Laurel E. Hackett, Nathaniel Harari, Thomas K. Hargrove, Michael Hedges, 
Lisa Hoffman, Jeffrey E. Keeton, John S. Lang, Leonard E. Larsen, John H. 
Lindsay, Joan A. Lowy, Karen MacPherson, Jennifer Maddox, Ann C. 
McFeatters, Dale B. McFeatters, Jeff Miller, David Nielsen, Jim O'Connell, 
Thomas O'Toole, Henry Payne, Richard Powelson, Pamela Reeves, Martin 
Schram, Gerard Shields, Nicholas Smith, Bill Straub, Dan K. Thomasson, Alan 
R. Thompson, Marvin L. West.

SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER--(202) 943-9232; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, 
20006: Christopher Hanson, David Horsey.

SEATTLE TIMES--(202) 546-4700; 245 2nd Street, NE, 20002-5761: James V. 
Grimaldi, Daniel Westneat.

SEGYE TIMES--(202) 637-0587; 924 National Press Building, 20045: Sang I. 
Shin.

SEKAI NIPPO--(202) 879-6786; 924 National Press Building, 20045: Seisaku 
Morita, Yuji Yokoyama.

SEOUL SHINMUN DAILY--(202) 393-4061; 1126 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jae-Young Kim, Ra Yoondho.

SHANGHAI WEN HUI BAO--(703) 979-5276; 1600 South Eads Street, #1013N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Yaodong Wang, Wang Yaodong, Zhu Xinafu.

SHEARER AND GLEN NEWS ENTERPRISE--(202) 462-6070; P.O. Box 9467, 20016: 
Cody P. Shearer, Sergio S. Zufferey.

SHEPARD NEWS FEATURES--(703) 941-8946; 4805 Manion Street, Annandale, VA 
22003: Robert Shepard.

SIDNEY MORNING HERALD--(202) 737-6360; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
20008: Jennifer A. Hewett.

SINGAPORE BUSINESS TIMES--(301) 654-2389; 4701 Willard Avenue, Suite 1024, 
20815: Leon T. Hadar.

SLOVAK NEWS AGENCY--(202) 686-4710; 4501 Connecticut Avenue, #713, 20008: 
Martin Dugas, Otakar Korinek.

SMALL NEWSPAPER GROUP--(202) 662-7123; 1183 National Press Building, 20045: 
Edward R. Felker, Patrick Howe.

SOUTH AFRICA TIMES MEDIA--(301) 432-2878; 585 S. Main Street, Keedysville, 
MD 21756: Simon Barber.

SOUTH CHINA MORNING POST--(202) 332-5731; 1623 Lanier Place, Suite 202, 
20009: Simon L. Beck.

SOUTHAM NEWS--(202) 662-7225; 986 National Press Building, 20045-2199: 
Julian Beltrame.

SPRINGER FOREIGN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 342-3103; 4830 Brandywine Street, 
20016: Frauke Beyer, Cornel Faltin.

ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH--(202) 298-6880; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, 20006: 
Philip M. Dine, Aloysia C. Hamalainen, William Lambrecht, Timothy J. Poor, 
Jon M. Sawyer.

ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS/KR--(202) 383-6042; 700 National Press Building, 
20045: William S. Salisbury.

ST. PETERSBURG TIMES--(202) 463-0574; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 1300, 
20045: Ceci Connolly, David Dahl, Ellen Debenport, Katherine Gazella, Jack 
R. Payton.

STATES NEWS SERVICE--(202) 628-3100; 1333 F Street, Suite 400, 20004: John 
M. Biers, Jennifer A. Brooks, Elizabeth Bryant, Sumana Chatterjee, Susanna 
Duff, Barbara Ferry, Mark Gimein, Paul J. Kane, Evan Katz, Laura A. Magg, 
Pamela Moyer, David Phinney, Matthew F. Pottinger, Dave Priddy, Leland 
Schwartz, Elissa C. Silverman, Phil Stewart, A. B. Stoddard, Michael P. 
Tobin, Ethan S. Wallison, Mike Zapler.

STRAITS TIMES--(202) 622-0574; 916 National Press Building, 20045: Siew Hua 
Lee.

[[Page 955]]

STUTTGARTER ZEITUNG--(301) 983-0735; 11204 Powder Horn Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Jurgen Koar.

SUARA PEMBARUAN--(301) 881-8173; 4806 Ertter Drive, Rockville, MD 20852-
2202: Albert P. Kuhon.

SUEDDEUTSCHE ZEITUNG--(202) 342-3103; 4830 Brandywine Street, NW, 20016: 
Kurt Kister, Stefan Kornelius.

SVENSKA DAGBLADET--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 20008: 
Karin Henriksson.

TAGES ANZEIGER--(202) 833-8290; 3147 Tennyson Place, 20015: Thomas G. 
Ruest.

TAGESZEITUNG--(202) 986-5042; 1915 Kalorama Road, 20009: Peter Tautfest.

TAIPEI CENTRAL DAILY NEWS--(301) 762-5232; 1 Lawngate Court, Potomac, MD 
20854: Brice Wang.

TAIPEI COMMERCIAL TIMES--(703) 573-4376; 3420 Annandale Road, Falls Church, 
VA 22042: Louise R. Costich.

TAIPEI ECONOMIC DAILY--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building, 20045: 
Marco C. Liu.

TAIPEI LIBERTY TIMES--(301) 279-0917; 14431 Pebble Hill Lane, North 
Potomac, MD 20878: Paul Tsai.

TAIPEI UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building, 
20045: James C. Wang.

TAMPA TRIBUNE--(202) 662-7673; 1214 National Press Building, 20045: Philip 
L. Willon.

THOMSON NEWSPAPERS--(202) 628-2157; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #524, 20004: 
Virginia G. Barazia, Greg Bassett, Mario Christaldi, Joseph R. Duffus, 
Harry B. Stoffer, Jr., Robert R. Vitale, Randy Wynn.

TIMES OF INDIA--(202) 463-1301; 1301 20th Street, #314, 20036: Ramesh 
Chandran.

TOKYO-CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1230 National Press Club, 20045: 
Jennifer A. Gerdts, Miyuki Kurata, Moriyoshi Sase, Ryoji Tachio, Anne K. 
Usher.

TORONTO GLOBE AND MAIL--(202) 662-7166; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 
524, 20004: Drew Fagan, Graham Fraser.

TORONTO STAR--(202) 662-7390; 982 National Press Building, 20045: Carol 
Goar, Kathleen Kenna.

TORONTO SUN--(703) 876-0594; 8202 Excalibur Court, Annandale, VA 22003: 
Patrick Harden.

TRAVEL MANAGEMENT DAILY--(202) 467-8085; 1155 15th Street, Suite 510, 
20005: Stephanie Kang, Michael Pina, Bill Poling, John P. Seeley.

TRIBUNE DE GENEVE--(202) 237-5416; 3743 Appleton Street, 20016: Ruetschi 
Pierre.

TRUD--(301) 656-3744; 4620 North Park Avenue, Suite 501W, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Vissarion I. Sisnev.

TUFTY NEWS SERVICE--(202) 347-8998; 2107 National Press Building, 20045: 
Harold G. Tufty.

TULSA WORLD--(703) 484-1424; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

TURKISH DAILY--(301) 571-5204; 4938 Hampden Lane, Suite 238, Bethesda, MD 
20814: Ugur Akinci.

TURKIYE DAILY--(202) 737-7800; 495 National Press Building, 20045: Hasan M. 
Hazar.

U.S.-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE--(202) 638-1117; 1053 National Press Building, 
20045: Julia M. Choi, Julie Moon.

USA TODAY--(703) 276-3622; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22229: Fred 
Anklam, Jr., Beth Belton, Beth M. Belton, Richard Benedetto, Thomas Curley, 
Robert M. Davis, Michael P. Dodd, Peter Eisler, Haya El Nasser, Gary E. 
Fields, Gwen Flanders, Ed Foster-Simeon, Susan Gvozdas, Margaret W. Hall, 
Barbara E. Hansen, Judith B. Hasson, James R. Healey, Jacqueline M. 
Henderson, Paul M. Hoversten, Kevin Johnson, Linda M. Kanamine, Lee M. 
Katz, Judith C. Keen, Jack Kelley, James Kim, Steven Komarow, Jill D. 
Lawrence, Paul W. Leavitt, Jessica Lee, Douglas A. Levy, Matthew Mak, 
Stephen B. Marshall, Anthony E. Mauro, Andrea L. Mays, Mark J. Memmott, 
Johanna Neuman, Jayne O'Donnell, Hal O'Ritter, Paul Overberg, Susan L. 
Page, Mark L. Pearson, Keeby Pendleton, Carolyn Pesce, Carl A. Pisano, 
Evelyn T. Powers, Maria Puente, Patrick R. Richards, Hal Ritter, John 
Ritter, Donna Rosato, Lori Sharn, John M. Siniff, Barbara Slavin, Tom 
Squitieri, Andrea Stone, Shannon L. Tangonan, Rae J. Tyson, Juan J. Walte, 
William M. Welch, Anne Willette, Betty A. Williams, Richard J. Wolf, Al 
Young, Michael J. Zuckerman.

UNITED FEATURES SYNDICATE--(301) 262-6699; 12808 Sutters Lane, Bowie, MD 
20720: Lew Sichelman.

UNITED NEWS OF INDIA--(703) 486-2696; 1600 South Eads Street, Apt. #1126N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: C.K. Arora.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8100; 1510 H Street, Suite 800, 
20005: Sid Balman, Jr., Jorge A. Banales, Paul Basken, Jeffrey P. Bater, 
Kenneth Bazinet, Tobin C. Beck, Raphael Calis, Margaret E. Coker, David E. 
Hubler, Susan C. Milius, Eric Nordwall, June R. Preston, Larry Schuster, 
Kathleen C. Silvassy, Timothy E. Spence, Justin J. Supon, Helen Thomas.

UNITED STATES PRESS--(301) 229-4063; 5312 Blackistone Road, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Frank Van der Linden.

UNIVERSAL PRESS SYNDICATE--(202) 319-1070; 1619 Massachusetts Avenue, 
20036: Hedrick L. Smith.

VARIETY DAILY--(703) 448-0510; 1483 Chain Bridge Road, Suite 202, McLean, 
VA 22101: Christopher S. Stern.

[[Page 956]]

VIETNAM NEWS AGENCY--(202) 530-0854; 2130 P Street, Suite 604, 20037: 
Nguyen Minh, Nghi Vis, Pham Vy.

VIRGINIAN-PILOT--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

WALL STREET JOURNAL--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
20036: Jill Abramson, Matthew K. Benjamin, Alejandro Bodipo-Memba, Glenn 
Burkins, Jackie Calmes, Mary L. Carnevale, Helene Cooper, Joe Davidson, 
Robert Davis, Christina Duff, Edward H. Felsenthal, John J. Fialka, Michael 
K. Frisby, Chris J. Georges, Paul Gigot, Robert Greenberger, Bryan Gruley, 
John J. Harwood, Greg A. Hitt, Carol J. Horner, Albert R. Hunt, Bruce 
Ingersoll, Albert R. Karr, Robert Keatley, June Kronholz, Philip A. Kuntz, 
Sarah McBride, Laurie McGinley, Alan S. Murray, Timothy R. Noah, Asra Q. 
Nomani, Henry Oden, Vicki L. Parker, James M. Perry, Michael M. Phillips, 
Thomas E. Ricks, Carla A. Robbins, David E. Rogers, Amy J. Schatz, Jacob M. 
Schlesinger, Sharon L. Schmid, Richard B. Schmitt, Gerald F. Seib, Ronald 
G. Shafer, Rochelle Sharpe, Glenn R. Simpson, Hilary Stout, Jeffrey Taylor, 
David Wessel, John R. Wilke, Bernard Wysocki, Jr., Alan M. Yonan.

WASHINGTON BUREAU NEWS--(202) 393-3003; 1325 18th Street, Suite 302, 20036: 
Kenneth M. Scheibel.

WASHINGTON MERRY-G0-ROUND--(202) 944-3030; 1200 Eton Court, Suite 300, 
20007: George Clifford, Aaron Karp.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-6000; 1150 15th Street, 20071: Michael 
Abramowitz, Nathan Abse, Joel Achenbach, Henry Allen, Robert L. Asher, 
Stuart C. Auerbach, Charles R. Babcock, Donald P. Baker, Peter Baker, 
Daniel J. Balz, Charles Barbington, Gary S. Barr, Peter Behr, John M. 
Berry, Joan Biskupic, Laura Blumenfeld, Paul Blustein, Nora Boustany, 
William Branigin, David S. Broder, David M. Brown, Peter Carlson, John 
Carmody, Mike Causey, Clay Chandler, Rajiv Chandrasekaran, Patricia Cohen, 
Richard Cohen, Elizabeth Corcoran, Albert R. Crenshaw, Kathleen Day, Ann 
Devroy, Helen Dewar, Michael S. Dobbs, Thomas B. Edsall, Judith Evans, 
Anthony Faiola, Paul Farhi, Stephen Fehr, Marc Fisher, Michael Fletcher, 
Brett D. Fromson, Ann E. Gerhart, Robin Givhan, Jeffrey D. Glasser, Amy 
Goldstein, John M. Goshko, Bradley L. Graham, Meg Greenfield, Anne Groer, 
Lloyd B. Grove, Guy Gugliotta, Maryann Haggerty, Martha A. Hamilton, Blaine 
Harden, John F. Harris, Judith Havemann, Paul J. Hendrickson, Fred Hiatt, 
David Hilzenrath, Robert G. Kaiser, Al Kamen, Brian Kelly, Colbert King, 
Jerry Knight, Serge F. Kovaleski, Sharon LaFraniere, George Lardner, 
Richard Leiby, Thomas W. Lippman, Vernon F. Loeb, David Maraniss, Ruth 
Marcus, Caroline F. Mayer, William H. McAllister, Philip A. McCombs, Mary 
McGrory, Robert H. Melton, Kevin E. Merida, Peter Milius, Mike Mills, John 
D. Mintz, Brian Mooar, Dan Morgan, Richard Morin, Susan Okie, David B. 
Ottaway, Don Phillips, Eric S. Pianin, Walter Pincus, Dana Priest, Rudolph 
A. Pyatt, Jr., Spencer Rich, Ken Ringle, Roxanne Roberts, Barbara J. 
Saffir, Rene Sanchez, Kathy Sawyer, Susan Schmidt, John Schwartz, Maralee 
Schwartz, Patricia Shakow, Michelle Singletary, Cindy Skrzycki, R. Jeffrey 
Smith, Sally Squires, Doug Struck, Curt Suplee, Frank Swoboda, Richard 
Tapscott, Pierre G. Thomas, Sandra Torry, Abigail Trafford, Jacqueline 
Trescott, Stephen M. Twomey, David A. Vise, Barbara Vobejda, David J. 
VonDrehle, Sharon Walsh, Joby Warrick, Alona Wartofsky, Linton Weeks, Rick 
Weiss, Michael Weisskopf, Vanessa D. Williams, Yolanda Woodlee, Yolanda M. 
Woodlee, Bob Woodward, John E. Yang.

WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS--(703) 836-2922; P.O. Box 3067, Alexandria, 
VA 22302: Gordon E. White.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE, 20002: Doug 
Abrahms, Theodore J. Agres, George H. Archibald, Ben Barber, Paul Bedard, 
Brian Blomquist, Gaedig Bonabesse, Paige Bowers, Rex L. Bowman, Allen 
Bradford, Carleton R. Bryant, Thomas H. Carter, Kevin Chaffee, Gus 
Constantine, Francis B. Coombs, Jr., Joseph Curl, Mensah Dean, Julia Duin, 
Susan Ferrechio, Ann Geracimos, William D. Gertz, Ralph Z. Hallow, Kenneth 
W. Hanner, Jennifer Harper, Patrice S. Hill, Carol Innerst, David Jones, 
Peter Kaplan, Refet Kaplan, Laurie A. Kellman, Alan Kline, Dawn Kopecki, 
Donald Lambro, Ruth I. Larson, Tod M. Lindberg, Anne E. Marriott, Toni L. 
Marshall, John L. McCaslin, John Mercurio, Vincent S. Morris, Frank J. 
Murray, Gregory T. Pierce, Wesley Pruden, Viki Reath, Nancy E. Roman, David 
Sands, Rowan Scarborough, Sean P. Scully, Jerry Seper, Josette Shiner, 
Martin Sieff, Warren P. Strobel, Cheryl Wetzstein, Larry A. Witham, 
Lorraine A. Woellert.

WATERTOWN DAILY TIMES--(202) 662-7085; 1001 National Press Building, 20045: 
Alan S. Emory.

WESTDEUTSCHE ALLGEMEINE--(301) 469-8933; 8204 Hamilton Spring Court, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Uwe Knupfer.

WINSTON-SALEM JOURNAL--(202) 662-7672; 1214 National Press Building, 20045: 
John E. Hoeffel.

WISCONSIN STATE JOURNAL--(202) 783-2633; 1099 National Press Building, 
20045: Stephen J. Siegel.

WORLD JOURNAL--(202) 737-6426; 1121 National Press Building, 20045: Betty 
P. Lin.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0082; 1740 North 14th Street, #305, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Xiao Chenglin, Songjiu Fan, Zhai Jingsheng, Fu 
Quansheng, Xiao Tang, Guoqiang Wei, Zhou Xisheng, Bingzhong Yuan, Wang 
Zhenhua.

[[Page 957]]

YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-0363; 802 National Press Building, 20045: Koichi 
Akaza, Lani C. Cossette, Naomichi Fujimoto, Masashi Iiyama, Toshiro 
Ikemura, Toru Kunimatsu, Debra Lau, Jeremy L. Milk, Saiko Nozaki, Ryuichi 
Otsuka, Thea D. Rozman.

YONHAP NEWS AGENCY--(202) 783-5539; 1299 National Press Building, 20045: 
Jun Heesup.

YOUTH DAILY NEWS--(301) 983-2368; 8812 Tuckerman Lane, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Ning Kiang.

ZAMAN--(703) 960-2604; 6036 Richmond Highway, #506, Alexandria, VA 22303: 
Ali Aslan.

ZEITUNGSRING--(202) 338-6583; 3019 Cambridge Place, 20007: Marlene Manthey.

ZYCIE WARSZAWY--(202) 393-3511; 840 National Press Building, 20045: Tomasz 
Wroblewski,

[[Page 958]]


