

Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997. - 


Congressional Directory for the 105th Congress (1997-1998), June 1997.
[Pages 958-965]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]




                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

Superintendent.--Maurie Johnson.
    Assistant Superintendent.--Jeff Kent.
      Staff Assistant.--Kim M. Magruder.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Tim Dillon, Chairman
                                            Dennis Brack, Secretary-
                                                Treasurer
                                            Steve Crowley
                                            Charles W. Harrity
                                            Joe Marquette
                                            Win McNamee
                               __________

                         RULES GOVERNING GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos, magazine 
media, and local newspapers and three at-large members. At large members 
may be, but need not be, selected from a media otherwise represented on 
the Committee.
    (b) The term of office of a member of the Committee elected as the 
Associated Press Photos member, the local newspapers member and one of 
the at large members shall expire on the day of the election held in the 
first odd-numbered year following the year in which the member was 
elected, and the term of office of a member of the Committee elected as 
the magazine media member and the remaining two at large members shall 
expire on the day of the election held in the first even-numbered year 
following the year in which the member was elected. Whenever two at 
large seats are up for election the two candidates with the highest 
number of votes in that category shall be elected. A member elected to 
fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall serve 
for only the unexpired portion of such term.
    (c) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (d) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review andapproval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Headsof Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of thefollowing:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.

[[Page 959]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                             Newt, Gingrich,
                                   Speaker, House of Representatives

                                                John Warner,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 960]]

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Abraham, Mark: Freelance

Ach, Michael: Newsday

Ake, J. David: Reuters News Pictures

Alers, Paul: Freelance

Allen, John: Washington Post

Alpert, Brian: Keystone Press Agency

Andrews, Nancy: Washington Post

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Arbogast, Charles: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arias, Juana: Washington Post

Ashe, James: Time Magazine

Ashley, Douglas: Suburban Communications Corp.

Atlan, Jean-Louis: Freelance

Attlee, Tracey: Freelance

Aubry, Timothy: Reuters News Pictures

Ballard, Karen: Washington Times

Barouh, Stan: Freelance

Barrett, Stephen: Freelance

Beals, Herman: Reuters News Pictures

Beiser, H. Darr: USA/Today

Bentley, PF: Time Magazine

Bereswill, Paul: Newsday

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Biber, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Biddle, Susan: Washington Post

Binks, Porter: USA/Today

Blass, Eileen: USA/Today

Bloom, Richard: National Journal

Bochatey, Terry: Reuters News Pictures

Borea, Roberto: Associated Press Photos

Borst, Charles: Knight-Ridder Tribune News Service

Boston, Bernard: Freelance

Bouchard, Renee: Freelance

Bowe, Christy: McClendon News Service

Bower, Carl: Freelance

Brack, William: Black Star

Branch-Price, Brian: Wilmington News Journal

Brantley, James: Washington Times

Brown, Robert: Richmond Times Dispatch

Brown, Stephen: Freelance

Burgess, Bob: Associated Press

Burke, William: Impact Visuals

Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

Burns, David: Photo Trends, Inc.

Cameron, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Clark, Carlton: Legal Times

Clement, Richard: Reuters News Pictures

Cobb, Jodi: National Geographic

Cohen, Marshall: Jennings Publications

Colburn, James: Photoreporters, Inc.

Cook, Dennis: Associated Press Photos

Cooke, Ken: Freelance

Cooper, Karin: Associated Press

Cornell, John: Newsday

Cox, Ernest: Chicago Tribune

Craig, Cameron: Freelance

Crandall, Rob: Freelance

Crowley, Stephen: New York Times

Curtiss, Cathaleen: Washington Times

Cutts, Peter: Freelance

Daugherty, Robert: Associated Press Photos

Davidson, Barbara: Washington Times

Davies, Phillip: Newsday

Davis, Bill: Newsday

DeLort, Jean Guy: Fairchild Publications

Deslich, Steve: Thomson Newspapers

Deutsch, Robert: USA/Today

Devadas, Rajan: Front Line

Diggs, Brian: Associated Press

Dillon, Timothy: USA/Today

Dodge, Thomas: Farm Journal Publishing, Inc.

Dombroski, Joe: Newsday

Dooley, James: Newsday

Downing, Lawrence: Newsweek

Durand, Enrique: Reuters News Pictures

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Eisele, John: National Journal

Elfers, Steve: Army Times

Ellis, Richard: Sygma

Faram, Mark: Army Times

Ferrell, Scott: Congressional Quarterly

Fetters, Paul: Matrix International

Ficara, John: Newsweek

Fiedler, James: U.S. News & World Report

Florescu, Viorel: Newsday

Fournier, Frank: Contact Press Images

Foy, Mary Lou: Washington Post

Franklin, Ross: Washington Times

Frazza, Luke: Agence France-Presse

Freed, Leonard: Magnum Photos

Freeland, Erik: Freelance

Freeman, Melanie: Christian Science Monitor

Fremson, Ruth: Associated Press Photos

Friar, Jerome: Impact Visuals

Fusco, Paul: Magnum Photos

Gainer, Dennis: USA/Today

Gaines, Julia: Newsday

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

[[Page 961]]

Garofalo, John Cleveland: Freelance

Geissinger, Michael A.: Freelance

Gibson, J. Greg: Associated Press Photos

Gilbert, Bruce: Newsday

Gilbert, Kevin: Washington Times

Gilbert, Patrice: Legal Times

Giroux, Robert: Freelance

Glinn, Burton: Magnum Photos

Godfrey, Mark: Freelance

Golon, Maryanne: US News & World Report

Goodrich, Daniel: Newsday

Goulait, Bert: Washington Times

Graham, Douglas: Congressional Quarterly

Grieser, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Griffiths, Philip: Magnum Photos

Guzy, Carol: Washington Post

Halasy, Don: New York Post

Halstead, Dirck: Time Magazine

Hamburg, Harry: New York Daily News

Hanes, Frank: Chicago Tribune

Harari, Nathaniel: Scripps Howard News Service

Harbison, Robert: Christian Science Monitor

Harrington, John: World & I

Harrity, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Hartmann, Erich: Magnum Photos

Harvey, David: Magnum Photos

Hazen, Pam: Hill, The

Heikes, Darryl: Freelance

Heimsath, Peter: Photo Associate News Service

Heinen, Kenneth: Freelance

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Herndon, Craig: Washington Post

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Holden, Peter: World & I

Horan, Tom: Sygma

Hosefros, Paul: New York Times

Housewerth, Jan: Washington Times

Iuvone, Mary: Asbury Park Press

Jacobsen, Don: Newsday

Jaffe, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Jenkins, Keith: Washington Post

Jennings, Stan: Jennings Publications

Johns, Christopher: National Geographic

Johnson, Cynthia: Time Magazine

Johnston, Frank: Washington Post

Kanthal, Jack: Newark Star Ledger

Katz, Martin: Chesapeake News Service

Keating, John: Newsday

Keating, Maureen: Roll Call

Keeton, Jeffrey: Scripps Howard News Service

Kelly, James: Freelance

Kennedy, Charles: Freelance

Kennerly, David: Newsweek

Kent, Dazine: Afro-American Newspaper

Kieffer, Gary: Foto Consortium

Kim, Yunghi: Freelance

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleponis, Christopher: Newsweek

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Krafft, Louise: San Juan Star

Kraus, Richard: Newsday

LaVor, Martin: Lavor Group

Laffont, Jean Pierre: Sygma

Lambert, Kenneth: Washington Times

Lee, Wilfredo: Associated Press Photos

Lipski, Richard: Washington Post

Lloyd, Michael: Oregonian

LoScalzo, Jim: U.S. News & World Report

Lopez, Jose: New York Times

Lustig, Raymond: Washington Post

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey: U.S. News & World Report

Madrid, Michael: USA/Today

Mallin, Jay: Impact Visuals

Mallory, Tyler: Freelance

Mark, Leighton: Freelance

Markel, Brad: Capri/ Gamma-Liaison

Maroon, Fred: Freelance

Marquette, Joseph: Associated Press Photos

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Matheny, R. Norman: Christian Science Monitor

Mathieson, Greg: MAI Photo Agency

McCurry, Steven: Magnum Photos

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McKay, Richard: Cox Newspapers

McNamee, Wallace: Newsweek

McNamee, Win: Reuters News Pictures

Medina, Vidal: Reuters News Pictures

Meiselas, Susan: Magnum Photos

Mendelsohn, Matthew: Freelance

Miller, Ingeborg: Magnum Photos

Mills, Douglas: Associated Press Photos

Mintz, Ari: Newsday

Mohin, Andrea: New York Times

Montgomery, Darrow: City Paper

More, Jose: Chicago Tribune

Morello, Debbi: Freelance

Morris, Larry: Washington Post

Mosley, Leigh: Off Our Backs

Murphy, Timothy: Freelance

Nachtwey, James: Magnum Photos

Naltchayan, Joyce: Agence France-Presse

Naltchayan, Neshan: Freelance

Natoli, Sharon: Washington Times

Norcia, Michael: New York Post

Novovitch, Luc: Freelance

Nozzoli, Akram: Saudi Press Agency

Owen, Clifford: Washington Times

Paganelli, Manuello: Freelance

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

Pangraze, Jennifer: Freelance

Paraskevas, John: Newsday

Parcell, James: Washington Post

Parsons, Nathan: Scripps Howard News Service

[[Page 962]]

Patterson, Kathryn: Army Times

Patterson, Laura: Roll Call

Pearman, Reginald: Associated Press

Pearson, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Pensinger, Douglas: Freelance

Peppler, James: Newsday

Peress, Gilles: Magnum Photos

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Perry, William: Gannett News Service

Pokress, David: Newsday

Pokress, Jackson: Observer Newspapers

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Carol: Dallas Morning News

Raia, Alexander: Newsday

Rasmussen, Randy: Oregonian

Reed, Ellis: Magnum Photos

Reeder, Robert: Washington Post

Reinhard, Rick: Impact Visuals

Remsberg, Edwin: Freelance

Rentas, David: New York Post

Ricardel, Vincent: Freelance

Richards, Paul: Agence France-Presse

Richards, Roger: Washington Times

Richardson, Joel: Washington Post

Ries, Barbara: Freelance

Roberts, Joshua: Freelance

Robinson, Scott: Freelance

Ronay, Vivian: Freelance

Rosenbaum, Daniel: Washington Times

Rosenberg, Micheal: Blender Magazine

Roth, Rebecca: Freelance

Rutz, Dean: Seattle Times

Sachs, Arnold: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Howard: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Ronald: Consolidated News Pictures

Salhani, Claude: United Press International

Sargent, Michael: Agence France-Presse

Savoia, Stephan: Associated Press Photos

Sawchuk, Ken: Newsday

Schlein, Lonnie: New York Times

Schroeder, Bjorn: German Newspaper Group

Schumacher, Karl: Freelance

Schwarz, Ira: Freelance

Sell, Blake: Reuters News Pictures

Sherbell, Shepard: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Sherbow, Robert: People Magazine

Silverman, Joseph: Washington Times

Simon, Martin: Saba Press Photos, Inc.

Sloan, Timothy: Agence France-Presse

Smith, Benjamin: Education Week

Smith, Dayna: Washington Post

Souza, Peter: Freelance

Spencer, Ken: Newsday

Spilotro, Michael: World & I

Stabile, Karen: Newsday

Stanfield, James: National Geographic

Steib, Clint: Washington Blade

Stenzel, Maria: National Geographic

Stephenson, Richard: Freelance

Stubbe, Glen: Washington Times

Sykes, Jack: Professional Pilot Magazine

Takeda, Yasushi: Focus Magazine

Tama, Mario: Prince George's Journal

Tannenbaum, Allan: Sygma

Theiler, Michael: Freelance

Thomas, Margaret: Washington Post

Thresher, James: Washington Post

Tiernan, Audrey: Newsday

Traver, Joseph: Freelance

Trippett, Robert: Sipa Press

Udesen, Betty: Seattle Times

Usher, Chris: Freelance

Van Riper, Frank: Freelance

Varias, Stelios: Reuters News Pictures

Vathis, Paul: Associated Press Photos

Villafuerte, Mario: Army Times

Visser, Robert: Photopress Washington

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press

Ward, Fred: Black Star

Watkins, Jr., Frederick: Johnson Publishing Co.

Watson, Ricardo: United Press International

Wilking, Rick: Reuters News Pictures

Williams, John: Newsday

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Jym: Gannett News Service

Wilson, Mark: Freelance

Wolfson, Stanley: Newsday

Wood, William: Army Times

Woods, Douglas: Freelance

Woodward, Tracy: Washington Times

Wyman, Ira: Newsweek

Yarwood, Richard: Newsday

Yim, Heesoon: HANA

Young, Bruce: Freelance

Young, Jennifer: Freelance

Yu, Liu: Xinhua News Agency

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

[[Page 963]]



                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

AFRO-AMERICAN NEWSPAPER--332-0080; 1612 14th St., NW, Washington, DC 20009: 
Kent, Dazine

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--414-0551; 1015 15th St., NW, 5th floor, Washington, 
DC 20005: Frazza, Luke;

Jaffe, Stephen; Naltchayan, Joyce; Pearson, Robert; Richards, Paul; 
Sargent, Michael; Sloan, Timothy

ARMY TIMES--703-750-8170; 6883 Commercial Drive, Springfield, VA 22159-
0150: Elfers, Steve; Faram, Mark; Patterson, Kathryn; Villafuerte, Mario; 
Wood, William

ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS--828-9650; 2021 K Street, NW, Washington, DC 20006: 
Applewhite, J. Scott; Arbogast, Charles; Borea, Roberto; Burgess, Bob; 
Cook, Dennis; Cooper, Karin; Daugherty,Robert; Diggs, Brian; Edmonds, 
Ronald; Fremson, Ruth; Gibson, J. Greg; Helber, Stephen; Lee, Wilfredo; 
Marquette, Joseph; Mills, Douglas; Pearman, Reginald; Savoia, Stephan; 
Vathis, Paul; Walsh, Susan

BLACK STAR--547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Rd., Alexandria, VA 22308: Brack, 
William; Ward, Fred

BLENDER MAGAZINE--737-7370; 806 15th St., NW Ste. 210, Washington, DC 
20005: Rosenberg, Micheal

CHESAPEAKE NEWS SERVICE--338-8550; 1346 Connecticut Ave., Suite 714, 
Washington, DC 20036: Katz, Martin;

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--824-8221; 1325 G St., NW Ste. 200, Washington, DC 20005: 
Cox, Ernest; Hanes, Frank; More, Jose;

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--617-262-2300; One Norway Street, Boston, MA 
02115-3195: Freeman, Melanie; Harbison, Robert; Matheny, R. Norman

CITY PAPER--347-7534; Suite 202, 724 9th St., Washington, DC 20001: 
Montgomery, Darrow;

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--887-8500; 1414 22nd St., Washington, DC 20037: 
Ferrell, Scott; Graham, Douglas

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--543-3203; 10305 Leslie St., Silver Spring, MD 
20902: Sachs, Arnold; Sachs, Howard; Sachs, Ronald

CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--212-496-5300; 116 East 27th St. 8th Floor, New York, 
NY 10016: Burnett, David; Fournier, Frank

COX NEWSPAPERS--887-8348; 2000 Pennsylvannia Ave., Washington, DC 20006: 
McKay, Richard

DALLAS MORNING NEWS--214-977-8222; PO BOX 655237, Dallas, TX 75265: Powers, 
Carol

EDUCATION WEEK--364-1039; 4301 Connecticut Ave., Washington, DC 20008: 
Smith, Benjamin

FAIRCHILD PUBLICATIONS--682-3200; 1333 H St., Washington, DC 20005: DeLort, 
Jean Guy

FARM JOURNAL PUBLISHING--215-829-4865; 230 W. Square, Philadelphia, PA 
19106: Dodge, Thomas

FOCUS MAGAZINE--703-243-1569; 1020 North Quincy St. No. 808, Arlington, VA 
22201: Takeda, Yasushi

FOTO CONSORTIUM--703-486-0305; South Oxford St., Arlington, VA 22206-2326: 
Kieffer, Gary

FRONT LINE--301-340-3338; 214 Hardy Place, Rockville, MD 20852: Devadas, 
Rajan

FRONTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--301-229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 20812: 
Lynch, M. Patricia

GAMMA-LIAISON--212-888-7272; 150 East 58th St., New York, NY 10155: Markel, 
Brad

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--703-276-5256; 1000 Wilson Blvd., Arlington, VA 22209: 
Perry, William; Wilson, Jym;

GERMAN NEWSPAPER GROUP--202-244-6736; 4100 Massachusetts Ave., NW, 
Washington, DC 20016: Schroeder, Bjorn

GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--917-879-0749; 111 Broadway Rt.107, Hicksville, 
NY 11801: Panagos, Dimitrios

HANA--393-1166; 1111 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: Yim, 
Heesoon

HILL, THE--628-8502; 733 15th St., NW Ste. 1140, Washington, DC 20005: 
Hazen, Pam

HURRIYET--703-978-8073; 8910 Moreland Lane, Annadale, VA 22033: Biber, 
Mehmet

IMPACT VISUALS--212-683-9688; Suite 901, 28 West 27th St., New York, NY 
10001: Burke, William; Friar, Jerome; Mallin, Jay; Reinhard, Rick

JENNINGS PUBLICATIONS--946-5538; 2600 Pyers Mill Rd., Silver Spring, MD 
20902: Cohen, Marshall; Jennings, Stan

JOHNSON PUBLISHING CO.--393-5860; 1750 Pennsylvannia Ave., Washington, DC 
20005: Watkins, Jr., Frederick

KEYSTONE PRESS AGENCY--212-924-8123; 202 East 42nd St., 4th Floor, New 
York, NY 10017: Alpert, Brian

[[Page 964]]

KNIGHT-RIDDER TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE--383-6099; Suite 776, 529 14th St., 
Washington, DC 20045: Borst, Charles;

LAVOR GROUP--703-765-7187; 7710 Lookout Ct., Alexandria, VA 22306: LaVor, 
Martin LEGAL TIMES--457-0686; 1730 M St., NW, Suite 802, Washington, DC 
20036: Clark, Carlton; Gilbert,Patrice;

LOS ANGELES TIMES--293-4650; 1875 I St., Washington, DC 20006: Grieser, 
Robert

MAGNUM PHOTOS, INC.--212-541-7570; 251 Park Ave., So., New York, NY 10010: 
Freed, Leonard; Fusco, Paul; Glinn, Burton; Griffiths, Philip; Hartmann, 
Erich; Harvey, David; McCurry, Steven;Meiselas, Susan; Miller, Ingeborg; 
Nachtwey, James; Peress, Gilles; Reed, Ellis

MAI PHOTO NEWS AGENCY--703-968-0330; 6601 Ashmere Lane, Centreville, VA 
22020: Mathieson, Greg

MATRIX INTERNATIONAL, Inc.--212-362-2393; Suite 2R, 468 West 23rd St., New 
York, NY 10011: Fetters, Paul

McCLENDON NEWS SERVICE--483-3791; 3133 Connecticut Ave., NW, Washington, DC 
20008: Bowe, Christy

NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC--857-7477; 17th & M Streets, NW, Washington, DC 20036: 
Cobb, Jodi; Johns, Christopher; Stanfield, James; Stenzel, Maria

NATIONAL JOURNAL--857-1414; 1730 M St., NW, Washington, DC 20036: Bloom, 
Richard; Eisele, John

NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--212-949-3691; 220 East 42nd St., New York, NY 10017: 
Hamburg, Harry

NEW YORK POST--212-815-8550; 210 South Street, New York, NY 10002: Halasy, 
Don; Norcia, Michael; Rentas, David

NEW YORK TIMES--867-0383; 1627 Eye St., NW 9th Floor, Washington, DC 20036: 
Crowley, Stephen Hosefros, Paul; Lopez, Jose; Mohin, Andrea; Schlein, 
Lonnie

NEWARK STAR LEDGER--201-877-4141; One Star Ledger Plaza, Newark, NJ 07102: 
Kanthal,Jack

NEWSDAY--516-454-2832; 235 Pinelawn Dr., Melville, NY 11747: Ach, Michael; 
Bereswill, Paul; Cornell, John; Davies, Phillip; Davis, Bill; Dombroski, 
Joe; Dooley, James; Florescu, Viorel; Gaines,Julia; Gilbert, Bruce; 
Goodrich, Daniel; Jacobsen, Don; Keating, John; Kraus, Richard; Mintz, Ari; 
Paraskevas, John; Peppler,James; Pokress, David; Raia, Alexander; Sawchuk, 
Ken; Spencer, Ken; Stabile, Karen; Tiernan, Audrey; Williams, John; 
Wolfson, Stanley; Yarwood, Richard

NEWSWEEK--626-2060; 1750 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20006: 
Downing, Lawrence; Ficara, John; Kennerly, David; Kleponis, Christopher; 
McNamee, Wallace; Wyman, Ira

OBSERVER NEWSPAPERS--516-679-9888; 2262 Centre Avenue, Bellmore, NY 11710: 
Pokress, Jackson;

OFF OUR BACKS--234-8072; 2423 18th St., Washington, DC 20009: Mosley, Leigh

OREGONIAN--503-221-8075; 1320 Southwest Broadway, Portland, OR 97201: 
Lloyd, Michael; Rasmussen, Randy

PEOPLE MAGAZINE--293-4300; 888 16th St., Washington, DC 20006: Sherbow, 
Robert

PHOTO ASSOCIATES NEWS SERVICE--965-4428; 3421 M St., NW Ste 1636, 
Washington, DC 20007: Heimsath, Peter

PHOTO TRENDS, INC.--212-613-3295; Suite 702, 260 West 35th St., New York, 
NY 10001: Burns, David

PHOTOPRESS WASHINGTON--234-8787; 120 S. Spring St., Falls Church, VA 22046: 
Visser, Robert

PRINCE GEORGE'S JOURNAL--301-459-3131; 9410 Annapolis Road, Lanham, MD 
20706: Tama, Mario

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005: 
Ake, J. David; Aubry, Timothy; Beals, Herman; Bochatey, Terry; Cameron, 
Gary; Clement, Richard; Durand, Enrique;Hershorn, Gary; McNamee, Win; 
Medina, Vidal; Sell, Blake; Varias, Stelios; Wilking, Rick

RICHMOND TIMES-DISPATCH--804-649-6486; 333 East Grace St., Ricmond, VA 
23229: Brown, Robert

ROLL CALL--289-4900; 900 2nd St., NW, Suite 107, Washington, DC 20002: 
Keating, Maureen; Patterson, Laura

SABA PRESS PHOTOS--212-679-5454; 159 East 30th St., New York, NY 10116: 
Sherbell, Shepard; Simon, Martin

SAUDI PRESS AGENCEY--861-0324; 1155 15th St., NW Suite 1111, Washington, DC 
20005: Nozzoli, Akram

SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE--480-2723; 1090 Vermont Ave., NW, Washington, 
DC 20005: Harari, Nathaniel; Keeton, Jeffrey; Parsons, Nathan

SEATTLE TIMES--206-464-2203; 1120 John St., Seattle, WA 98111: Rutz, Dean; 
Udesen, Betty

SIPA--212-463-0150; 30 West 21st St., New York, NY 10010: Trippett, Robert

SUBURBAN COMMUNICATIONS CORP.--810-645-5164; 805 E. Maple Rd., Birmingham, 
MI 48009: Ashley, Douglas

SYGMA--212-675-7900; 322 8th Ave., 11th Fl., New York, NY 10001: Ellis, 
Richard; Horan, Tom; Laffont, Jean Pierre; Tannenbaum, Allan

THOMSON NEWSPAPERS--628-2157; 1331 Pennsylvania Ave., NW #524, Washington, 
DC 20004: Deslich, Steve

TIME MAGAZINE--861-4062; 1050 Connecticut Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20036: 
Ashe, James; Bentley, PF; Colburn, James; Halstead, Dirck; Johnson, 
Cynthia; Walker, Diana

[[Page 965]]

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT--955-2000; 2400 N Street, NW, Washington, DC 
20037: Archambault, Charles; Fiedler, James; Golon, Maryanne; Harrity, 
Charles; LoScalzo, Jim; MacMillan, Jeffrey

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--898-8071; 1400 Eye Street, Washington, DC 
20005: Salhani, Claude; Watson, Ricardo

USA/TODAY--703-276-3400; 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22208: 
Beiser, H. Darr; Binks, Porter; Blass, Eileen; Deutsch, Robert; Dillon, 
Timothy; Gainer, Dennis; Madrid, Michael

WASHINGTON BLADE--347-2038; Suite 315, 930 F St., Washington, DC 20017: 
Steib, Clint

WASHINGTON POST--334-7377; 1150 15th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20071: 
Allen, John; Andrews, Nancy; Arias, Juana ; Biddle, Susan ; Foy, Mary Lou; 
Guzy, Carol; Herndon, Craig; Jenkins, Keith; Johnston,Frank; Lipski, 
Richard; Lustig, Raymond; Martineau, Gerald; McDonnell, John; Morris, 
Larry;Parcell, James; Perkins, Lucien; Reeder, Robert; Richardson, Joel; 
Smith, Dayna; Thomas, Margaret; Thresher,James; Williamson, Michael

WASHINGTON TIMES--636-3000; 3600 New York Ave., NE, Washington, DC 20002: 
Ballard, Karen; Brantley, James; Curtiss, Cathaleen; Davidson, Barbara; 
Franklin, Ross; Gilbert, Kevin;Goulait, Bert; Housewerth, Jan;Lambert, 
Kenneth; Natoli, Sharon; Owen, Clifford; Richards, Roger; Rosenbaum, 
Daniel; Silverman, Joseph; Stubbe, Glen; Woodward, Tracy

WILMINGTON NEWS JOURNAL--302-324-2821; 950 W. Basin Rd., Newcastle, DE 
19805: Branch-Price, Brian

WORLD & I--635-4020; 2850 New York Ave., NE, Washington, DC 20002: 
Harrington, John; Holden, Peter; Spilotro, Michael

XINHUA --703-875-0082; 1740 N. 14 St., Arlington, VA 22209: Yu, Liu

                                FREELANCE

Abraham, Mark; Alers, Paul; Atlan, Jean-Louis; Attlee, Tracey; Barouh, 
Stan; Barrett, Stephen; Berg, Lisa; Boston, Bernard; Bouchard, Renee; 
Bower, Carl; Brown, Stephen; Cedeno, Ken; Cooke, Ken; Craig,Cameron; 
Crandall, Rob; Cutts, Peter; Freeland, Erik; Garcia, Mannie; Garofalo, John 
Cleveland; Geissinger, Michael A.; Giroux, Robert; Godfrey, Mark; Heikes, 
Darryl; Heinen, Kenneth; Kelly, James;Kennedy, Charles; Kim, Yunghi; 
Kittner, Sam; Kossoff, Leslie; Mallory, Tyler; Mark, Leighton; Maroon, 
Fred; Mendelsohn, Matthew; Morello, Debbi; Murphy, Timothy; Naltchayan, 
Neshan; Novovitch, Luc; Paganelli,Manuello; Pangraze, Jennifer; Pensinger, 
Douglas; Poleski, David; Remsberg, Edwin; Ricardel, Vincent; Ries, Barbara; 
Roberts, Joshua; Robinson, Scott; Ronay, Vivian; Roth, Rebecca; Schumacher, 
Karl; Schwarz, Ira; Souza, Peter; Stephenson, Richard; Theiler, Michael; 
Traver, Joseph; Usher, Chris; Van Riper, Frank; Wilson, Mark; 
Woods,Douglas; Young, Bruce; Young, Jennifer; Ziffer, Steve

[[Page 966]]



