

Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020. - 


Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020.
[Pages 661-690]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

             Robert F. Kennedy Department of Justice Building

            950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530

                  phone (202) 514-2000, https://usdoj.gov

     WILLIAM P. BARR was born on May 23, 1950 in New York City. Mr. Barr 
received his A.B. in government from Columbia University in 1971 and his 
M.A. in government and Chinese studies in 1973. From 1973 to 1977, he 
served in the Central Intelligence Agency before receiving his J.D. with 
highest honors from George Washington University Law School in 1977.
     In 1978, Mr. Barr served as a law clerk under Judge Malcolm Wilkey 
of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. 
Following his clerkship, Mr. Barr joined the Washington, D.C. office of 
the law firm of Shaw, Pittman, Potts & Trowbridge as an associate. He 
left the firm to work in the White House under President Ronald Reagan 
from 1982 to 1983 on the domestic policy staff, then returned to the law 
firm and became a partner in 1985.
     Under President George H.W. Bush, Mr. Barr served as the Deputy 
Attorney General from 1990 to 1991; the Assistant Attorney General of 
the Office of Legal Counsel from 1989 to 1990; and the 77th Attorney 
General of the United States from 1991 to 1993. While serving at the 
Department, Mr. Barr helped create programs and strategies to reduce 
violent crime and was responsible for establishing new enforcement 
policies in a number of areas including financial institutions, civil 
rights, and antitrust merger guidelines. Mr. Barr also led the 
Department's response to the Savings & Loan crisis; oversaw the 
investigation of the Pan Am 103 bombing; directed the successful 
response to the Talladega prison uprising and hostage taking; and 
coordinated counter-terrorism activities during the First Gulf War.
     From 1994 to 2000, Mr. Barr served as Executive Vice President and 
General Counsel for GTE Corporation. Mr. Barr then served as Executive 
Vice President and General Counsel of Verizon from 2000 to 2008. At both 
GTE and Verizon, Mr. Barr led the legal, regulatory, and government 
affairs activities of the companies.
     After retiring from Verizon in 2008, Mr. Barr advised major 
corporations on government enforcement matters, as well as regulatory 
litigation. Mr. Barr served as Of Counsel at Kirkland & Ellis LLP in 
2009 and rejoined the firm in 2017.
     President Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate Mr. Barr 
on December 7, 2018, and he was confirmed as the 85th Attorney General 
of the United States by the U.S. Senate on February 14, 2019. U.S. 
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of 
office. Mr. Barr joins John Crittenden (1841 and 1850-53) as one of only 
two people in U.S. history to serve twice as Attorney General.

                      OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5111, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2001

 Attorney General.--William P. Barr.
     Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Attorney General.--Brian 
        Rabbitt, Room 5111, 514-3892.
     Counselor to the Attorney General: Seth DuCharme, Room 5127, 514-
        9665; Gene Hamilton, Room 5224, 514-4969; Will Levi, Room 5116, 
        616-7740; John Moran, Room 5112, 616-2372; Timothy Shea, Room 
        5110, 514-9798; Lauren Willard, Room 5214, 305-8674.
     White House Liaison.--Rachel Bissex, Room 5119, 305-7378.
     Director of Advance.--Jeffrey Favitta, Room 5119, 353-4435.
     Director of Scheduling.--Brittany Psyhogios-Smith, Room 5134, 514-
        9797.
     Confidential Assistant.--Theresa Watson, Room 5111, 514-2001.


[[Page 662]]



                   OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 4111, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2101

 Deputy Attorney General.--Jeffrey A. Rosen, Room 4111.
              Confidential Assistant to the Deputy Attorney General.--
                Marcia Murphy, Room 4111, 514-2101.
     Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General.--Robert K. Hur, Room 
        4208, 514-2105.
     Chief of Staff and Associate Deputy Attorney General.--James A. 
        Crowell IV, Room 4210, 514-8699.
     Deputy Chief of Staff and Associate Deputy Attorney General.--G. 
        Zachary Terwilliger, Room 4210, 307-1045.
     Chief, Professional Misconduct Review Unit.--John Geise, Room 4131, 
        514-0049.
     Associate Deputy Attorneys General: Antoinette Bacon, Room 4110, 
        616-1621; Steven Cook, Room 4415, 305-0180; Tashina Gauhar, Room 
        4218, 514-3712; Iris Lan, Room 4311, 514-6907; Sujit Raman, Room 
        4222, 307-0697; Scott Schools, Room 4113, 305-7848; James 
        Swanson, Room 4135, 305-8657; Robert Troester, Room 4224, 514-
        3853.
     Associate Deputy Attorney General and National Criminal Discovery 
        Coordinator.--Andrew D. Goldsmith, Room 4214, 514-5705.
     Associate Deputy Attorney General and Director, OCDETF.--Bruce G. 
        Ohr, Room 4115, 307-2510.
     Senior Counsel to the Deputy Attorney General.--Amelia Medina, Room 
        4121, 616-0663.
     Counsel to the Deputy Attorney General: Zachary Bolitho, Room 4114, 
        514-7473; Leah Bressack, Room 4129, 514-6753; Patrick Bumatay, 
        Room 4226, 305-0071; Brendan Groves, Room 4304, 305-4127; John 
        Hill, Room 4214, 353-3030; Daniel Loveland, Room 4315, 305-0620; 
        Chad Mizelle, Room 4116, 305-3481; Michael Murray, Room 4220, 
        307-2090; Matthew Sheehan, Room 4119, 514-4995.
     Emergency Preparedness and Crisis Response Coordinator.--Mark E. 
        Michalic, Room 4112, 514-0438.
     Senior Advisor on Forensics.--Ted Hunt, Room 4303, 514-4995.
     National Coordinator for Child Exploitation Prevention and 
        Interdiction.--Michael Frank, Room 4217, 305-0273.

                 OFFICE OF THE ASSOCIATE ATTORNEY GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5706, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-9500

 Associate Attorney General.--Vacant.
              Confidential Assistant / Office Manager.--Ashley Wilson*, 
                Room 5706, 514-9500.
     Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General.--Claire McCusker 
        Murray.
     Deputy Associate Attorneys General: Katherine Allen*, Stephen Cox, 
        Patrick Davis, Jennifer Dickey, Taylor McConkie*, Brian Pandya, 
        Prerak Shah.
     Counsel to the Associate Attorney General.--Vacant.
     Senior Counsel to the Associate Attorney General.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Associate Attorney General.--
        Stephen Cox (acting).
     Staff Assistant.--Vacant, Room 5706, 616-0565.

      Note: * Indicates detailed from other component within DOJ.

                      OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5143, Washington, DC 20530

                phone (202) 514-2201, https://usdoj.gov/osg

 Solicitor General.--Noel Francisco, Room 5143, 514-2201.
     Principal Deputy Solicitor General.--Jeffrey Wall, Room 5143, 514-
        2206.
     Executive Officer.--Valerie Hall Yancey, Room 5142, 514-3957.
     Supervisory Case Management Specialist.--Charlene Goodwin, Room 
        5608, 514-2218.
     Research and Publications Section Manager.--Jason Manuel, Room 
        6634, 353-4122.


[[Page 663]]



                            ANTITRUST DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

    Liberty Square Building, 450 5th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001 
                                  (LSB)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Makan Delrahim, Room 3109 (202) 514-2401.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Barry Nigro, Room 
        3208, 353-6417.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Rene Augustine, Room 3216, 598-
        8931; Michael Murray, Room 3119, 532-4698; Bernard Nigro, Room 
        3212, 353-4656; Richard Powers, Room 3218, 598-2447; Jeffrey 
        Wilder, Room 3214, 307-6665.
     Director of:
          Civil Enforcement.--Kathy O'Neill, Room 3115, 307-2931.
          Criminal Enforcement.--Marvin N. Price, Jr., Room 3214, 307-
            0719.
          Economics Enforcement.--Ronald Drennan, Room 3416, 9400, 307-
            6603.
          Freedom of Information Act Officer.--Kenneth Hendricks (LSB), 
            Room 1000, 514-2692.
          Executive Officer.--Walt Cain (LSB), Room 3626, 514-7305.
     Section Chiefs:
          Appellate.--Daniel Haar, Room 3222, 598-2846.
          Competition Policy.--David Lawrence, Room 3218, 532-4698.
          Defense, Industrial, and Aerospace.--Katrina Rouse (LSB), Room 
            8700, 598-2459.
          Economic Litigation.--Norman Familant (LSB), Room 9912, 307-
            6323.
          Economic Regulatory.--Beth Armington (LSB), Room 3700, 307-
            6332.
          Ethics Office, Office of the Chief Legal Advisor.--Dorothy 
            Fountain, Room 3218, 514-3543.
          Foreign Commerce.--Lynda Marshall (LSB), Room 11000, 514-2264.
          Healthcare and Consumer Products.--Eric Welsh (LSB), Room 
            4050, 598-8881.
          Media, Entertainment, and Professional Services.--Owen Kendler 
            (LSB), Room 4000, 305-8376.
          National Criminal Enforcement.--Ryan Danks (LSB), Room 11400, 
            307-6694.
          Networks and Technology.--Aaron Hoag (LSB), Room 7700, 307-
            6153.
          Telecommunications and Media.--Scott A. Scheele (LSB), Room 
            7000, 307-6132.
          Transportation, Energy, and Agriculture.--Robert Lepore (LSB), 
            Room 8100, 532-4928.

                              FIELD OFFICES

  California: Manish Kumar, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, Room 10-0101, Box 
    36046, San Francisco, CA 94102 (415) 934-5333.
  Illinois: Kalina Tulley, Rookery Building, 209 South LaSalle Street, 
    Suite 600, Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 984-7211.
  New York: Joseph Muoio, Jr., 26 Federal Plaza, Room 3630, New York, NY 
    10278-1040 (212) 824-1236.

                   BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO, FIREARMS,

                           AND EXPLOSIVES (ATF)

        99 New York Avenue, NE., Suite 5S-100, Washington, DC 20226

                          OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR

 Director.--Regina Lombardo (acting), (202) 648-8700.
     Associate Deputy Director / Chief Operating Officer.--Marvin 
        Richardson, 648-8710.
     Chief of Staff.--Joseph J. Allen (acting), 648-7113.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Marianna Mitchem (acting), 648-7371.
     Special Assistant to the Deputy Director.--Betty L. Coleman, 648-
        8710.
     Confidential Project Manager to the Acting Director.--Michelle A. 
        Back, 648-8700.

                      OFFICE OF STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT

 Chief.--Charlayne Armentrout, 648-7099.

                         OFFICE OF CHIEF COUNSEL

 Chief Counsel.--Joel J. Roessner, 648-7058.
     Deputy Chief Counsel.--Pamela J. Hicks, 648-7836.


[[Page 664]]



               OFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT PROGRAMS AND SERVICES

 Assistant Director.--Alphonso J. Hughes, 648-7080.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Andrew R. Graham, 648-7080.

                       OFFICE OF EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

 Chief.--Evette R. Young, 648-8760.

                        OFFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS

 Assistant Director.--Thomas Chittum (702) 469-4203.
     Deputy Assistant Director for--
         Central.--George Lauder (202) 648-7241.
         East.--Marcus Watson (616) 340-1139.
         Industry Operations.--Megan Bennett (202) 648-8344.
         Programs.--Vacant.
         West.--John Durastanti (202) 648-8227.

                           OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT

 Assistant Director / CFO.--Francis H. Frande, 648-7800.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Stuart Lowrey, 648-7800.

                          OFFICE OF OMBUDSPERSON

 Ombudsperson.--Grace M. Reisling, 648-7351.

      OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY AND SECURITY OPERATIONS

 Assistant Director / Chief Security Officer.--Celinez Nunez, 648-7500.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Mickey Leadingham, 648-8702.

                OFFICE OF PUBLIC AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS

 Assistant Director.--Danny Board, 648-8323.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Megan Bennett, 648-8344.
     Chief, Division of:
         Intergovernmental Affairs.--John Wells (acting), 648-8807.
         Legislative Affairs.--Ross Arends, 648-7722.
         Public Affairs.--April Langwell, 648-8686.

                  OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY / CIO

 Assistant Director / Chief Information Officer.--Roger Beasley, 648-
    8390.
     Deputy Assistant Director for IT Services / Deputy CIO.--Victoria 
        Gold, 648-8390.
     Deputy Assistant Director for Forensic Services.--Greg Czarnopys, 
        648-6001.

             OFFICE OF STRATEGIC INTELLIGENCE AND INFORMATION

 Assistant Director.--James E. McDermond, 648-7600.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Dana Nichols, 648-7600.

          OFFICE OF HUMAN RESOURCES AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

 Assistant Director.--Steven L. Gerido, 648-7979.
     Deputy Assistant Director, Professional Development.--Lisa Boykin, 
        648-7489.
     Deputy Assistant Director, Human Resources.--Kelly D. Brady, 648-
        8415.


[[Page 665]]



                              CIVIL DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

              1100 L Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (L ST)

    Liberty Square Building, 450 5th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001 
                                  (LSB)

   175 N Street, NE., 3 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (3CON)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Joseph H. Hunt, Room 3601 (202) 514-3301.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Ethan P. Davis, Room 
        3605, 514-7830.
     Chief of Staff.--Paul Perkins, Room 3611, 514-5090.

                             APPELLATE STAFF

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Hashim Mooppan, Room 3135, 353-
    8679.
     Director.--Mark Freeman, Room 7519, 514-5714.
     Deputy Director.--Dana Martin, Room 7517, 514-2541.

                       COMMERCIAL LITIGATION BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Michael Granston, Room 3607, 307-
    0231.
     Directors: David M. Cohen (L ST), Room 12124, 514-7300; John N. 
        Fargo (L ST), Room 11116, 514-7223.
     Deputy Directors: Jeanne Davidson (L ST), Office of Foreign 
        Litigation, Room 12124, 616-8277; Gary Hausken (L ST), 
        Intellectual Property, Room 8000, 307-0342; Robert Kirschman (L 
        ST), National Courts, Room 10000, 616-8277.
     Legal Officer.--Donna C. Maizel, Esq., U.S. Department of Justice, 
        Civil Division European Office, The American Embassy, London, 
        England, PSC 801, Box 42, FPO AE, 09498-4042, 9+011-44-20-7894-
        0840.
     Attorney-in-Charge.--Barbara Williams, Suite 359, 26 Federal Plaza, 
        New York, NY 10278 (212) 264-9240.

                        CONSUMER LITIGATION BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--David M. Morrell, Room 3131 (202) 
    514-2331.
     Director.--Gustav W. Eyler (LSB), Room 6254, 307-3009.

                         FEDERAL PROGRAMS BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--James M. Burnham, Room 3137, 353-
    2793.
     Directors: John Griffiths (L ST), Room 11100, 514-4651; Alexander 
        K. Haas (L ST), Room 12000, 514-1259; Jennifer Ricketts (L ST), 
        Room 11000, 514-3671.

                          IMMIGRATION LITIGATION

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Scott G. Stewart, Room 3129, 307-
    6482.
     Directors: David McConnell (LSB), Appellate Court, Room 10000, 616-
        4881; William Peachey (LSB), District Court, Room 6054, 307-
        0871.

                           MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS

 Executive Officer of Management Programs.--Catherine E. Emerson, Room 
    3140, 514-4552.

                               TORTS BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Thomas G. Ward, Room 3133 (202) 
    514-7835.
     Directors: Barry Benson, Aviation and Admiralty (Room 8.137, 3CON), 
        616-4030; Rupa Bhattacharyya, Victim Compensation Fund (Room 
        11708, FCB), 1099 14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005, 305-
        0008; Sal D'Alessio, Constitutional and Specialized Torts (Room 
        7.115, 3CON), 616-4168; James Touhey, Federal Torts Claims Act 
        (Room 11.137, 3CON), 616-4400.


[[Page 666]]



                           CIVIL RIGHTS DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   150 M Street, NE., 4 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (4CON)

                           https://usdoj.gov/crt

 Assistant Attorney General.--Eric S. Dreiband, Room 5649, 353-9789.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--John Daukas, Room 
        5748, 353-9430.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Greg Friel, Room 5744, 353-
        9418; Alexander Maugeri, Room 5740, 616-5894; Cynthia McKnight, 
        Room 5533, 616-1278; Robert Moossy, Room 5541, 514-0621.
     Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General: Eric Treene (acting), 
        Room 5531, 353-8622; Matthew Donnelly (acting), Room 5537, 353-
        9013/9014; Jeffrey Morrison (acting), Room 5535, 616-9617; 
        Hilary Pinion (acting), Room 5637, 514-9879/9953; Dan Yi, Room 
        5539, 616-4183.
     Special Assistant.--Cassandra Collins, Room 5644, 598-9038.
     Director of Operational Management.--Kathleen Toomey, Room 5646, 
        323-0283.
     Section Chiefs:
          Administrative Management.--Suey Howe (4CON), Room 11.216, 
            514-2151.
          Appellate.--Thomas Chandler (RFK), Room 3708, 307-3192.
          Complaint Adjudication.--Robert Abraham (acting), (RFK), Room 
            3747, 305-0079.
          Criminal.--James Felte (4CON), Room 711.02, 305-3963.
          Disability Rights.--Rebecca Bond (4CON), Room 9.1102, 305-
            0748.
          Educational Opportunities.--Shaheena Simons (4CON), Room 
            10.202, 305-3364.
          Employment Litigation.--Delora Kenebrew (4CON), Room 9.1819, 
            514-3831.
          Federal Coordination and Compliance.--Christine Stoneman 
            (4CON), Room 7.1425, 305-3963.
          Housing and Civil Enforcement.--Sameena Shina Majeed (4CON), 
            Room 8.1102, 305-1311.
          Immigrant and Employee Rights.--Alberto Ruisanchez (4CON), 
            Room 7.1807, 616-5594.
          Policy and Strategy Section.--Shelia Foran (acting), (4CON), 
            Room 6.530, 305-0160.
          Professional Development.--Jessica Ginsburg (4CON), Room 
            9.1805, 514-4530.
          Special Litigation.--Steven Rosenbaum (4CON), Room 10.1801, 
            616-3244.
          Voting.--Chris Herren (4CON), Room 8.1807, 514-1416.

              OFFICE OF COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES

                  145 N Street, NE., Washington, DC 20530

                            DIRECTOR'S OFFICE

 Director.--Phil Keith, 11th Floor, 616-2888.
     Deputy Director for--
          Community Policing.--Rob Chapman.
          Grant Operations.--Cory Randolph.
          Management.--Wayne Henry.

                         COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Shannon Long, 11th Floor, 514-9079.

                        COMMUNITY RELATIONS SERVICE

  145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Suite 5E.300, Washington, DC 
                                  20530

                    phone (202) 305-2935, fax 353-2164

 Director.--Vacant.
     Deputy Director.--Gerri Ratliff.
     General Counsel.--Antoinette Barksdale.
     Associate Director.--Theresa Segovia.

[[Page 667]]

                         REGIONAL DIRECTORS (RDs)

 New England.--Mary Gorecki (acting), 408 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 222, 
    Boston, MA 02110-1032 (617) 424-5715.
 Northeast Region.--Christian Van Alstyne (acting), 26 Federal Plaza, 
    Suite 36-118, New York, NY 10278 (212) 264-0700.
 Mid-Atlantic Region.--Christian Van Alstyne (acting), 200 2nd and 
    Chestnut Streets, Suite 208, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 597-2344.
 Southeast Region.--Synthia Taylor (acting), 61 Forsyth Street, SW., 
    Suite 7B65, Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 331-6883.
 Midwest Region.--Mary Gorecki, 230 South Dearborn Street, Suite 2130, 
    Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 353-4391.
 Southwest Region.--Synthia Taylor, Hardwood Center Building, 1999 Bryan 
    Street, Suite 2050, Dallas, TX 75201 (214) 655-8175.
 Central Region.--Christian Van Alstyne, 601 East 12th Street, Suite 
    0802, Kansas City, MO 64106 (816) 426-7434.
 Rocky Mountain Region.--Ronald Wakabayashi (acting), 1244 Speer 
    Boulevard, Suite 650, Denver, CO 80204-3584 (303) 844-2973.
 Western Region.--Ronald Wakabayashi, 888 South Figueroa Street, Suite 
    2010, Los Angeles, CA 90017 (213) 894-2941.
 Northwest Region.--Ronald Wakabayashi (acting), 915 Second Avenue, 
    Suite 1808, Seattle, WA 98174 (206) 220-6700.

                             CRIMINAL DIVISION

            950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530

   Bond Building, 1400 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (Bond)

              1331 F Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (F ST)

  Keeney Building, 1301 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (1301 
                                  NYA)

   145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20530 (2CON)

                     Mainline Telephone (202) 514-7200

 Assistant Attorney General.--Brian Rabbitt (acting), Room 2107, 514-
    7200.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--John P. Cronan, Room 
        2206, 514-7200.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Richard W. Downing, Room 2119, 
        353-7849; Kevin Driscoll, Room 2113, 307-6465; Jennifer A. H. 
        Hodge, Room 2115, 305-9291; Matthew S. Miner, Room 2121, 598-
        6206; David C. Rybicki, Room 2220, 514-9834; Bruce C. Swartz, 
        Room 2212, 514-2333.
     Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Assistant Attorney General.--
        Candice C. Wong (acting), Room 2208, 514-2338.
     Senior Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General: Lauren Bell, Room 
        2214, 616-0761; Molly Braese, Room 2116, 307-5856; Samuel 
        Nazzaro, Room 2222, 353-9989.
     Administrative Officer.--Stephen M. Qureshi, Room 2215, 353-1904.
     Executive Officer.--Tracy Melton (Bond), Room 5100, 305-0534.
     Section Chiefs / Office Directors:
          Appellate.--Patty M. Stemler (RFK), Room 1521, 514-2611.
          Capital Case.--Richard Burns (F ST), Suite 600, 353-1911.
          Child Exploitation and Obscenity.--Steve Grocki (Bond), Suite 
            6000, 616-8900.
          Computer Crime and Intellectual Property.--John Lynch (1301 
            NYA), Suite 600, 305-8732.
          Enforcement Operations.--Robert Bryden (acting), (1301 NYA), 
            Suite 1200, 305-9206.
          Fraud.--Robert Zink (Bond), Room 4100, 616-0429.
          Human Rights and Special Prosecutions.--Teresa McHenry (1301 
            NYA), Room 215, 616-8385.
          International Affairs.--Vaughn Ary (1301 NYA), Suite 900, 616-
            1503.
          International Criminal Investigative Training Assistant 
            Program.--Gregory Ducot (acting), (F ST), Suite 500, 353-
            4784.
          Money Laundering and Asset Recovery.--Deborah Connor (Bond), 
            Suite 10100, 616-2886.
          Narcotic and Dangerous Drug.--Arthur Wyatt (2CON), Room 
            2E.200, 307-2382.
          Organized Crime and Gangs.--David Jaffe (1301 NYA), Suite 700, 
            514-0865.
          Overseas Prosecutorial Development, Assistance and Training.--
            Faye Ehrenstamm (F ST), Suite 700, 514-1437.

[[Page 668]]

          Policy and Legislation.--Jonathan Wroblewski (RFK), Room 1744, 
            514-4730.
          Public Integrity.--Corey Amundson (F ST), Suite 300, 598-2253.

                      DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION

   Lincoln Place-1 (East), 600 Army-Navy Drive, Arlington, VA 22202 (LP-
                                   1)

   Lincoln Place-2 (West), 700 Army-Navy Drive, Arlington, VA 22202 (LP-
                                   2)

 Administrator.--Timothy J. Shea (acting), (202) 307-8000.
     Chief of Staff.--Robyn L. Thiemann, 307-6755.
     Principal Deputy Administrator.--Preston L. Grubbs, 307-7345.
     Equal Employment Opportunity Officer.--Michele C. Daly, 307-6337.
     Executive Assistants: Vacant.
     Chief, Congressional and Public Affairs.--Dawn Dearden, 307-7363.
     Section Chiefs:
          Electronic and Internal Communications.--Michael Shavers, 307-
            2402.
          Congressional Affairs.--Katie A. Laughery, 307-4899.
          Community Outreach and Prevention Support.--Sean T. Fearns, 
            307-3479.
          National Media Affairs.--Mary Brandenberger, 307-1650.
          Intergovernmental Affairs.--Sean Mitchell, 307-1650.
     Chief Counsel.--Dayle Elieson, 307-7322.
     Deputy Chief Counsel.--Robert C. Gleason, 307-8083.
     Chief, Office of Administrative Law Judges.--John Mulrooney, 307-
        8188.

                      FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT DIVISION

 Chief Financial Officer.--Jeffrey Sutton, Room W-12138, 307-7330.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator for--
          Acquisition Management.--Jeffrey Saylor, 307-7777.
          Finance.--Daniel Gillette, Room E-7397, 307-7001.
          Resource Management.--Brian Horn, Room E-5156, 307-4800.
          Administration.--Renaldo Prillman, Room W-9088, 307-7703.
     Associate Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Acquisition Management.--Kevin Dupuis, Room E-8193, 598-8192.
          Administration.--Tracy Rozier, Room W-9082, 307-1795.
          Finance.--Jeff Rashap, Room E-7395, 598-8870.
          Resource Management.--Stephan Faherty, Room E-5288, 307-4009.
     Section Chiefs:
          Acquisition Management.--Nanaesi Amoo, Room E-8359, 307-7801.
          Controls and Coordination.--Bryan Parks, Room E-5384, 307-
            5276.
          Cost Analysis.--Ashley Dalton, Room E-5334, 307-9361.
          Financial Integrity.--Angela Ivy, Room E-7331, 307-5459.
          Financial Operations.--Daanish Ahmed, Room E-7165, 307-7270.
          Financial Policy.--Claire Hutchins, Room E-7377, 307-7064.
          Financial Reports.--Sherri Woodle, Room E-7297, 307-7040.
          Financial Systems.--Andrew Kenny, Room E-8001, 307-7215.
          Organization and Staffing Management.--Jason Dolan, Room E-
            5284, 305-7097.
          Policy.--Carol S. Burger, Room E-8161, 307-4732.
          Program Liaison and Analysis.--Joshua Ginsburg, Room E-5003-
            17, 307-9361.
          Statistical Services.--Gamaliel Rose, Room E-5332, 307-8276.
          Transportation and Relocation.--Christopher Booker, Room E-
            8045, 307-7835.

                         HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator.--Sharyn J. Saunders, 307-4487.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator for Human Resources.--Amanda Voight, 
        Room W-3166, 307-4993.
     Section Chiefs:
          Compensation and Benefits.--John Christie, Room W-3126, 307-
            6487.
          HR Information Systems.--Isaiah Barnwell, Room W-3240, 307-
            7576.
          HR Policy.--Janet McMichael, Room W-3114, 307-4050.
          HR Processing.--Debra Henderson, Room W-3058, 307-1219.
          Suitability.--Pat Murphy, Room W-9171-17, 307-4058.
     Career Board Executive Secretary.--Lawyer Wilson, Room W-2270 (202) 
        353-1552.

[[Page 669]]

     Chair, Board of Professional Conduct.--Kenneth M. Ludwig, Room E-
        9355, 598-8864.
     Special Agent-in-Charge, Office of Training.--William J.C. Matthews 
        (acting), 2500 Investigation Parkway, DEA Academy, Quantico, VA 
        22135 (703) 632-5010.
     Assistant Special Agents-in-Charge:
          Criminal--Diversion and Intelligence Training Section.--Karen 
            Dorough (703) 632-5343.
          Domestic Training Section.--Jason Alznauer (703) 632-5181.
          International and Personnel Recovery Training Section.--Brian 
            Townsend (703) 632-5399.
          Policy and Learning Development Section.--John F. Niece (703) 
            632-5141.
          Specialized Training Section.--Justin May (703) 632-5110.

                           INSPECTIONS DIVISION

 Chief Inspector.--Kevin ``Scott'' McRory, Room W-12042A, 353-1032.
     Deputy Chief Inspector, Office of:
          Inspections.--Jeff Walsh, Room W-4250, 307-6748.
          Professional Responsibility.--Gary Owen, Room W-4080, 307-
            6747.
          Security Programs.--Sean Vereault, Room W-2350, 307-5399.

                          INTELLIGENCE DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator.--Paul Knierim, Room W-12036-A, 307-3607.
     Director / Special Agent-in-Charge, El Paso Intelligence Center.--
        James R. Reed (acting), Building 11339, SSG Sims Street, El 
        Paso, TX 79908-8098 (915) 760-2011.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Intelligence.--Steven M. 
        Towne, Room W-12036-C, 307-3607.
     Executive Assistant.--Carrie Thompson, 307-3607.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Intelligence Programs.--Arthur A. Doty, Merrifield, VA (571) 
            362-0802.
          National Security Intelligence.--Cheryl E. Hooper (acting), 
            307-6101.
          OCDETF Fusion Center.--Jon S. Pickette (571) 362-5210.
          Special Intelligence.--James Schrant, Merrifield, VA (571) 
            362-0913.
     Section Chiefs:
          Analysis and Production.--Lidia Lipsey, 307-8108.
          Data Management.--William Barlow (571) 362-0762.
          Document and Media Exploitation.--Jim Wink (571) 362-0927.
          Field Support.--Arlyn Brunet, 307-6424.
          Indicator Programs.--Benjamin C. Sanborn, 307-4358.
          Intelligence Community Integration.--Gregg Lindskoog, 307-
            6644.
          Investigative Support.--Christopher Wojciechowski (703) 488-
            4246.
          Operations Support.--Daniel Palewicz (acting), (571) 362-0890.
          Program Management and Budget.--Demetrice Crumley, 307-7534.
          Requirements and Collection.--Gregg Lindskoog (acting), 307-
            6644.
          Strategic Intelligence.--Jacquelyn Mazza, 353-1224.
          Technical Support.--Kurt Lund, 307-3651.

                           OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Chief of Operations.--D. Christopher Evans, Room W-12050, 307-7339.
     Chief of:
          Domestic Operations.--Michael T. DellaCorte, Room W-11148, 
            353-1164.
          Foreign Operations.--Miguel Rivera, Jr. (acting), Room W-
            11024, 307-8696.
          Operations Management.--Timothy A. Jennings, Room W-11148, 
            353-1164.
     Special Agent-in-Charge, Special Operations Division.--Wendy C. 
        Woolcock, Chantilly, VA (703) 488-4200.

                        DIVERSION CONTROL DIVISION

 Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control.--Tim 
    McDermott (acting), Crystal City, 598-2605.

                       OPERATIONAL SUPPORT DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator.--Timothy J. Plancon, Room W-12142 (571) 362-
    1650.

[[Page 670]]

     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Forensic Sciences.--Nelson Santos, Room W-7342, 307-8866.
          Information Systems.--Maura Quinn, Crystal City, 307-3653.
          Investigative Technology.--Fred Smith, Lorton, VA (703) 495-
            6501.
     Special Agent-in-Charge, Aviation Division.--Gary W. Hill, Fort 
        Worth, TX (817) 837-2000.
     Associate Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Forensic Sciences: David W. Love, W-7338, 353-1297; Scott 
            Oulton, Room W-7344, 307-8866.
          Information Systems: Jack Baxter, Sterling Park (571) 362-
            0108; Michelle Bower, Crystal City (571) 362-7924; Daniel 
            Tovar, Crystal City (571) 362-4291.
     Section Chiefs:
          Administrative Support Section.--Marcia Fisher, Lorton, VA 
            (703) 495-6523.
          Administrative Support and Financial Management.--Stephen E. 
            Wasem, Room W-7310, 307-7206.
          Audio / Video Surveillance Section.--Dwayne Bareng (acting), 
            Lorton, VA (703) 495-6583.
          Business Program Management.--Millie Tyler, Crystal City (571) 
            362-7977.
          Communication and Polygraph Support.--Mary Toomey, Lorton, VA 
            (703) 495-6719.    
          Core Enterprise Facility Transformation.--John Bowman, 
            Sterling Park (571) 362-5646.    
          Cyber Support.--Gabriel O. Bewley, W-5018, 353-1587.
          Cybersecurity Services.--Carlos R. Perez, Crystal City (571) 
            362-0333.
          Diversion IT.--Anna Pacula, Crystal City (571) 362-0101.
          Finance and Administration.--Evelyn Wideman, Crystal City 
            (571) 362-7929.
          Forensic Sciences Instruction.--David G. Boyd, Quantico, VA 
            (703) 632-5316.
          Environmental Management.--Ronald A. Leadore, Room W-7118-6, 
            307-9501.
          Engineering and Integration.--Timothy Bilbro, Sterling Park 
            (571) 362-0102.
          IT Field Services.--Tom Schlauch, Crystal City (571) 362-0431.
          Laboratory Management and Operations.--Lance Kvetko, Room W-
            7312, 307-8880.
          OCDETF Fusion Center IT Support.--Gisele Gatjanis, Merrifield, 
            VA (571) 362-7107.
          Software Engineering and Data Standardization.--Brad Shepherd, 
            Merrifield, VA (571) 362-0900.
          Software Operations.--Deborah Roberts, Crystal City (571) 362-
            8078.
          Technology Officer.--Alex Smith, Crystal City (571) 362-4328.
          Technology Support.--Edgar Remspecher, Jr., Lorton, VA (703) 
            495-6601.
          Telecommunications / Intercept Support.--Joseph Muenchow, 
            Lorton, VA (703) 495-6727.
          Tracking and Signal Section.--Richard Rosa, Lorton, VA (703) 
            495-6574.

                              FIELD OFFICES

 Special Agents-in-Charge:

     Atlanta Division.--Robert Murphy, 75 Ted Turner Drive, SW., Room 
        800, Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 893-7100.

     Caribbean Division.--Apolonio J. Collazo, Jr., Metro Office Park, 
        Millennium Park Plaza #15, 2nd Street, Suite 710, Guaynabo, PR 
        00968 (787) 277-4700.

     Chicago Division.--Robert Bell, John C. Kluczynski Federal 
        Building, 230 South Dearborn Street, Suite 1200, Chicago, IL 
        60604 (312) 353-7875.

     Dallas Division.--Clyde E. Shelley, Jr., 10160 Technology Boulevard 
        East, Dallas, TX 75220 (214) 366-6900.

     Denver Division.--Vacant, 12154 East Easter Avenue, Centennial, CO 
        80112-6740 (720) 895-4040.

     Detroit Division.--Keith Martin, 431 Howard Street, Detroit, MI 
        48226 (313) 234-4000.

     El Paso Division.--Kyle Williamson, 660 Mesa Hills Drive, Suite 
        2000, El Paso, TX 79912 (915) 832-6000.

     Houston Division.--William R. Glaspy, 1433 West Loop South, Suite 
        600, Houston, TX 77027-9506 (713) 693-3000.

     Louisville Division.--Karen Flowers, 1006 Federal Building, 600 
        Martin Luther King Place, Louisville, KY 40202.

     Los Angeles Division.--William Bodner, 255 East Temple Street, 17th 
        Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90012 (213) 621-6700.

     Miami Division.--Adolphus P. Wright, 2100 North Commerce Parkway, 
        Weston, FL 33326 (954) 660-4500.

     New England Division.--Brian D. Boyle, JFK Federal Building, 15 New 
        Sudbury Street, Room E-400, Boston, MA 02203 (617) 557-2100.


[[Page 671]]


     New Jersey Division.--Susan Gibson, 80 Mulberry Street, 2nd Floor, 
        Newark, NJ 07102-4206 (973) 776-1200.

     New Orleans Division.--Bradford Byerley, 3 Lakeway Center, 3838 
        North Causeway Boulevard, Suite 1800, Metaire, LA 70002 (504) 
        840-1100.

     New York Division.--Raymond Donovan, 99 10th Avenue, New York, NY 
        10011 (212) 337-3900.

     Omaha Division.--Richard W. Salter, Jr., 2707 North 108th Street, 
        Suite D-201, Omaha, NE 68167 (402) 965-3600.

     Philadelphia Division.--Jonathan Wilson, William J. Green Federal 
        Building, 600 Arch Street, Room 10224, Philadelphia, PA 19106 
        (215) 861-3474.

     Phoenix Division.--Douglas W. Coleman, Westmount Place, 3010 North 
        Second Street, Suite 100, Phoenix, AZ 85012 (602) 664-5600.

     San Diego Division.--John Callery, 4560 Viewridge Avenue, San 
        Diego, CA 92123-1672 (858) 616-4100.

     San Francisco Division.--Daniel Comeaux, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 
        14th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94102 (415) 436-7900.

     Seattle Division.--Keith R. Weis, 300 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1300, 
        Seattle, WA 98104-2398 (206) 553-5443.

     St. Louis Division.--William J. Callahan III, 317 South 16th 
        Street, St. Louis, MO 63103 (314) 538-4600.

     Washington, DC Division.--Jesse Fong, 800 K Street, NW., Suite 500, 
        Washington, DC 20001 (202) 305-8500.

                            OTHER DEA OFFICES

 Special Agents-in-Charge:
      James A. Reed, El Paso Intelligence Center, Building 11339, SSG 
        Sims Street, El Paso, TX 79908 (915) 760-2011.
      Gary W. Hill, Aviation Operations Division, 2300 Horizon Drive, 
        Fort Worth, TX 76177 (817) 837-2000.
      Wendy C. Woolcock, Special Operations Division, 14560 Avion 
        Parkway, Chantilly, VA 20151 (703) 488-4200.
      William J. C. Matthews (acting), Office of Training, P.O. Box 
        1475, Quantico, VA 22134 (703) 632-5010.

                             FOREIGN OFFICES

 Ankara, Turkey: American Embassy Ankara, DEA / Justice, PSC 93, Box 
    5000, APO AE 09823-5000, 9-011-90-312-468-6136.

 Asuncion, Paraguay: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Asuncion, Unit 
    4740, APO AA 34036, 9-011-595-21-210-738.

 Athens, Greece: American Embassy Athens, DEA / Justice, Unit 7100, Box 
    14, DPO AE 09842, 9-011-30-210-720-2490.

 Bangkok, Thailand: American Embassy, DEA / Justice, Unit 46164, Box 49, 
    APO AP 96546-6164, 9-011-662-205-4984.

 Beijing, China: American Embassy Beijing, DEA / Justice, Unit 7300, Box 
    0255, DPO AP 96521, 9-011-8610-8531-4928.

 Belmopan, Belize: American Embassy Belmopan, DEA / Justice, Unit 3050, 
    DPO AA 34025, 301-985-9387.

 Bern, Switzerland: Department of State, DEA / Justice, 5110 Bern Place, 
    Washington, DC 20521-5110, 9-011-41-31-357-7367.

 Bogota, Colombia: American Embassy Bogota, DEA / Justice, Unit 5116, 
    APO AA 34038, 9-011-571-315-2121.

 Brasilia, Brazil: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Brasilia, Unit 7500, 
    DPO AA 34030, 9-011-55-61-3312-7158.

 Bridgetown, Barbados: American Embassy Bridgetown, DEA / Justice, DPO 
    AA 34055, 9-1-246-227-4171.

 Brussels, Belgium: American Embassy Brussels, DEA / Justice, Unit 7600, 
    Box 1700, DPO AE 09710, 9-011-32-2-811-4589.


[[Page 672]]


 Buenos Aires, Argentina: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Buenos Aires, 
    Unit 4309, APO AA 34034, 9-011-5411-5777-4696.

 Cairo, Egypt: American Embassy Cairo, DEA / Justice, Unit 64900, Box 
    25, APO AE 09839-4900, 9-011-20-2-2797-2461.

 Canberra, Australia: American Embassy Canberra, DEA / Justice, APO AP 
    96549, 9-011-61-2-6214-5903.

 Caracas, Venezuela: American Embassy Caracas, DEA / Justice, Unit 4962, 
    APO AA 34037, 9-011-582-212-975-8380 / 8443 / 8407.

 Cartagena, Resident Office: American Embassy, DEA Cartagena, Unit 5141, 
    APO AA 34038, 9-011-575-664-9369.

 Chiang-Mai, Resident Office: American Embassy Chiang-Mai, Unit 46220, 
    Box C, APO AP 96546, 9-011-66-53-908-910.

 Ciudad, Resident Office: U.S. Consulate / Ciudad Juarez Resident 
    Office, P.O. Box 17000, El Paso, TX 79917, 9-011-52-656-227-3409.

 Cochabamba, Resident Office: Unit 3220, Box 211, APO AA 34032, 9-011-
    591-4-429-3320.

 Copenhagen, Denmark: American Embassy Copenhagen, DEA / Justice, Unit 
    5280, DPO AE 09716, 9-011-45-3341-7289.

 Curacao, Netherlands Antilles: American Consulate Curacao, DEA / 
    Justice, Washington, DC 20521, 9-011-5999-461-6985.

 Dubai, United Arab Emirates: U.S. Consulate General, DEA / Justice, 
    6020 Dubai Place, Dulles, VA 20189-6020, 9-011-971-4-309-4929.

 Dushanbe, Tajikistan: American Embassy Dushanbe, DEA / Justice, Drug 
    Enforcement Administration, 7090 Dushanbe Place, Dulles, VA 20189-
    7090, 9-011-992-37-229-2812.

 Frankfurt, Resident Office: American Consulate General Frankfurt, DEA / 
    Justice, Unit 7900, Box 1600, DPO AE 09213-0115, 9-011-49-69-7535-
    3770.

 Freeport, Bahamas Resident Office: GPS, c/o U.S. Embassy, DEA, 5115 
    Northwest 17th Terrace, Hanger #39A, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309, 9-1-
    242-352-5353 / 5354.

 Guadalajara, Resident Office: DEA, Guadalajara Resident Office, P.O. 
    Box 9001, Brownsville, TX 78520, 9-011-52-33-3268-2191.

 Guatemala City, Guatemala: American Embassy Guatemala City, DEA / 
    Justice, Unit 3190, DPO AA 34024, 9-301-985-9311.

 Guayaquil, Resident Office: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Guayaquil, 
    Unit 5350, APO AA, 34039, 9-011-593-42-32-3715.

 The Hague, Netherlands: American Embassy The Hague, DEA / Justice, Unit 
    6707, Box 8, APO AE 09715, 9-011-31-70-310-2327.

 Hanoi, Vietnam: American Embassy Hanoi, DEA / Justice, Unit 45500, Box 
    3069, DPO AP 96504-3069, 9-011-8424-3850-5153.

 Hermosillo, Resident Office: U.S. Consulate-Hermosillo, P.O. Box 1689, 
    Nogales, AZ 85628-1689, 9-011-52-662-289-3550.

 Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR): U.S. Consulate General 
    DEA / Justice, Unit 8000, DPO AP 96521, 9-011-852-2521-4536.

 Islamabad, Pakistan Country Office: DEA / Justice, American Embassy 
    Islamabad, 8100 Islamabad Place, Washington, DC 20521-8100, 9-011-
    92-51-201-4000 (Embassy).

 Istanbul, Turkey Resident Office: American Consulate General, DEA / 
    Justice, Unit 5030, Box 0016, DPO AE 09827, 9-011-90-212-335-9179.

 Kabul, Afghanistan Country Office: DEA / Justice, American Embassy 
    Kabul, Unit 6180, Box 0062, DPO AE 09806-0062, 301-490-1042.

 Kingston, Jamaica Country Office: U.S. Embassy Kingston, 30 Munroe 
    Road, Kingston 6, Jamaica, 9-1-876-702-6004.

 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Country Office: American Embassy Kuala Lumpur, 
    DEA / Justice, DPO AP 96535-1900, 9-011-603-2168-4957.

 Lagos, Nigeria: Department of State, DEA / Justice, 8300 Lagos Place, 
    Washington, DC 20521-8300, 9-011-234-1-460-3440.

 La Paz, Bolivia: American Embassy La Paz, DEA / Justice, Unit 3220, DPO 
    AA 34032, 9-011-591-2-216-8313.

 Lima, Peru: American Embassy Lima, DEA / Justice, Unit 3230, DPO AA 
    34031, 9-011-511-618-2475.

 London, England: American Embassy London, DEA / Justice, Unit 8400, DPO 
    AE 09498-4008, 9-011-44-207-894-0826.


[[Page 673]]


 Madrid, Spain: American Embassy Madrid, DEA / Justice, Unit 8500, Box 
    0014, DPO AE 09642-8500, 9-011-34-91-587-2280.

 Managua, Nicaragua: DEA, American Embassy Nicaragua, 3240 Managua 
    Place, Washington, DC 20521-3240, 9-011-505-252-7217.

 Manila, Philippines: American Embassy Manila, DEA / Justice, Unit 8600, 
    Box 1580, DPO AP 96515-1580, 9-011-632-301-2084.

 Matamoros, Mexico Resident Office: Matamoros DEA, P.O. Box 9004, 
    Brownsville, TX 78501, 9-011-52-868-149-1285.

 Mazatlan, Resident Office: DEA, Mazatlan Resident Office, P.O. Box 
    9006, Brownsville, TX 78520-0906, 9-011-52-669-982-1775.

 Merida, Mexico: U.S. Consulate-Merida, P.O. Box 9003, Brownsville, TX 
    78520-0903, 9-011-52-999-942-5738.

 Mexico City, Mexico: : DEA / Justice, U.S. Embassy Mexico City, P.O. 
    Box 9000, Brownsville, TX 78520, 9-011-52-55-5080-2600.

 Milan, Resident Office: American Consulate Milan, DEA / Justice, PSC 
    833, Box 60-M, FPO AE 09624, 9-011-39-02-2903-5422.

 Monterrey, Resident Office: U.S. Consulate General, Monterrey Resident 
    Office, P.O. Box 9002, Brownsville, TX 78520-0902, 9-011-5281-8340-
    1299.

 Moscow, Russia: American Embassy Moscow, DEA / Justice, 5430 Moscow 
    Place, Washington, DC 20521-5430, 9-011-7-495-728-5218.

 Nassau: Nassau Country Office, DEA / Justice, American Embassy Nassau, 
    3370 Nassau Place, Dulles, VA 20189, 9-1-242-322-1700.

 New Delhi, India: American Embassy New Delhi, Department of State, 9000 
    New Delhi Place, Washington, DC 20521, 9-011-91-11-2419-8046.

 Nicosia, Cyprus: American Embassy Nicosia, DEA / Justice, Unit 5450, 
    Box 1, DPO AE 09836-0001, 9-011-357-22-393-565.

 Nuevo Laredo, Mexico: DEA, Nuevo Laredo Resident Office, P.O. Box 3089, 
    Laredo, TX 78044-3089, 9-011-52-867-714-0512.

 Ottawa, Canada: American Embassy Ottawa, DEA / Justice, P.O. Box 35, 
    Ogdensburg, New York 13669, 9-1-613-238-5633.

 Panama City, Panama: American Embassy Panama, DEA / Justice, 9100 
    Panama City Place, Washington, DC 20521-9100, 9-011-507-317-5541.

 Paramaribo, Suriname: American Embassy Paramaribo, DEA / Justice, 3390 
    Paramaribo Place, Dulles, VA 20189-3390, 301-985-8693.

 Paris, France: American Embassy Paris, DEA / Justice, Unit 9200 APO AE 
    09777, 9-011-33-1-4312-2732.

 Peshawar, Pakistan: American Consulate Peshawar, DEA / Justice, Unit 
    62217, APO AE 09812-2217, 9-011-92-91-584-0424 / 0425.

 Port-au-Prince, Haiti: U.S. Department of State, DEA, 3400 Port-au-
    Prince, Washington, DC 20521, 9-011-509-2-229-8413.

 Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago: Department of State, DEA / Justice, 
    Port of Spain Country Office, 3410 Port of Spain Place, Dulles, VA 
    20189, 9-1-868-628-8136.

 Pretoria, South Africa: American Embassy Pretoria, Department of State, 
    DEA / Justice, 9300 Pretoria Place, Washington, DC 20189, 9-011-27-
    10-141-2403.

 Quito, Ecuador: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Quito, Unit 5338, APO 
    AA 34039, 9-011-593-22-231-547.

 Rangoon, Burma: American Embassy Rangoon, DEA / Justice, Box B, APO AP 
    96546, 9-011-95-1-536-509.

 Rome, Italy: American Embassy Rome, DEA / Justice, Unit 9500, Box 22, 
    DPO AE 09624, 9-011-39-06-4674-2225.

 San Jose, Costa Rica: American Embassy San Jose, DEA / Justice, Unit 
    3440, Box 376, APO AA 34020-0376, 9-011-506-22-20-2433.

 San Salvador, El Salvador: American Embassy San Salvador, DEA / 
    Justice, 3450 San Salvador Place, Washington, DC 20521-3450, 9-011-
    503-2501-2582.

 Santa Cruz, Resident Office: DEA / Justice, American Embassy, Unit 3913 
    (Santa Cruz), APO AA 34032, 9-011-591-332-7153.

 Santiago, Chile: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Santiago, Unit 3460, 
    Box 20, DPO AA34033, 9-011-56-2-330-3401.

 Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic: American Embassy Santo Domingo, DEA 
    / Justice, Unit 3470, DPO AA 34041, 9-1-809-368-7475.


[[Page 674]]


 Sao Paulo, Resident Office: DEA / Justice, U.S. Consulate Sao Paulo, 
    3110 Sao Paulo Place, Dulles, VA 20189-3110, 301-985-9364.

 Seoul, Korea: American Embassy Seoul, DEA / Justice, 9600 Seoul Place, 
    Washington, DC 20521-9600, 9-011-82-2-397-4260.

 Singapore: American Embassy Singapore, Unit 4280, Box #30, FPO AP 
    96507-90030, 9-011-65-6476-9021.

 Tashkent: Uzbekistan Country Office, DEA / Justice, 7110 Tashkent 
    Place, Washington, DC 20521, 9-011-998-371-120-8924.

 Tegucigalpa, Honduras: American Embassy Tegucigalpa, Tegucigalpa 
    Country Office, Unit 3480, Box 212, DPO AA 34022, 301-985-9321.

 Tijuana, Resident Office: DEA, Tijuana Resident Office, P.O. 439039, 
    San Diego, CA 92143-9039, 9-011-619-407-7802.

 Tokyo, Japan: American Embassy Tokyo, DEA / Justice, 9800 Tokyo Place, 
    Washington, DC 20521-9800, 9-011-81-3-3224-5452.

 Trinidad, Bolivia Resident Office: American Embassy La Paz, DEA / 
    Justice, Unit 3220 TRO, DPO AA 34032, 301-985-9398.

 Udorn, Thailand Resident Office: American Embassy (Udorn), Unit 46218, 
    DPO AP 96546, 9-011-66-42-248-1666.

 Vancouver Resident Office: DEA ConGen Vancouver, 701 Harrison Avenue, 
    Unit 8200, Blaine, WA 98231, 9-1-604-694-7710.

 Vienna, Austria: Vienna Country Office, DEA / Justice, American 
    Embassy, Unit 9900, Box 0013, DPO AE 09701, 9-011-43-1-31339-7551.

 Vientiane, Laos: American Embassy Vientiane, DEA / Justice, Unit 8165, 
    Box V, APO AP 96546, 9-011-856-21-219-565.

 Warsaw, Poland Country Office: DEA / Justice, American Embassy Warsaw, 
    Unit 5010, DPO AE 09730-5010, 9-011-48-22-504-2043.

                ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   150 M Street, NE., 4 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (4CON)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Jeffrey B. Clark, Room 2143 (202) 514-
    2701.

     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General (PDAAG).--Jonathan 
        Brightbill, Room 2603, 514-2766.

     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General (DAAG): Bruce Gelber, Room 2609, 
        514-4624; Eric Grant, Room 2611, 514-0943; Lawrence VanDyke, 
        Room 2607, 305-0312; Jean Williams, Room 2135, 305-0228.

     Counsel / Chief of Staff.--Corinne Snow, Room 2133, 514-3370.

     Executive Officer.--Andrew Collier (4CON), Room 2.1142, 616-3147.

     Section Chiefs:

          Appellate.--James C. Kilbourne (RFK), Room 2339, 514-2748.

          Environmental Crimes.--Deborah Harris (4CON), Room 4.202, 305-
            0347.

          Environmental Defense.--Letitia J. Grishaw (4CON), Room 
            4.1102, 514-2219.

          Environmental Enforcement.--Tom Mariani (4CON), Room 6.202, 
            514-4620.

          Indian Resources.--Craig Alexander (4CON), Room 3.1142, 514-
            9080.

          Land Acquisition.--Andrew Goldfrank (4CON), Room 5.202, 305-
            0316.

          Law and Policy.--Karen Wardzinski (RFK), Room 2613, 514-0474.

          Natural Resources.--Lisa Russell (4CON), Room 3.202, 305-0438.

          Wildlife and Marine Resources.--Seth Barsky (4CON), Room 
            3.1102, 305-0210.

              EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW (EOIR)

          5107 Leesburg Pike, Suite 2600, Falls Church, VA 22041

 Director.--James R. McHenry, 2600 SKYT (703) 305-0169.

     Deputy Director.--Sirce E. Owen (acting).

     Chief of Staff.--Kathryn D. Sheehey.

     Senior Counsel to the Director.--Dimple Gupta.


[[Page 675]]


     Counsel to the Deputy Director.--Daniel Swanwick.

     Executive Secretariat.--Sheaya Thomas.

     General Counsel.--Jill Anderson (acting), 2644 SKYT, 305-0470.

     Deputy General Counsel.--Jill Anderson.

     Chairman, Board of Immigration Appeals.--David L. Neal, 2300 SKYT, 
        305-1194.

     Vice Chairman, Board of Immigration Appeals.--Charles Adkins-
        Blanch.

     Chief Judge, Office of the Chief Immigration Judge.--Christopher A. 
        Santoro (acting), 2401 SKYT, 305-1247.

     Deputy Chief Immigration Judges: Christopher A. Santoro 
        (Principal), Mary Cheng, R. Print Maggard.

     Chief, Office of the Chief Administrative Hearing Officer.--Robin 
        M. Stutman, 2500 SKYT, 305-0864.

     Counsel to the Chief Administrative Hearing Officer.--Elizabeth 
        Vayo.

     Assistant Director of Administration.--Lisa Ward, 1900 SKYT, 605-
        1730.

     Deputy Assistant Directors of Administration: James McDaniel, 
        Michael Porter.

     Assistant Director for Policy.--Lauren Alder Reid, 2616 SKYT, 305-
        0701.

     Chief Information Officer, Information Technology.--Edward P. So, 
        970 SKY6, 605-6933.

     Deputy Chief Information Officer, Information Technology.--Craig 
        Hegermann.

     Telephone Directory Coordinator.--Annette Thomas, 970 SKY6, 605-
        1336.

           EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS (EOUSA)

    950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 2245, Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   175 N Street, NE., 3 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (3CON)

   National Advocacy Center, 1620 Pendleton Street, Columbia, SC 29201 
                                  (NAC)

               Office of the Director, phone (202) 252-1300

 Director, Office of the Director.--Corey F. Ellis (acting), (RFK), Room 
    2243.

     Principal Deputy Director, Office of the Director.--Norman Wong 
        (RFK), Room 2246.

     Deputy Director and Chief of Staff, Office of the Director.--
        Suzanne L. Bell (RFK), Room 2244.

     Administrative Operations Liaison, Office of the Director.--Joy 
        Smith (3CON), Room 6.208, 252-5553.

     Attorney General's Advisory Committee (AGAC) Liaison and USA 
        Nominations Coordinator, Office of the Director.--Karen 
        Winzenburg (RFK), Room 2248, 252-1374.

     Victims' Rights Ombudsman, Office of the Director.--Marie O'Rourke 
        (RFK), Room 2260, 252-1317.

     Chief Learning Officer, Office of Legal Education (OLE).--Mark 
        Yancey (NAC), (803) 705-5162.

     General Counsel, General Counsel's Office.--Jay Macklin (3CON), 
        Room 5.202, 252-1600.

     Assistant Directors:

          Asset Recovery Staff, Legal Programs Staff.--Mark Redmiles 
            (3CON), Room 4.206, 252-5879.

          Data Integrity and Analysis, Legal Programs Staff.--Will 
            Turner (3CON), Room 4.133, 252-5571.

          Equal Employment Opportunity Staff.--Julie Lu (3CON), Room 
            5.132.

          Evaluation and Review Staff.--Richard Durbin (3CON), Room 
            5.800 (210) 384-7430.

          FOIA and Privacy Act Staff.--Kevin Krebs (3CON), Room 5.220, 
            252-6020.

          Strategic Communications Staff.--David Ausiello (RFK), Room 
            2523, 252-5985.

          Indian, Violent and Cyber Crimes Staff, Legal Programs 
            Staff.--John Kuhn (acting), (3CON), Room 4.109, 252-5870.

     Chief, Legal Initiatives, Legal Programs Staff.--David Smith 
        (3CON), Room 4.208, 252-1326.

     Assistant Director, Victim Witness Staff, Legal Programs Staff.--
        Kristina Neal (3CON), Room 4.204, 252-5833.

     Chief, Legal Programs Staff.--Tammy Reno (3CON), Room 4.1302, 252-
        5877.

     Assistant Director, Audit and Review, Resource Management and 
        Planning.--Louisa McCarter-Dadzie (3CON), Room 6.101, 252-5624.

     Assistant Director, Budget Execution, Resource Management and 
        Planning.--Dorjan Short (3CON), 252-5627.


[[Page 676]]


     Chief Financial Officer.--Jonathan Pelletier (3CON), Room 6.202, 
        252-5628.

     Assistant Director, Acquisitions Staff.--Stephanie Girard (3CON), 
        Room 6.1316, 252-5407.

     Assistant Director, Facilities and Support Services Staff.--Ana 
        Indovina (3CON), Room 6.222, 252-5964.

     Chief Information Officer.--Mark Fleshman (3CON), Room 3.202, 252-
        6246.

     Assistant Directors:

          Case Management Staff.--Siobhan Sperin (3CON), Room 3.222, 
            252-6120.

          Enterprise Voice over IP (EVoIP).--Joe Pfeifer (3CON), Room 
            3.1328, 252-4468.

          Information Systems Security Staff.--Gregory Hall (3CON), Room 
            3.139, 252-6090.

          Office Automation Staff.--Glenn Shrieves (3CON), Room 2.202, 
            252-6281.

          Records and Information Management Staff.--Siobhan Sperin 
            (acting), (3CON), Room 3.222, 252-6120.

          Telecommunications and Technology Development Staff.--Joe 
            Pfeifer (acting), (3CON), Room 2.133, 252-6430.

     Managing Attorney, Litigation Technology Service Center.--Marc 
        Fulkert, ITEC (NAC), (803) 705-5422.

     Chief Human Resources Officer.--Shawn Flinn (3CON), Room 7.202, 
        252-5310.

     Administrator, Employee Assistance Program.--Ed Neunlist (3CON), 
        Room 5.701, 252-5455.

     Assistant Director, Policy and Special Programs Division, Personnel 
        Staff.--Valerie Mulcahy (3CON), Room 7.1302, 252-5357.

     Assistant Director, Operations Division, Personnel Staff.--Jewel 
        Campos (3CON), Room 7.208, 252-5355.

     Chief, Emergency Management, Security and Emergency Management 
        Staff.--James McAtamney (3CON), Room 2.406, 252-5749.

     Assistant Director, Security and Emergency Management Staff.--
        Timothy George (3CON), Room 2.1302, 252-5694.

                EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR UNITED STATES TRUSTEES

                  441 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530

                phone (202) 307-1391, https://usdoj.gov/ust

 Director.--Clifford J. White III, Suite 6150.

     Deputy Directors:

          Field Operations.--William T. Neary (acting), Suite 6150.

          General Counsel.--Ramona D. Elliott, Suite 6150, 307-1399.

          Management.--Henry Hensley, Suite 6150.

     Chief Information Officer.--Barbara A. Brown, 353-8754.

     Assistant Director, Office of:

          Administration.--Ryan A. Higgins, Suite 6150, 353-3548.

          Oversight.--Robert S. Gebhard, Suite 6150, 305-0222.

          Planning and Evaluation.--Christopher Haverstock (acting), 
            Suite 6150, 305-7827.

                              U.S. TRUSTEES

  Region I:

      Suite 1000, 5 Post Office Square, Boston, MA 02109 (617) 788-0400.

      Suite 300, 537 Congress Street, Portland, ME 04101 (207) 780-3564.

      14th Floor, Sovereign Tower Building, 446 Main, Worcester, MA 
        01608 (508) 793-0555.

      Suite 2300, 53 Pleasant Street, Concord, NH 03301 (603) 226-3949.

      Suite 431, One Exchange Terrace, Providence, RI 02903 (401) 528-
        5551.

  Region II:

      Suite 1006, U.S. Federal Building, 201 Varick Street, New York, NY 
        10014 (212) 510-0500.

      Room 620, 11A Clinton Avenue, Albany, NY 12207 (518) 434-4553.

      Suite 401, 300 Pearl Street, Buffalo, NY 14202 (716) 551-5541.

      Suite 560, Long Island Federal Courthouse, 560 Federal Plaza, 
        Central Islip, NY 11722-4456 (631) 715-7800.


[[Page 677]]


      Suite 302, 150 Court Street, New Haven, CT 06510 (203) 773-2210.

      Room 609, 100 State Street, Rochester, NY 14614 (585) 263-5812.

      Room 105, 10 Broad Street, Utica, NY 13501 (315) 793-8191.

  Region III:

      Room 229, 900 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107 (215) 597-
        4411.

      Suite 502, 200 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 597-
        4411.

      Suite 2100, One Newark Center, Newark, NJ 07102 (973) 645-3014.

      Suite 970, 1001 Liberty Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 (412) 644-
        4756.

      Suite 1190, 228 Walnut Street, Harrisburg, PA 17101 or P.O. Box 
        969, Harrisburg, PA 17108 (717) 221-4515.

      Suite 2207, 844 King Street, Wilmington, DE 19801 (302) 573-6491.

  Region IV:

      Suite 953, 1835 Assembly Street, Columbia, SC 29201 (803) 765-
        5250.

      Suite 650, 1725 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA 22314 (703) 557-7176.

      Room 625, 200 Granby Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 (757) 441-6012.

      Room 2025, 300 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 (304) 
        347-3400.

      First Campbell Square Building, 210 First Street, SW., Suite 505, 
        Roanoke, VA 24011 (540) 857-2806.

      Suite 4304, U.S. Courthouse, 701 East Broad Street, Richmond, VA 
        23219 (804) 771-2310.

      Suite 600, 6305 Ivy Lane, Greenbelt, MD 20770 (301) 344-6216.

      Suite 2625, 101 West Lombard Street, Baltimore, MD 21201 (410) 
        962-4300.

  Region V:

      Suite 2110, 400 Poydras Street, New Orleans, LA 70130 (504) 589-
        4018.

      Suite 3196, 300 Fannin Street, Shreveport, LA 71101-3099 (318) 
        676-3456.

      Suite 6-430, 501 East Court Street, Jackson, MS 39201 (601) 965-
        5241.

  Region VI:

      Room 976, 1100 Commerce Street, Dallas, TX 75242 (214) 767-8967.

      Room 300, 110 North College Avenue, Tyler, TX 75702 (903) 590-
        1450.

  Region VII:

      Suite 3516, 515 Rusk Street, Houston, TX 77002 (713) 718-4650.

      Room 230, 903 San Jacinto, Austin, TX 78701 (512) 916-5328.

      Suite 533, 615 East Houston Street, San Antonio, TX 78205 (210) 
        472-4640.

      Suite 1107, 606 North Carancahua Street, Corpus Christi, TX 78401 
        (361) 888-3261.

  Region VIII:

      Suite 400, 200 Jefferson Avenue, Memphis, TN 38103 (901) 544-3251.

      Suite 512, 601 West Broadway, Louisville, KY 40202 (502) 582-6000.

      Fourth Floor, 31 East 11th Street, Chattanooga, TN 37402 (423) 
        752-5153.

      Suite 318, 701 Broadway, Nashville, TN 37203 (615) 736-2254.

      Suite 500, 100 East Vine Street, Lexington, KY 40507 (859) 233-
        2822.

  Region IX:

      Suite 441, BP Building, 201 Superior Avenue East, Cleveland, OH 
        44114 (216) 522-7800.

      Suite 200, Schaff Building, 170 North High Street, Columbus, OH 
        43215-2403 (614) 469-7411.

      Suite 4-812, 550 Main Street, Cincinnati, OH 45202 (513) 684-6988.

      Suite 700, 211 West Fort Street, Detroit, MI 48226 (313) 226-7999.

      Suite 200R, 125 Ottawa Street, Grand Rapids, MI 49503 (616) 456-
        2002.

  Region X:

      Room 1000, 101 West Ohio Street, Indianapolis, IN 46204 (317) 226-
        6101.

      Suite 1100, 401 Main Street, Peoria, IL 61602 (309) 671-7854.

      Suite 555, 100 East Wayne Street, South Bend, IN 46601 (574) 236-
        8105.

  Region XI:

      Suite 873, 219 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 886-
        5785.

      Suite 430, 517 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53202 (414) 
        297-4499.


[[Page 678]]


      Suite 304, 780 Regent Street, Madison, WI 53715 (608) 264-5522.

  Region XII:

      Suite 2800, 111 Seventh Avenue, SE., Cedar Rapids, IA 52401 (319) 
        364-2211.

      Suite 1015, U.S. Courthouse, 300 S. Fourth Street, Minneapolis, MN 
        55415 (612) 334-1350.

      Room 793, 210 Walnut Street, Des Moines, IA 50309-2108 (515) 284-
        4982.

      Suite 303, 314 South Main Avenue, Sioux Falls, SD 57104 (605) 330-
        4450.

  Region XIII:

      Suite 3440, 400 East 9th Street, Kansas City, MO 64106-1910 (816) 
        512-1940.

      Suite 6353, 111 South 10th Street, St. Louis, MO 63102 (314) 539-
        2976.

      Suite 1200, 200 West Capitol Avenue, Little Rock, AR 72201-3344 
        (501) 324-7357.

      Suite 1148, 111 South 18th Plaza, Omaha, NE 68102 (402) 221-4300.

  Region XIV:

      Suite 204, 230 North First Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85003 (602) 682-
        2600.

  Region XV:

      Suite 3230, 880 Front Street Third Floor, San Diego, CA 92101-8511 
        (619) 557-5013.

      Suite 602, 1132 Bishop Street, Honolulu, HI 96813-2836 (808) 522-
        8150.

  Region XVI:

      Suite 1850, 915 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90017 (213) 
        894-6811.

      Suite 7160, 411 West Fourth Street, Santa Ana, CA 92701-8000 (714) 
        338-3400.

      Suite 720, 3801 University Avenue, Riverside, CA 92501 (951) 276-
        6990.

  Region XVII:

      Suite 5-0153, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 5th Floor, San Francisco, CA 
        94102 (415) 705-3300.

      Suite 7-500, U.S. Courthouse, 501 I Street, Sacramento, CA 95814-
        2322 (916) 930-2100.

      Suite 1401, 2500 Tulare Street, Fresno, CA 93721 (559) 487-5002.

      Oakland Office, Suite #05-0153, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 5th Floor, 
        San Francisco, CA 94102 (415) 252-2080.

      Room 4300, 300 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV 89101 
        (702) 388-6600.

      Suite 3009, 300 Booth Street, Reno, NV 89509 (775) 784-5335.

      Room 268, 280 South First Street, San Jose, CA 95113 (408) 535-
        5525.

  Region XVIII:

      Suite 5103, 700 Stewart Street, Seattle, WA 98101 (206) 553-2000.

      Suite 213, 620 Southwest Main Street, Portland, OR 97205 (503) 
        326-4000.

      Suite 220, 720 Park Boulevard, Boise, ID 83712 (208) 334-1300.

      Room 593, 920 West Riverside, Spokane, WA 99201 (509) 353-2999.

      Suite 204, 301 Central Avenue, Great Falls, MT 59401 (406) 761-
        8777.

      Anchorage Office, Suite 5103, 700 Stewart Street, Seattle, WA 
        98101 (206) 553-2000.

      Suite 1100, 405 East Eighth Avenue, Eugene, OR 97401 (541) 465-
        6330.

  Region XIX:

      Suite 12-200, Byron G. Rogers Federal Building, 1961 Stout Street, 
        Denver, CO 80294 (303) 312-7230.

      Suite 203, 308 West 21st Street, Cheyenne, WY 82001 (307) 772-
        2790.

      Suite 300, 405 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, UT 84111 (801) 
        524-5734.

  Region XX:

      Suite 1150, Epic Center, 301 North Main Street, Wichita, KS 67202 
        (316) 269-6637.

      Suite 112, 421 Gold Street, SW., Albuquerque, NM 87102 (505) 248-
        6544.

      Suite 408, 215 Northwest Dean A. McGee Avenue, Oklahoma City, OK 
        73102 (405) 231-5950.

      Suite 225, 224 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, OK 74103 (918) 581-
        6670.

  Region XXI:

      Suite 362, 75 Ted Turner Drive, SW., Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 331-
        4437.

      Suite 301, Edificio Ochoa, 500 Tanca Street, San Juan, PR 00901 
        (787) 729-7444.

      Suite 1204, 51 Southwest First Avenue, Miami, FL 33130 (305) 536-
        7285.


[[Page 679]]


      Suite 725, Johnson Square Business Center, 2 East Bryan Street, 
        Savannah, GA 31401 (912) 652-4112.

      Suite 1200, 501 East Polk Street, Tampa, FL 33602 (813) 228-2000.

      Suite 302, 440 Martin Luther King Boulevard, Macon, GA 31201 (478) 
        752-3544.

      Suite 128, 110 East Park Avenue, Tallahassee, FL 32301 (850) 942-
        1660.

      Suite 1101, George C. Young Federal Building and Courthouse, 400 
        West Washington Street, Orlando, FL 32801 (407) 648-6301.

                      FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

                         J. Edgar Hoover Building

          935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20535-0001

                   phone (202) 324-3000, https://fbi.gov

 Director.--Christopher A. Wray, 324-6500.
     Deputy Director.--David Bowdich, 324-3316.
     Associate Deputy Director.--Paul M. Abbate, 324-0308.
     Chief of Staff.--Paul B. Murphy, 324-6500.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Brandon Long, 324-6500.

   OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR / DEPUTY DIRECTOR / ASSOCIATE DEPUTY DIRECTOR

 Office of:
          General Counsel.--Jason A. Jones, 324-6810.
          Congressional Affairs.--Jill C. Tyson, 324-5051.
          Equal Employment Opportunity Affairs.--Vacant, 324-4128.
          Ombudsman.--Monique Bookstein, 324-2156.
          Partner Engagement.--George P. Beach II, 324-7126.
          Professional Responsibility.--L. Stuart Platt, 436-7444.
          Public Affairs.--Brian Hale, 324-5354.
     Finance and Facilities Division.--David W. Schlendorf, 324-1345.
     Information Management Division.--Arlene A. Gaylord (540) 678-7400.
     Inspection Division.--Douglas A. Leff, 324-2901.
     Resource Planning Office.--Caroline Otto, 324-2211.

                    INFORMATION AND TECHNOLOGY BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Richard Haley II, 324-3907.
     IT Applications and Data Division.--Michael T. Gavin, 323-5197.
     IT Enterprise Services Division: Kathleen T. Mills, 324-7209; 
        Dennis Rice, 323-0796.
     IT Infrastructure Division.--Dean Phillips, 324-4507.

              CRIMINAL, CYBER, RESPONSE, AND SERVICES BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Terry Wade, 324-4180.
     Assistant Director of:
          Criminal Investigative Division.--Calvin Shivers, 324-4260.
          Critical Incident Response Group.--John Selleck (703) 632-
            4100.
          Cyber Division.--Frankland ``Matt'' M. Gorham, 324-7770.
          International Operations Division.--Charles P. Spencer, 324-
            5904.
          Office of Victim Assistance.--Regina E. Thompson, 324-1339.

                          HUMAN RESOURCES BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Jeffrey Sallet, 324-3036.
     Assistant Director of:
          Human Resources Division.--Hayden Temin, 324-3514.
          Security Division.--Larissa Knapp, 203-1702.
          Training and Development Division.--Renee McDermott (703) 632-
            1100.

                         NATIONAL SECURITY BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--John A. Brown, 324-7045.

[[Page 680]]

     Assistant Director of:
          Counterintelligence Division.--Alan Kohler, 324-4614.
          Counterterrorism Division.--Jill Sanborn, 324-2770.
          Weapons of Mass Destruction Directorate.--Don Alway, 324-4985.

                      SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Darrin Jones, 324-0805.
     Assistant Director of:
          Criminal Justice Information Services Division.--Michael D. 
            DeLeon (304) 625-2700.
          Laboratory Division.--G. ``Gurvais'' Clayton Grigg (703) 632-
            7002.
          Operational Technology Division.--Brian Turner (703) 985-6010.

                           INTELLIGENCE BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Stephen C. Laycock, 324-7705.
     Assistant Director of Directorate of Intelligence.--Ryan Young, 
        324-7605.

                             FIELD DIVISIONS

 Albany: 200 McCarty Avenue, Albany, NY 12209 (518) 465-7551.
 Albuquerque: 4200 Luecking Park Avenue, NE., Albuquerque, NM 87107 
    (505) 224-2000.
 Anchorage: 101 East 6th Avenue, Anchorage, AK 99501 (907) 258-5322.
 Atlanta: 2635 Century Center Parkway, NE., Suite 400, Atlanta, GA 30345 
    (404) 679-9000.
 Baltimore: 2600 Lord Baltimore Avenue, Baltimore, MD 21244 (410) 265-
    8080.
 Birmingham: 1000 18th Street North, Birmingham, AL 35203 (205) 326-
    6166.
 Boston: 201 Maple Street, Chelsea, MA 02150 (617) 742-5533.
 Buffalo: 68-94 South Elwood Avenue, Buffalo, NY 14202 (716) 856-7800.
 Charlotte: 7915 Microsoft Way, Charlotte, NC 28273 (704) 377-9200.
 Chicago: 2111 West Roosevelt Road, Chicago, IL 60608-1128 (312) 431-
    1333.
 Cincinnati: 2012 Ronald Reagan Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45236 (513) 421-
    4310.
 Cleveland: 1501 Lakeside Avenue, Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 522-1400.
 Columbia: 151 Westpark Boulevard, Columbia, SC 29210 (803) 551-4200.
 Dallas: J. Gordon Shanklin Building, One Justice Way, Dallas, TX 75220 
    (972) 559-5000.
 Denver: Federal Office Building, 8000 East 36th Avenue, Denver, CO 
    80238 (303) 629-7171.
 Detroit: P.V. McNamara Federal Office Building, 477 Michigan Avenue, 
    26th Floor, Detroit, MI 48226 (313) 965-2323.
 El Paso: 660 South Mesa Hills Drive, Suite 3000, El Paso, TX 79912 
    (915) 832-5000.
 Honolulu: Kalanianaole Federal Office Building, 91 Enterprise Avenue, 
    Honolulu, HI 96850 (808) 566-4300.
 Houston: 1 Justice Park Drive, Houston, TX 77092 (713) 693-5000.
 Indianapolis: Federal Office Building, 8825 Nelson B Klein Parkway, 
    Indianapolis, IN 46250 (371) 639-3301.
 Jackson: Federal Office Building, 1220 Echelon Parkway, Jackson, MS 
    39213 (601) 948-5000.
 Jacksonville: 6061 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32256 (904) 721-1211.
 Kansas City: 1300 Summit, Kansas City, MO 64105 (816) 512-8200.
 Knoxville: John J. Duncan Federal Office Building, 1501 Dowell Springs 
    Boulevard, Knoxville, TN 37909 (423) 544-0751.
 Las Vegas: John Lawrence Bailey Building, 1787 West Lake Mead 
    Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV 89106-2135 (702) 385-1281.
 Little Rock: 24 Shackleford West Boulevard, Little Rock, AR 72211 (501) 
    221-9100.
 Los Angeles: Federal Office Building, 11000 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 
    1700, Los Angeles, CA 90024 (310) 477-6565.
 Louisville: 12401 Sycamore Station Place, Louisville, KY 40299 (502) 
    583-2941.
 Memphis: Eagle Crest Building, 225 North Humphreys Boulevard, Suite 
    3000, Memphis, TN 38120 (901) 747-4300.
 Miami: 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue, Miami, FL 33027 (305) 944-9101.
 Milwaukee: 3600 South Lake Drive, Milwaukee, WI 53235 (414) 276-4684.
 Minneapolis: 1501 Freeway Boulevard, Brooklyn Center, MN 55430 (612) 
    376-3200.
 Mobile: 200 North Royal Street, Mobile, AL 36602 (334) 438-3674.
 New Haven: 600 State Street, New Haven, CT 06511 (203) 777-6311.
 New Orleans: 2901 Leon C. Simon Boulevard, New Orleans, LA 70126 (504) 
    816-3122.

[[Page 681]]

 New York: 26 Federal Plaza, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10278 (212) 384-
    1000.
 Newark: Claremont Tower Building, 11 Centre Street, Newark, NJ 07102 
    (973) 792-3000.
 Norfolk: 509 Resource Road, Chesapeake Beach, VA 23320 (757) 455-0100.
 Oklahoma City: 3301 West Memorial, Oklahoma City, OK 73134 (405) 290-
    7770.
 Omaha: 4411 South 121st Court, Omaha, NE 68137 (402) 493-8688.
 Philadelphia: William J. Green, Jr. Federal Office Building, 600 Arch 
    Street, 9th Floor, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 418-4000.
 Phoenix: 21711 North 7th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85024 (602) 279-5511.
 Pittsburgh: Martha Dixon Building, 3311 East Carson Street, Pittsburgh, 
    PA 15203 (412) 432-4000.
 Portland: 9109 Northeast Cascades Parkway, Portland, OR 97220 (503) 
    224-4181.
 Richmond: 1970 East Parham Road, Richmond, VA 23228 (804) 261-1044.
 Sacramento: 2001 Freedom Way, Roseville, CA 95678 (916) 481-9110.
 Salt Lake City: 5425 West Amelia Earhart Drive, Salt Lake City, UT 
    84116 (801) 579-1400.
 San Antonio: 5740 University Heights Boulevard, San Antonio, TX 78249 
    (210) 225-6741.
 San Diego: Federal Office Building, 10385 Vista Sorrento Parkway, San 
    Diego, CA 92121 (858) 565-1255.
 San Francisco: 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 13th Floor, San Francisco, CA 
    64102 (415) 553-7400.
 San Juan: U.S. Federal Office Building, 150 Carlos East Chardon Avenue, 
    Room 526, Hato Rey, PR 00918 (787) 754-6000.
 Seattle: 1110 3rd Avenue, Seattle, WA 98101 (206) 622-0460.
 Springfield: 900 East Linton Avenue, Springfield, IL 62703 (217) 522-
    9675.
 St. Louis: 2222 Market Street, St. Louis, MO 63103 (314) 241-5357.
 Tampa: 5525 West Gray Street, Tampa, FL 33609 (813) 273-4566.
 Washington, DC: 601 4th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20535 (202) 278-
    3400.

                      FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS (BOP)

                320 First Street, NW., Washington, DC 20534

                 General Information Number (202) 307-3198

 Director.--Michael Carvajal, Room 654, HOLC, 307-3250.
     Deputy Director.--Thomas R. Kane, Room 654, HOLC, 307-3250.
     Director, National Institute of Corrections.--Vacant, 2nd Floor, 
        500 First Street, 514-4202.
     Assistant Director of:
          Administration.--Bradley T. Gross, 901 D Street, SW., 307-
            3230.
          Correctional Programs.--Andre Matevousian, Room 554, HOLC, 
            307-3226.
          Federal Prison Industries.--Patrick T. O'Connor, 8th Floor, 
            400 FRST, 305-3501.
          General Counsel.--Ken Hyle, Room 958C, HOLC, 307-3062.
          Health Services.--N. C. English, Room 454, HOLC, 307-3055.
          Human Resources Management.--L. Cristina Griffith, Room 754, 
            HOLC, 307-3082.
          Information, Policy, and Public Affairs.--Sonya D. Thompson 
            (acting), Room 670, HOLC, 514-6537.
          Program Review.--Vacant, Room 1054, HOLC, 307-1076.
     Regional Director for--
          Mid-Atlantic.--Darrin Harmon (301) 317-3101.
          North Central.--Jeffrey E. Krueger (913) 551-1000.
          Northeast.--J. Ray Ormond (215) 521-7300.
          South Central.--J. Baltazar (972) 730-8800.
          Southeast.--Jeff Keller (678) 686-1200.
          Western.--Gene Beasley (209) 956-9700.
          Telephone Directory Coordinator.--Marla Clayton, 307-3250.

                   FOREIGN CLAIMS SETTLEMENT COMMISSION

                 Government Accountability Office Building

            441 G Street, NW., Room 6232, Washington, DC 20579

                           phone (202) 616-6975

 Chair.--Vacant.
     Commissioners: Sylvia M. Becker, Patrick Hovakimian.
     Chief Counsel.--Brian M. Simkin.
     Chief Administrative Counsel.--Jeremy R. LaFrancois.


[[Page 682]]



                       OFFICE OF INFORMATION POLICY

       1425 New York Avenue, NW., Suite 11050, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-3642

 Director.--Bobby Talebian (acting).
     Chief of Staff.--Sean O'Neill (acting).

                      OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 4706, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-3435

 Inspector General.--Michael E. Horowitz.
     Deputy Inspector General.--William M. Blier.
     Senior Counsel to the Inspector General: John S. Lavinsky, Rene R. 
        Lee.
     Counsel to the Inspector General: Adam Miles, Karen Rich.
     General Counsel.--Jonathan M. Malis (RFK), Suite 4726 (202) 616-
        0646.
     Assistant Inspectors General:
          Audit.--Jason R. Malmstrom (4CON), 12th Floor, 616-1697.
          Evaluations and Inspections.--Nina Pelletier (4CON), 11th 
            Floor, 616-4620.
          Investigations.--Sarah Lake (4CON), 12th Floor, 616-4760.
          Management and Planning.--Gregory T. Peters (4CON), 11th 
            Floor, 616-4550.
          Oversight and Review.--M. Sean O'Neill (4CON), 12th Floor, 
            616-0645.

                          REGIONAL AUDIT OFFICES


  Atlanta: Ferris B. Polk, Suite 1130, 75 Spring Street, Atlanta, GA 
    30303 (404) 331-5928.

  Chicago: Carol S. Taraszka, Suite 3510, Citicorp Center, 500 West 
    Madison Street, Chicago, IL 60661 (312) 353-1203.

  Dallas: Fletcher Couglas, Suite 410, Box 21, 2505 State Highway 360, 
    Grand Prairie, TX 75050 (214) 655-5000.

  Denver: David M. Sheeren, Suite 1500, Chancery Building, 1120 Lincoln 
    Street, Denver, CO 80203 (303) 864-2000.

  Philadelphia: Thomas O. Puerzer, Suite 201, 701 Market Street, 
    Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 580-2111.

  San Francisco: David J. Gaschke, Suite 201, 1200 Bayhill Drive, San 
    Bruno, CA 94066 (650) 876-9220.

  Washington: John Manning, 1300 North 17th Street, Suite 3400, 
    Arlington, VA 22209 (202) 616-4688.

     Computer Security and Information Technology Audit Office: Reginald 
        Allen, Room 5000 (202) 616-3801.

     Financial Statement Audit Office: Mark L. Hayes, 1425 New York 
        Avenue, NW., #13000, Washington, DC 20530 (202) 616-4660.

                     REGIONAL INVESTIGATIONS OFFICES

  Atlanta: Eddie D. Davis, 60 Forsyth Street, SW., Room 8M45, Atlanta, 
    GA 30303 (404) 562-1980.

  Boston: Daniel Benedict, U.S. Courthouse, 1 Courthouse Way, Room 9200, 
    Boston, MA 02210 (617) 748-3218.

  Chicago: John F. Oleskowicz, P.O. Box 1802, Chicago, IL 60690 (312) 
    886-7050.

  Denver: Sandra D. Barnes, Suite 1501, 1120 Lincoln Street, Denver, CO 
    80203 (303) 335-4201.

  Dallas: Monte A. Cason, 2505 State Highway 360, Room 410, Grand 
    Prairie, TX 75050 (817) 385-5200.

  Detroit: Nicholas V. Candela, Suite 1402, 211 West Fort Street, 
    Detroit, MI 48226 (313) 226-4005.

  El Paso: Eric Benn, Suite 135, 4050 Rio Bravo, El Paso, TX 79902 (915) 
    577-0102.

  Houston: Douglas B. Bruce, P.O. Box 53509, Houston, TX 77052 (713) 
    718-4888.

  Los Angeles: James K. Cheng, Suite 655, 330 North Brand Street, 
    Glendale, CA 91203 (818) 543-1172.


[[Page 683]]


  Miami: Robert Allen Bourbon, Suite 200, 510 Shotgun Road, Sunrise, FL 
    33326 (954) 370-8300.

  New York: Ronald Gardella, One Battery Park Plaza, 29th Floor, New 
    York, NY 10004 (212) 824-3650.

  New Jersey: Kenneth R. Connaughton, Jr., 361 Scotch Road, West 
    Trenton, NJ 08628 (609) 883-5423.

  San Francisco: Michael Barranti, Suite 220, 1200 Bayhill Drive, San 
    Bruno, CA 94066 (650) 876-9058.

  Seattle: Wayne Hawney, Suite 104, 620 Kirkland Way, Kirkland, WA 98033 
    (253) 
    852-0194.

  Tucson: James Greer, 405 West Congress, Room 3600, Tucson, AZ 85701 
    (520) 620-7389.

  Washington: Michael P. Tompkins, 1425 New York Avenue, NW., Suite 
    7100, Washington, DC 20530 (202) 616-4760.

     Fraud Detection Office.--Lewe F. Sessions, Room 7100 (202) 353-
        2975.

            INTERPOL WASHINGTON (U.S. NATIONAL CENTRAL BUREAU)

                           phone (202) 616-9000

 Director.--Wayne H. Salzgaber, 532-4239.
     Deputy Director.--Michael A. Hughes, 616-1071.
     General Counsel.--Kevin Smith, 616-4103.
     Public and Congressional Affairs Officer.--Christie Dawson, 305-
        8602.

                        JUSTICE MANAGEMENT DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20530 (2CON)

    Liberty Square Building, 450 5th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001 
                                  (LSB)

 Assistant Attorney General for Administration.--Lee J. Lofthus, Room 
    1111 (202) 514-3101.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Policy, Management and 
        Planning.--Michael H. Allen, Room 1113, 514-3101.
     Staff Directors:
          Department Ethics Office.--Cindy Shaw (2CON), Room 8E.310, 
            514-8196.
          Facilities and Administrative Services Staff.--Scott Snell 
            (2CON), Room 9E.204, 616-2995.
          General Counsel Office.--Arthur Gary, General Counsel (2CON), 
            Room 8E.528, 514-3452.
          Internal Review and Evaluation Office.--Neil Ryder (2CON), 
            Room 8W.1419, 616-5499.
          Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.--
            Robert Connolly (2CON), Room 8E.1009, 616-0521.
          Deputy Director / Procurement Services Staff.--Thomas 
            Naccarato, Room 8E.202, 307-2000.
          Records Management Policy Office.--Jeanette Plante (2CON), 
            Room 8W.1401, 514-3528.
          Senior Procurement Executive.--Michael H. Allen, Room 1113, 
            514-3101.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General / Controller.--Jolene Lauria, 
        Room 1117, 514-1843.
     Staff Directors:
         Asset Forfeiture Management.--Vacant (2CON), Room 5W.725, 616-
            8000.
         Budget Staff.--Linda Smith, Room 2732, 514-4082.
         Debt Collection Management.--Dennis Dauphin (2CON), Room 
            5E.103, 514-5343.
         Finance.--Chris Alvarez (2CON), Room 7E.202, 616-5800.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Human Resources and 
            Administration.--Monty Wilkinson, Room 1112, 514-5501.
     Staff Directors:
         Attorney Recruitment and Management Office.--Vacant (LSB), 
            Suite 10200, 514-3905.
         Consolidated Executive Office.--Cyntoria Carter, Room 7113, 
            514-5537.
         DOJ Executive Secretariat.--Dana Paige, Room 4412, 514-2063.
         Equal Employment Opportunity.--Richard Toscano (2CON), Room 
            1W.102, 616-4800.
         Human Resources Staff.--Mary Lamary (2CON), Room 9W.102, 514-
            6788.
         Library.--Dennis Feldt, Room 7535, 514-2133.
         Security and Emergency Planning Staff.--James Dunlap, Room 
            6217, 514-2094.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Information Resources Management 
            / CIO.--Joseph
            Klimavicz, Room 1310-A, 514-0507.

[[Page 684]]

     Deputy CIO.--Melinda Rogers, Room 1310, 514-7017.
     Staff Directors:
         Cyber Security Services Staff.--Nickolous Ward (2CON), Room 
            4E.206, 616-2478.
         Policy and Planning.--Cynthia Sjoberg-Radway (2CON), Room 
            3E.202, 616-6050.
         Service Delivery Staff.--Lawrence Reed (acting), (2CON), Room 
            4E.101, 305-9673.

                     OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS (OJP)

                 810 7th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20531

                 OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL

 Assistant Attorney General.--Vacant (202) 307-5933.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Katherine T. 
        Sullivan, 307-5933.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Maureen Henneberg, 307-5933.
     Manager, Equal Employment Opportunity.--Laura Colon-Marrero (202) 
        616-1998.

                       BUREAU OF JUSTICE ASSISTANCE

 Director.--Michael Costigan (acting), 616-6500.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Tracey Trautman, 616-6500.
     Deputy Director of:
         Policy.--Silas Darden, 616-6500.
         Programs.--Kristen Mahoney, 616-6500.

                       BUREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS

 Director.--Jeffrey Anderson (202) 307-0765.
     Principal Deputy Director, Statistical Operations.--Vacant, 307-
        0765.
     Deputy Directors: Doris James, 307-0765; Jinney Smith, 307-1594.

                      NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF JUSTICE

 Director.--David Muhlhausen, 307-2942.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff.--Jennifer Scherer, 307-2942.

          OFFICE OF JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION

 Administrator.--Caren Harp, 307-1464.
     Deputy Administrator.--Chyrl Y. Jones, 353-0798.

                       OFFICE FOR VICTIMS OF CRIME

 Director.--Jessica Hart, 307-5983.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Vacant.
     Senior Advisor for Human Trafficking.--Bill Woolf, 307-5983.

                         OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATION

 Director.--Phillip K. Merkle, 307-0087.
     Deputy Director, Division of:
          Acquisition Management.--Christopher Henshaw, 307-0087.
          Business Resources.--Angela Noel Gantt, 305-8006.
          Human Resources.--Jennifer McCarthy, 307-0730.

               OFFICE OF AUDIT, ASSESSMENT, AND MANAGEMENT

 Director.--Ralph Martin, 305-1802.
     Deputy Director, Division of:
          Audit and Review Division.--Jeff Haley, 616-2936.
          Grants Management Division.--Maria Swineford, 616-0109.

[[Page 685]]

          Program Assessment Division.--Kathleen Mantila, 514-5185.

                  OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 Chief Financial Officer.--Leigh Benda, 307-0623.
     Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Rachel Johnson, 307-0623.

                 OFFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

 Chief Information Officer.--Brian McGrath, 305-9071.
     Deputy Chief Information Officer.--David Todd, 616-1611.

                         OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS

 Director.--Michael Alston, 307-0690.
     Deputy Directors: Tammie Gregg, 616-4627; Allesandro Terenzoni, 
        616-1708.

                         OFFICE OF COMMUNICATIONS

 Director.--Vacant, 307-0703.
     Deputy Director.--Robert Davis, 307-0703.

                      OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL

 General Counsel.--Rafael A. Madan, 307-6235.
     Deputy General Counsel: Rosemary Carradini, 616-3257; Rhonda Craig, 
        616-3233; Charlotte Grzebien, 307-2986; Matthew Scodellaro, 305-
        8219.

      OFFICE OF SEX OFFENDER SENTENCING, MONITORING, APPREHENDING, 
                        REGISTERING, AND TRACKING

 Director.--Kendel Ehrlich, 307-0886.
     Deputy Director.--Dawn Doran, 514-4689.

                          OFFICE OF LEGAL COUNSEL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5218, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2051

 Assistant Attorney General.--Steven A. Engel, Room 5218, 514-2051.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Curtis Gannon, Room 
        5218, 514-4132.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Liam Hardy, Room 5235; Daniel 
        Koffsky, Room 5238, 514-2030; Jennifer Mascott, Room 5229; Henry 
        Whitaker, Room 5231 (202) 305-8521.
     Special Counsel: Paul P. Colborn, Room 5240, 514-2048; Rosemary 
        Hart, Room 5242, 514-2027.
     Senior Counsel.--Jeffrey Singdahlsen, Room 5262, 514-4174.

                          OFFICE OF LEGAL POLICY

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 4234, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-4601

 Assistant Attorney General.--Beth A. Williams, Room 4230, 514-0624.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Mark Champoux, Room 
        4238, 514-6131.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Vacant, Room 4511, 514-2456; 
        Kevin Jones, Room 4248, 514-4604; Vacant, Room 4240, 305-4870; 
        Robyn Thiemann, Room 4237, 514-8356.
     Chief of Staff.--Katherine Crytzer, Room 4228, 353-3069.
     Executive Officer.--Matrina Matthews, Room 4517, 616-0040.


[[Page 686]]



                    OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS (OLA)

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 1145, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2141

 Assistant Attorney General.--Stephen E. Boyd.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Prim Escalona.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Mary Blanche Hankey.
     Chief of Staff and Counsel.--Mary Blanche Hankey.

                        NATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 7339, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-1057

 Assistant Attorney General.--John C. Demers.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--David P. Burns.
     Chief of Staff.--Kelli A. Andrews.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Adam Hickey, Melissa MacTough, 
        George Toscas, Brad Wiegmann.
     Executive Officer.--Scott Damelin.

              COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND EXPORT CONTROL SECTION

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 233-0986

 Chief.--Jay Bratt.

                         COUNTERTERRORISM SECTION

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-0849

 Chief.--Jennifer Smith.

                    FOREIGN INVESTMENT REVIEW SECTION

                 175 N Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001

                           phone (202) 622-1860

 Chief.--Sanchitha Jayaram.

                          OFFICE OF INTELLIGENCE

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-5600

 Chief, Litigation.--John Scully.
     Chief, Operations.--Gabrielle Sanz-Rexach.
     Chief, Oversight.--Kevin O'Connor.

                         OFFICE OF LAW AND POLICY

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 353-4542

 Chief, Policy.--Chris Hardee.
     Chief, Appellate.--Steven Dunne.


[[Page 687]]



           OFFICE OF JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF OVERSEAS TERRORISM

                 175 N Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001

                           phone (202) 233-0701

 Director.--Heather Cartwright.

                       OFFICE OF THE PARDON ATTORNEY

      145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 616-6070

 Pardon Attorney.--Vacant.
     Deputy Pardon Attorney.--Rosalind Sargent-Burns.
     Executive Officer.--William Taylor II.

                   OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 3266, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-3365

 Director and Chief Counsel.--Jeffrey Ragsdale.
     Deputy Counsel.--G. Bradley Weinsheimer.
     Senior Associate Counsel.--William J. Birney.
     Associate Counsel: Raymond C. ``Neil'' Hurley, Margaret McCarty.
     Senior Counsel.--Lyn Hardy.
     Senior Assistant Counsel: Suzanne Drouet, Frederick Leiner, Mark 
        Masling.
     Assistant Counsel: Allison Barlotta, Sarah Cable, Paul Colby, 
        Leonard Evans, Mark G. Fraase, John ``Jack'' Geise, Gregory 
        Gonzalez, Albert Herring, John Sciortino, James Vargason, 
        Barbara Ward.

                PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY ADVISORY OFFICE

              1425 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-0458

 Director.--Stacy M. Ludwig.
     Deputy Director.--Benjamin K. Grimes.

                         OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 1220, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2007

 Director.--Kerri Kupec.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Matt Lloyd.
     Deputy Director.--Wyn Hornbuckle.

                               TAX DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

    Judiciary Center Building, 555 Fourth Street, NW., Washington, DC 
                               20001 (JCB)

   Maxus Energy Tower, 7717 North Harwood Street, Suite 400, Dallas, TX 
                               75242 (MAX)

   145 M Street, NE., 4 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (4CON)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Vacant (RFK), Room 4137 (202) 514-2901.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General:
          Appellate and Review.--Travis A. Greaves (RFK), Room 4607, 
            514-5109.
          Civil Matters.--David A. Hubbert (RFK), Room 4137, 514-1958.
          Criminal Matters.--Richard E. Zuckerman (Principal), (RFK), 
            Room 4603, 514-2901.
          Policy and Planning.--T. Joshua Wu (RFK), Room 4611, 305-3108.

[[Page 688]]

     Senior Legislative Counsel.--Eileen M. Shatz (RFK), Room 4134, 307-
        6419.

     Civil Trial Section Chiefs:

          Central Region.--R. Scott Clarke (JCB), Room 8921-B, 514-6502.

          Eastern Region.--Deborah S. Meland (JCB), Room 6126, 307-6426.

          Northern Region.--David M. Katinsky (JCB), Room 7804-A, 307-
            6435.

          Southern Region.--Angelo A. Frattarelli (JCB), Room 6243-A, 
            307-6612.

          Southwestern Region.--Cynthia Messersmith (MAX), Suite 400 
            (214) 880-9721.

          Western Region.--Richard R. Ward (JCB), Room 7907-B, 307-6413.

     Criminal Enforcement Section Chiefs:

          Northern Region.--Vacant (PHB), Room 7802, 514-5150.

          Southern Region.--Karen Kelly (4CON), Room 1.903 , 616-3864.

          Western Region.--Larry J. Wszalek (4CON), Room 2.101, 514-
            5762.

     Section Chiefs:

          Appellate.--Francesca Ugolini (RFK), Room 4326, 514-3361.

          Court of Federal Claims.--David I. Pincus (JCB), Room 8804-A, 
            307-6440.

          Criminal Appeals and Tax Enforcement Policy.--S. Robert 
            ``Bob'' Lyons (4CON), Room 2.220, 514-2839.

          Office of Review.--Ann Carroll Reid (JCB), Room 6846-D, 514-
            6567.

     Executive Officer.--Robert L. Bruffy (4CON), Room 1.1629, 616-8412.

                   UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE (USMS)

                           Washington, DC 22202

                   Communications Center (202) 307-9100

 Director.--Donald W. Washington (703) 740-1600.
     Deputy Director.--Derrick Driscoll, 740-1600.
     Chief of Staff.--John Kilgallon, 740-1642.
     Chief of District Affairs.--Brent Browshow (acting), 740-1664.
     Associate Director for Administration.--Katherine T. Mohan, 740-
        1618.
     Associate Director for Operations.--Nelson Hackmaster, 740-8402.
     Chief, Office of Congressional and Public Affairs.--William 
        Delaney, 740-1603.

                  OFFICE OF EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

     Equal Employment Opportunity Officer.--Marcus Williams.

                      OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL

 General Counsel.--Gerald M. Auerbach.
     Deputy General Counsel.--Lisa Dickinson.

                  OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY

 Assistant Director.--Stanley Griscavage (acting).
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Ronald Carter (acting).

                        JUDICIAL SECURITY DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Darrell White.
     Deputy Assistant Directors: Jose Soto, Larry Moltzan.

                    INVESTIGATIVE OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Jeffrey R. Tyler.
     Deputy Assistant Directors: Richard Kelly, Andrew Smith.

                       PRISONER OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--John ``Jack'' Sheehan (acting).
     Deputy Assistant Directors.--Paul Detar, Aaron Sawyer (acting).


[[Page 689]]



         JUSTICE PRISONER AND ALIEN TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM (JPATS)

   1251 Northwest Briar Cliff Parkway, Suite 300, Kansas City, MO 64116

 Assistant Director.--Shannon Brown.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Harry Little (acting).

                        ASSET FORFEITURE DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Timothy Virtue.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Pam Bass.

                        WITNESS SECURITY DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Donald P. O'Hearn.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Marcus Walker.

                       TACTICAL OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Heather Walker (acting).
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Marty Hunt (acting).

                       FINANCIAL SERVICES DIVISION

 Chief Financial Officer.--Holley O'Brien.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Mary Ellen Kline.
     Procurement Executive.--Carole O'Brien.

                         HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Dianne Campbell.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Beth Brown-Ghee.

                     INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Karl Mathias.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Gwendolyn Miller.

                       MANAGEMENT SUPPORT DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Kate Hickman.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Jim Murphy.

                            TRAINING DIVISION

  Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, Building 20, Glynco, GA 31524

 Assistant Director.--Roberto Robinson.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Stephanie Creasy.

                          U.S. PAROLE COMMISSION

             90 K Street, NE., 3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                 phone (202) 346-7000, fax (202) 357-1085

 Chair.--Patricia K. Cushwa (acting).
     Vice Chair.--Charles T. Massarone (acting).
     Commissioners: Patricia K. Cushwa, Charles T. Massarone.
     Chief of Staff.--James E. Bacchus.
     Case Operations Administrator.--Stephen J. Husk.
     Case Services Administrator.--Deirdre M. McDaniel.
     General Counsel.--Helen H. Krapels.
     Executive Officer.--Zelia M. Carter.
     Staff Assistant to the Chair.--Jacquelyn E. Graham.

[[Page 690]]

                  OFFICE ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN (OVW)

          145 N Street, NE., Suite 10W.121, Washington, DC 20530

 Director.--Laura L. Rogers (acting), (202) 307-6026.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Laura L. Rogers, 307-6026.
     General Counsel.--Jennifer E. Kaplan, 514-0052.
     Deputy Director, Tribal Affairs.--Sherriann C. Moore, 514-8804.
     Deputy Director, Grant Development and Management.--Nadine M. 
        Neufville, 307-6026
     Executive Officer.--Sybil N. Barksdale, 353-7378.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Vacant, 353-3982.

