

Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020. - 


Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020.
[Pages 729-739]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                           DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

                         Frances Perkins Building

            200 Constitution Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20210

                  phone (866) 4-USA-DOL, https://dol.gov

     EUGENE SCALIA, Secretary of Labor. Eugene Scalia was sworn in as 
Secretary of Labor on September 27, 2019. As Secretary, he oversees the 
enforcement and administration of more than 180 federal employment laws 
covering more than 150 million workers and 10 million workplaces. Laws 
administered by the Department include the workplace safety requirements 
of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Mine 
Safety and Health Administration, federal minimum wage and overtime 
protections, the anti-discrimination requirements applicable to federal 
contractors, and ERISA's protection of the more than $11 trillion held 
in employee retirement plans and health plans. The Department also 
administers a range of programs intended to support worker training and 
enhance the skills of the American workforce through grants and other 
funding to States, educational institutions, and other public and 
private sector organizations.
     As Secretary, Scalia chairs the board of directors of the Pension 
Benefit Guaranty Corporation--which insures U.S. private pension plans--
and is on the board of trustees of the Social Security and Medicare 
Trust Fund.
     Secretary Scalia's priorities include enhancing employment 
opportunities for Americans by supporting economic growth through 
reductions in unnecessary regulatory burdens, improving the 
effectiveness and efficiency of the Department's enforcement programs, 
and bolstering worker training through apprenticeships and other 
business-driven programs that emphasize performance and accountability. 
Under his leadership, the Labor Department has supported President 
Trump's initiatives to promote employment for veterans and military 
spouses, to overcome the opioid crisis, and to help Americans exiting 
the criminal justice system re-enter the workforce.
     In addition to serving on the White House Coronavirus Task Force, 
Scalia guides the Labor Department as it plays a central role in 
overseeing the new federal programs intended to help workers and their 
families respond to COVID-19. The Department is also involved in 
implementing the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the NAFTA replacement 
negotiated by President Trump that includes the strongest labor 
protections ever included in an international trade agreement.
     Secretary Scalia graduated with distinction from the University of 
Virginia, and attended the University of Chicago Law School, where he 
graduated cum laude and served as editor-in-chief of the Law Review. He 
and his wife Trish have seven children. He is the son of Maureen and 
Antonin Scalia, the late Supreme Court Justice.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

                           phone (202) 693-6000

 Secretary of Labor.--Eugene Scalia.
     Deputy Secretary.--Patrick Pizzella.
     Chief of Staff.--Rachel E. Mondl.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Catherine A. Bartley.
     Counselor to the Secretary.--Andrew G. Kilberg.
     Executive Secretariat Director.--Caroline Harman Robinson.
     Director of Scheduling and Operations.--Abbie Sumbrum (acting).

                        OFFICE OF PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT

 Director.--Dean Heyl (202) 693-6450.


[[Page 730]]



                         ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES

    Techworld, 800 K Street, NW., Suite 400, Washington, DC 20001-8002

 Chief Administrative Law Judge.--Stephen R. Henley (202) 693-7424.
     Associate Chief Judges: Paul Almanza, 693-7344; William S. Colwell, 
        693-7355.

                        ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW BOARD

 Chief and Chair.--Thomas H. Burrell (acting), Room N-5404 (202) 693-
    6200.
     Vice Chair.--E. Cooper Brown, Room N-5404, 693-6200.

           OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ADMINISTRATION

                          AND MANAGEMENT (OASAM)

 Assistant Secretary.--Bryan Slater, Room S-2203 (202) 693-4040.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for--
          Budget.--Geoffrey Kenyon, Room S-4020, 693-4090.
          Operations.--Al Stewart, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
          Policy.--David Langhaim, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
     Special Assistants: Lisa Freeman, Room S-2203, 693-4040; Douglas 
        Robins, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
     Program Manager: Traci Smith, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
     Senior Advisors: Mark Baker, Room S-2203, 693-4040; Edward ``Chip'' 
        Wilkinson, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
     Administrative Officer.--Braye Cloud, 693-4040.

                        BUSINESS OPERATIONS CENTER

 Director.--Julia Tritz, Room S-1524, 693-1094.
     Deputy Director.--Macaire Carroll-Gavula, Room S-1524, 693-6676.
     Office of:
          Administrative Services.--Phil Puckett, Room S-1521, 693-6650.
          Asset and Resource Management.--Tanisha Bynum-Frazier, Room S-
            1519B, 693-4546.
          Chief Procurement Officer.--Carl V. Campbell, Room S-1510-C, 
            693-7246.
          Procurement Services.--Sandra Foster (acting), Room S-4307, 
            693-4599.
          Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.--Gladys Bailey, 
            Room N-6402, 693-7244.
          Worker Safety and Health Services.--Stephanie Semmer, Room S-
            1321, 693-6678.

                      PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT CENTER

 Director.--Dennis Johnson, Room S-3317, 693-7124.
     Deputy Director.--Vacant.

                           CIVIL RIGHTS CENTER

 Director.--Naomi Barry-Perez, Room N-4123, 693-6500.
     Associate Director for Program Operations.--Dennis Fish, Room N-
        4123, 693-6532.
     Administrative Officer.--Aquila Branch-James, Room N-4123, 693-
        6519.
     Office of:
          Enforcement / External.--Lee Perselay (acting), 693-6519.
          Enforcement / Internal.--Samuel Rhames, 693-6500.
          Reasonable Accommodation Hotline.--Kim Borowicz, Room N-4123, 
            693-6527.

                       EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT CENTER

      800 K Street, NW., Suite 450 North, Washington, DC 20001-8002.

 Director.--Michael Smith, 693-7504.
     Deputy Director.--Matt Konopka, 693-7512.

                               BENEFITS.GOV

 Program Manager.--Myung Moon, Room S-1508, 693-4429.


[[Page 731]]



                          HUMAN RESOURCES CENTER

 Director.--Sydney Rose, Room C-5526, 693-7600.
     Deputy Director.--Vacant, Room C-5526, 693-7600.
     Office of:
          Administration and Management Services.--Donna Childs Speight, 
            Room C-5517, 693-7762.
          Diversity and Inclusion.--Vacant, Room S-4015, 693-5840.
          Employee and Labor Management Relations.--Shawn Hooper, Room 
            N-5476, 693-7612.
          Executive Resources.--Demeatric Gamble, Room N-2453, 693-7800.
          Human Resources Consulting and Operations.--Vacant, Room C-
            5516, 693-7690.
          Human Resources Policy and Accountability.--Kristin Siegfried, 
            Room C-5526, 693-7709.
          Office of HR Works and Systems Support (OHRWSS).--LaRell 
            Faulkner, Room S-3308, 693-4320.
          Training and Development.--Kimberly Lacey, Room N-5464, 693-
            7838.
          Worklife, Leave, Benefits Policy, and Programs.--Maria Jordan, 
            Room N-5454, 693-7610.

                 OFFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

 Chief Information Officer.--Gundeep Ahluwalia, Room N-1301, 693-4200.
     Deputy CIO for Administration and Strategy.--Rick Kryger, Room N-
        1301, 693-4200.
     Deputy CIO for Operations.--Lou Charlier, Room N-1301, 693-4200.
     Directorate of Administration, Business Management, and 
        Governance.--Jeff Johnson, Room N-1301, 693-4449.
     Division of Administration.--Tracey Schaeffer, Room N-1301, 693-
        4158.
     Division of Application & Platform Governance and Standards: Tim 
        Erskine (acting), Room N-1301, 693-8128; Samson Teffera, Room N-
        1301, 693-4179.
     Division of Architecture, Strategy, and Design.--Paul Beckham, Room 
        N-1301, 693-4437.
     Division of Client Engagement.--Atash Mehta, Room N-1301, 693-4157.
     Directorate of Cybersecurity.--Paul Blahusch, Room N-1301, 693-
        1567.
     Directorate of Information Technology Operations and Services.--
        Vacant, Room N-1301, 693-4147.
     Enterprise Program Management.--Duane Eldridge, Room N-1301, 693-
        4136.
     Enterprise Service Desk.--24 / 7, Room N-1505 (855) 522-6748, or 
        EnterpriseServiceDesk@
dol.gov.

                             SECURITY CENTER

 Director.--Billie Jo Agambar, Room S-1229G (202) 693-7204.
     Deputy Director.--Stacey Thompson, 693-7210.
     Administrative Specialist.--Julie LeMon, 693-7514.

                      ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR POLICY

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room S-2312 (202) 693-5959.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jonathan Berry.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Alison Kilmartin, Jonathan Wolfson.
     Career Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Stephanie Swirsky.
     Chief of Staff.--Vacant.
     Regulatory and Programmatic Policy.--Laura Dawkins.
     Chief Evaluation Officer.--Christina Yancey.

                           BENEFITS REVIEW BOARD

 Chair.--Judith S. Boggs, Room N-5101 (202) 693-6300.

                        BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS

                          Postal Square Building

       2 Massachusetts Avenue, NE., Suite 4040, Washington, DC 20212

                           phone (202) 691-7800

 Commissioner.--William Beach, 691-7800.

[[Page 732]]

     Deputy Commissioner.--William Wiatrowski, 691-6301.
     Associate Commissioner, Office of:
          Administration.--Nancy Ruiz de Gamboa, Suite 4060, 691-7777.
          Compensation and Working Conditions.--Kristen Monaco, Suite 
            4130, 691-7527.
          Employment and Unemployment Statistics.--Vacant.
          Field Operations.--Jay Mousa, Suite 2935, 691-5800.
          Prices and Living Conditions.--David Friedman, Suite 3120, 
            691-6960.
          Productivity and Technology.--Lucy Eldridge, Suite 2150, 691-
            6598.
          Publications and Special Studies.--Michael Levi, Suite 2850, 
            691-5100.
          Survey Methods Research.--William Mockovak (acting), Suite 
            5930, 691-7414.
          Technology and Survey Processing.--Wesley Chou (acting), Suite 
            5025, 691-7203.
     Assistant Commissioner, Office of:
          Compensation Levels and Trends.--Hilery Simpson, Suite 4130, 
            691-5184.
          Consumer Prices and Price Indexes.--Vacant.
          Current Employment Analysis.--Julie Hatch Maxfield, Suite 
            4675, 691-5473.
          Industrial Prices and Price Indexes.--Jeffrey Hill, Suite 
            3840, 691-7156.
          Industry Employment Statistics.--Kenneth Robertson, Suite 
            4860, 691-5440.
          Occupational Statistics and Employment Projections.--Rebecca 
            Rust, Suite 2135, 
            691-5701.
     Director of:
          Survey Processing.--Rick Kryger, Suite 5025, 691-7562.
          Technology and Computing Services.--Wesley Chou, Suite 5025, 
            691-7203.

                   BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL LABOR AFFAIRS

                   OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY

 Deputy Under Secretary.--Martha Newton, Room S-2235 (202) 693-4770.
     Associate Deputy Under Secretary.--Mark Mittelhauser, Room S-2235, 
        693-4770.
     Associate Deputy Under Secretary.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff.--Grant Lebens, Room S-2235, 693-4770.
     Administrative Officer.--Deborah Becker, Room S-5315, 693-4770.
     Policy Advisor.--Quinn Marschik, Room S-2235, 693-4812.
     Executive Assistant.--Diane Ward, Room S-2235, 693-4770.
     Program and Management Analyst.--Alfreda Johnson, Room S-2235, 693-
        4773.
     Special Assistant.--Kia Gaskins, Room S-2235, 693-4903.

        OFFICE OF CHILD LABOR, FORCED LABOR, AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING

 Director.--Marcia Eugenio, Room S-5315 (202) 693-4849.
     Deputy Director.--Kevin Willcutts, Room S-5317, 693-4832.

                    OFFICE OF TRADE AND LABOR AFFAIRS

 Director.--Matthew Levin, Room S-5315 (202) 693-5745.
     Deputy Directors: Donna Chung, Room S-5315, 693-4861; Katy Mastman, 
        Room S-5315, 693-4800.

         OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AND ECONOMIC RESEARCH

 Director.--Robert B. Shepard, Room S-5315 (202) 693-4808.
     Deputy Directors: Zhao Li, Room S-5315, 693-4803; Kenneth 
        Swinnerton, Room S-5315, 693-4916.

                   OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 Chief Financial Officer.--James Williams, Room S-4030 (202) 693-6800.
     Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Kevin Brown (acting), Room S-4030, 
        693-6800.
     Associate Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Kevin Brown, Room S-
        4030.
     Administrative Officer.--Marella Turner, Room S-4030.
     Accounts Payable (Vendor Payment).--Natasha Brown, Room S-5526.
     Audit Liaison.--Neil Starzynski, Room S-4030.
     Central Accounting Operations.--Westley Everette, Room S-5526.
     Customer Support.--Sharnell Montgomery, Room N-2719.

[[Page 733]]

     E-Travel.--Sheila Alexander, Room N-2719.
     Financial Performance and Payment Integrity (A-123 Compliance).--
        Chris Polen, Room S-4030.
     Financial Reporting.--Jennifer Maurer (acting), Room S-4502.
     Operations Support.--Andrew Allen, Room N-2719.
     Security and Technology.--Robert Springfield, Room N-2719.
     Travel / Conference Policy and A-123 Compliance.--Dylan Sacchetti, 
        Room S-4030.

           OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room S-2006 (202) 693-4601.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental 
        Affairs.--Joe Wheeler, Room S-2220, 693-4601.
     Chief of Staff.--John Patrick Walsh, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Administrative Officer.--DuRon Blount, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Staff Assistants: Glenda Manning, Room S-2006, 693-4601; Claudette 
        Tidwell, Room S-2220, 693-4600; Tiffany Williams, Room S-2220, 
        693-4600; Jaunae Young, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Intergovernmental Affairs.--Michael 
        Downing, S-2220, 693-4600.
     Senior Advisor, Intergovernmental Affairs.--Jim Blazer, Room S-
        2220, 693-4600.
     Senior Legislative Officer for--
          Appropriations / Budget / Employee Benefits / PBGC / COBRA.--
            Margarita Almanza, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
          BLS / ILAB / Employment and Training--Trade, OFLC.--Brian 
            Maves, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
          Labor Management Standards / OFCCP / FOIA.--Robert Rische, 
            Room S-2220, 693-4600.
          Mine Safety and Health / Occupational Safety and Health / 
            OWCP.--Adam Turner, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
          Women's Bureau / Wage and Hour Division / ODEP.--Sharon Utz, 
            Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Legislative Officer, Employment and Training--WIOA / Apprenticeship 
        / YouthBuild / Job Corps / VETS.--Bradley Thomas, Room S-2220, 
        693-4600.
     Senior Legislative Officer, Casework Support.--David McFadden, Room 
        S-2220, 693-4600.
     Legislative Officer, Casework Support.--C.C. Christakos, Room S-
        2220, 693-4600.
     Casework Officers: Joseph Gollinger, Room S-2220, 693-4600; Jacob 
        Smith, Room S-2220, 693-4600.

                             REGIONAL OFFICES

  Great Lakes.--Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin.
     Regional Representative.--Christopher E. Hagerup.
  Heartland.--Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska.
     Regional Representative.--Vacant.
  Mid-Atlantic.--Delaware, District of Columbia, Maryland, Ohio, 
    Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia.
     Regional Representative.--James Fitzpatrick.
  New England.-- Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode 
    Island, Vermont.
     Regional Representative.--Peter Steele.
  New York / New Jersey.-- New Jersey, New York, Puerto Rico, Virgin 
    Islands.
     Regional Representative.--Vacant.
  Pacific Northwest.--Alaska, Idaho, Oregon, Washington.
     Regional Representative.--Vacant.
  Rocky Mountain.--Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, 
    Wyoming.
     Regional Representative.--Jonathan Finer.
  South-Central.--Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas.
     Regional Representative.--Aaron Krejci.
  Southeast.--Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North 
    Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee.
     Regional Representative.--Ruth Sherlock.
  West Coast / Pacific.--American Samoa, Arizona, California, Guam, 
    Hawaii, Nevada, Northern Mariana Islands, Utah.
     Regional Representative.--Jeffrey Stone.

                  OFFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room S-1303 (202) 693-7880.

[[Page 734]]

     Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jennifer Sheehy.
     Chief of Staff.--Patrick Mannix.
     Special Assistant.--Brian Walsh.
     Director of Policy Development.--Vacant.

                 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--Jeanne Klinefelter Wilson (acting), Room S-2524 
    (202) 693-8300.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jeanne Klinefelter Wilson, 
        Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Chief of Staff.--Timothy Cummings, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Rebecca Cole, Room S-2524, 693-8300; Monica 
        McGuire, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Policy Advisor.--Trevor Carlsen, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Special Assistant.--Matthew Mullins, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for National Office Operations.--Timothy 
        Hauser, Room N-5677, 693-8315.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Regional Office Operations.--Amy 
        Turner, Room N-5677, 693-8315.
              Executive Assistant.--Becki Marchand, Room N-5677, 693-
                8315.
     Director of:
          Enforcement.--Mabel Capolongo, 122 C Street, Suite 600, 693-
            8443.
          Exemption Determinations.--Lyssa Hall, 122 C Street, Suite 
            400, 693-8540.
          Health Plan Standards and Compliance Assistance.--Amber 
            Rivers, Room N-5653, 693-8335.
          Outreach, Education, and Assistance.--Mark Connor, Room N-
            5625, 693-8337.
          Program, Planning, Evaluation, and Management.--Joel Lovelace, 
            Room N-5668, 
            693-8490.
          Regulations and Interpretations.--Joseph Canary, Room N-5655, 
            693-8500.
          Technology and Information Services.--Leyla Mansur, Room N-
            5410, 693-8618.
     Chief Accountant.--Michael Auerbach, 122 C Street, Suite 400, 693-
        8369.

                   EMPLOYEES' COMPENSATION APPEALS BOARD

 Chief Judge and Chairman.--Alec Koromilas (202) 693-6403.
     Deputy Chief Judge and Vice Chairman.--Christopher James Godfrey, 
        Room N-5416, 693-6410.

                  EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--John Pallasch, Room S-2307.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Matthew Hunter, Room S-2307, 693-
        2772; Nicholas Lalpuis (acting), Room S-2307, 693-2772; Nancy 
        Rooney, Room S-2307, 693-2772.
     Administrator, Office of:
          Apprenticeship.--John Ladd, Room N-5311, 693-2796.
          Contracts Management.--Jillian Matz (acting), Room N-4643, 
            693-2785.
          Financial Administration.--Adrienne E. Young, Room N-4702, 
            693-3132.
          Foreign Labor Certification.--Vacant, Patriots Plaza II, 513-
            7350.
          Grants and Management.--Laura P. Watson, Room N-4673, 693-
            3333.
          Job Corps.--Debra Carr, Room N-4463, 693-3000.
          Management and Administrative Services.--Ryan Gilligan, Room 
            N-4653, 693-3001.
          Policy Development and Research.--Adele Gagliardi, Room N-
            5637, 693-3700.
          Trade Adjustment Assistance.--Norris Tyler, Room C-5428, 693-
            3560.
          Unemployment Insurance.--Gay Gilbert, Room S-4524, 693-3029.
          Workforce Investment.--Kimberly Vitelli (acting), Room S-4510, 
            693-3980.

               CENTER FOR FAITH AND OPPORTUNITY INITIATIVES

 Director.--Mark Zelden (202) 693-6017.

                      OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

 Inspector General.--Larry D. Turner (acting), Room S-5502 (202) 693-
    5100.
     Deputy Inspector General.--Larry D. Turner, Room S-5502, 693-5100.

[[Page 735]]

     Assistant Inspector General for--
          Audit.--Elliot P. Lewis, Room S-5512, 693-5170.
          Congressional and Public Relations.--Luiz Santos, Room S-5506, 
            693-7062.
          Labor Racketeering and Fraud Investigations.--Leia Burks, Room 
            S-5014, 693-7034.
          Legal Services.--Delores Thompson, Room S-5502, 693-5116.
          Management and Policy.--Thomas Williams, Room S-5028, 693-
            5191.
          Performance and Risk Management.--Jessica Southwell, Room S-
            5506, 693-5208.

                   MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION

              201 12th Street South, Arlington, VA 22202-5452

           phone (202) 693-9414, fax 693-9401, https://msha.gov

 Assistant Secretary.--David G. Zatezalo, Room 5C330, 693-9402.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy.--Wayne Palmer, Room 5C329, 
        693-9407.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations.--Patricia W. Silvey, 
        Room 5C328, 693-9642.
     Director, Office of:
          Assessments, Accountability, Special Enforcement, and 
            Investigations.--Thomas Charboneau, Room 2518, 693-9700.
          Program Education and Outreach Services.--David Wycinsky, Room 
            5C314, 693-9422.
          Program Evaluation and Information Resources.--Syed Hafeez, 
            Room 5W130, 693-9765.
          Standards, Regulations, and Variances (OSRV).--Sheila 
            McConnell, Room 5W208, 693-9440.
          Technical Support.--William Francart, Room 4W210, 693-9470.

                       COAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH

 Administrator.--Tim Watkins, Room 4W255, 693-9414.
     Deputy Administrator.--David Weaver, Room 4C312, 693-9503.

                METAL AND NONMETAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH

 Administrator.--Tim Watkins, Room 4W255, 693-9414.
     Deputy Administrator.--Brian Goepfert, Room 4C316, 693-9600.

                    EDUCATIONAL POLICY AND DEVELOPMENT

 Director.--Vacant, Room 5W204, 693-9570.
     Administration and Management (A&M).--Li-Tai Bilboa, Room 4E462, 
        693-9802.

               OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room S-2315 (202) 693-2000.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Loren Sweatt, 693-2000.
     Chief of Staff.--Krisann Pearce, 693-2000.
     Special Assistant.--Brian Walsh, 693-2000.
     Director of:
          Administrative Programs.--Kimberly A. Locey, 693-1600.
          Communications.--Frank Meilinger, 693-1999.
          Construction.--Scott Ketcham, 693-2100.
          Cooperative and State Programs.--Doug Kalinowski, 693-2200.
          Enforcement Programs.--Patrick Kapust (acting), 693-2100.
          Standards and Guidance.--Bill Perry, 693-1950.
          Technology Support and Emergency Management.--Amanda Edens, 
            693-2300.
          Whistleblower Protection Programs.--Francis Yebesi (acting), 
            693-2199.

                         OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Robert F. Bozzuto III, Room S-2514 (202) 693-
    4676.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Eric Holland, Mike Trupo.

[[Page 736]]

                             REGIONAL OFFICES

  Region I.--Boston.
     Regional Director.--Edmund Fitzgerald, JFK Federal Building, 
        Government Center, 25 New Sudbury Street, Room 525-A, Boston, MA 
        02203 (617) 565-2075.
  Region III.--Philadelphia.
     Regional Director.--Lenore Uddyback-Fortson, Curtis Center, 170 
        South Independence Mall West, Suite 633 East, Philadelphia, PA 
        19106-3306 (215) 861-5102.
  Region IV.--Atlanta.
     Regional Director.--Michael D'Aquino, Atlanta Federal Center, 61 
        Forsyth, SW., Suite 6B75, Atlanta, GA 30303 (678) 237-0630.
  Region V.--Chicago.
     Regional Director.--Scott Allen, 230 South Dearborn Street, Room 
        3194, Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 353-4727.
  Region VI.--Dallas.
     Regional Director.--Chauntra Rideaux, 525 Griffin Street, Room 734, 
        Dallas, TX 75202 (972) 850-4710.
  Region IX.--California.
     Regional Director.--Leo Kay, 90 7th Street, Suite 2-650, San 
        Francisco, CA 94103-1516 (415) 625-2630.

          OFFICE OF SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZATION

 Director.--Gladys Bailey, N-6432 (202) 693-7244.

                          OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR

 Solicitor.--Kate O'Scannlain, Room S-2002 (202) 693-5260.
     Deputy Solicitor.--Timothy Taylor, 693-5260.
     Deputy Solicitor for National Operations.--Stanley Keen, 693-5260.
     Deputy Solicitor for Regional Enforcement.--Katherine Bissell, 693-
        5260.
     Senior Advisors: Jamila Gleason, Edward Sieger.
     Senior Counsel: Robbie Norton, Sharon Rose, Courtney Walter.
     Counsel.--Rebecca Furde.

           DIVISION OF BLACK LUNG AND LONGSHORE LEGAL SERVICES

 Associate Solicitor.--Barry H. Joyner, Room N-2117 (202) 693-5660.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Kevin Lyskowski.
     Counsel for Administrative Litigation and Legal Advice.--Michael J. 
        Rutledge.
     Appellate Litigation.--Gary K. Stearman.
     Enforcement and Appellate Litigation.--Sean G. Bajkowski.
     Longshore.--Mark A. Reinhalter.
     Regulations and Legislation.--Vacant.

              DIVISION OF CIVIL RIGHTS AND LABOR-MANAGEMENT

 Associate Solicitor.--Beverly Dankowitz, Room N-2474, 693-5740.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Consuela Pinto.
     Counsel for Civil Rights and Appellate Litigation.--Eleanor Simms.
     Interpretation and Advice.--Kier Bickerstaff.
     Litigation and Regional Coordination.--Consuela Pinto.
     LMRDA Advice.--Clinton Wolcott.
     LMRDA Programs.--Radine Legum.

            DIVISION OF EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING LEGAL SERVICES

 Associate Solicitor.--Matthew Bernt, Room N-2101, 693-5710.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Jessica Lyn.
     Counsel for Employment and Training Advice.--Heather Vitale.
     Immigration Programs.--Nora Carroll.
     International Affairs and USERRA.--Derek Baxter.


[[Page 737]]



                     DIVISION OF FAIR LABOR STANDARDS

 Associate Solicitor.--Jennifer S. Brand, Room N-2716, 693-5555.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--William C. Lesser.
     Counsel for Appellate Litigation.--Paul L. Frieden.
     Contract Labor Standards.--Jonathan T. Rees.
     Legal Advice.--Lynn McIntosh.
     Trial Litigation.--Jonathan M. Kronheim.
     Whistleblower Programs.--Megan E. Guenther.

       DIVISION OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE AND ENERGY WORKERS COMPENSATION

 Associate Solicitor.--Thomas G. Giblin (acting), Room S-4325, 693-5320.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Alexandra Tsiros (acting).
     Counsel for Claims and Compensation.--Catherine P. Carter.
     Energy Employees Compensation.--Sheldon O. Turley, Jr.
     FECA Subrogation.--Jim Gordon.

         DIVISION OF MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE LEGAL SERVICES

 Associate Solicitor.--Rose Marie L. Audette, Room N-2420, 693-5405.
     Deputy Associate Solicitors: Allen K. Goshi, David Koeppel.
     Chief of:
          Financial Management Office.--Michelle Fox.
          Human Resources Office.--Michael Parrish.
          Legal Technology Unit.--Denise Hoffman.
     Counsel for Appropriations.--Omyra Ramsingh.
     Director, Office of Information Services.--Ramona Oliver.
     Employment Law.--Elizabeth L. Beason.
     FOIA and Information Law.--Joseph J. Plick.
     FOIA Appeals, Paperwork Reduction Act and Federal Records Act.--Ray 
        Mitten, Jr.
     Procurement and Contracts.--Peter Dickson.

                    DIVISION OF MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH

        201 12th Street South, Suite 401, Arlington, VA 22202-5414

 Associate Solicitor.--April Nelson, Suite 401, 693-9333.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Thomas A. Paige.
     Counsel for Appellate Litigation.--Ali Beydoun.
     Standards and Legal Advice.--Brad J. Mantel.
     Trial Litigation.--Jason Grover.

                DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH

 Associate Solicitor.--Edmund C. Baird, Room S-4004, 693-5452.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Lauren Goodman.
     Counsel for Appellate Litigation: Charles F. James, Heather 
        Phillips.
     Health Standards.--Ian Moar.
     Regional Litigation and Legal Advice: Orlando J. Pannocchia, Robert 
        W. Swain.
     Safety Standards.--Ian Moar.
     Special Litigation.--Vacant.

                    DIVISION OF PLAN BENEFITS SECURITY

 Associate Solicitor.--William Scott, Room N-4611, 693-5600.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Joanne Roskey.
     Counsel for Appellate and Special Litigation.--Thomas Tso.
     Fiduciary Litigation.--Risa D. Sandler.
     Financial Litigation.--Robert Furst.
     General Litigation.--Glenn M Loos.
     Regulations.--James Craig.


[[Page 738]]



                         OFFICE OF LEGAL COUNSEL

 Associate Solicitor.--Peter J. Constantine, Room N-2700, 693-5500.
     Counsel for Ethics.--Robert M. Sadler.
     Legislative Affairs.--Jill M. Otte.
     Honors Program Director.--Susan Hutton.

                 VETERANS' EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING SERVICE

                     Room S-1325, phone (202) 693-4700

 Assistant Secretary.--John Lowry.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy.--Vacant.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations and Management.--J.S. 
        Shellenberger.
     Chief of Staff.--Jonathan VanderPlas.
     Executive Assistant.--Rhonda McGhee.
     Agency Management and Budget.--Iris Diaz.
     Field Operations.--Bill Metheny.
     National Programs.--Ivan Denton.
     Strategic Outreach.--Mark Toal.

                              WOMEN'S BUREAU

                    Room S-3002, phone (202) 693-6710.

 Director.--Laurie Todd-Smith, Ph.D.
     Deputy Directors: Erica Clayton-Wright, Joan Harrigan-Farrelly.
     Chief of Staff.--Jillian Rogers.
     Chief, Office of:
          Information and Support Services.--Paris M. Mack.
          Policy and Programs.--Tiffany Boiman.

                 OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS

 Director.--Julia K. Hearthaway, Room S-3524, (202) 343-5580.
     Deputy Director.--Vacant, Room S-3524, 343-5580.
     Chief of Staff.--James Blazer, Room S-3524, 343-5580.
     Director of:
          Division of Administration and Operations.--Vincent Alvarez, 
            Room S-3201, 343-5580.
          Division of Coal Mine Workers' Compensation.--Michael Chance, 
            Room C-3520, 343-5580.
          Division of Energy Employees Occupational Illness 
            Compensation.--Rachel Leiton, Room C-3317, 343-5580.
          Division of Federal Employees' Compensation.--Antonio Rios, 
            Room S-3229, 343-0040.
          Division of Financial Administration.--Hari Kadavath, Room 
            3524, 343-5580.
          Division of Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation.--
            Douglas C. Fitzgerald, Room C-4319, 343-5580.
     Deputy Director of:
          Division of Administration and Operations.--Megan Hylton, Room 
            S-3201, 343-5580.
          Division of Financial Administration.--Shanti Ananthanayagam, 
            Room S-3524, 343-5580.
     Division of Coal Mine Workers' Compensation National Administrator 
        of Field Operations.--Dean Woodard (214) 749-4138.
     Division of Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation:
          National Administrator of Field Operations.--Christy Long 
            (206) 504-5104.
          Deputy Administrator of Field Operations.--Annette Prindle 
            (216) 802-1333.
     Division of Federal Employees' Compensation:
          National Administrator of Field Operations.--Magdalena 
            Fernandez (904) 366-0509.
          Deputy Administrators of Field Operations: Kellianne Conaway 
            (202) 343-5580; Zev Sapir (212) 863-0870.

                   OFFICE OF LABOR-MANAGEMENT STANDARDS

 Director.--Andrew Auerbach (acting), Room N-5603 (202) 693-0123.
     Deputy Director.--Andrew Auerbach, Room N-5603, 693-0123.
     Director of Field Operations.--Stephen Willertz, Room N-5119, 693-
        1182.

[[Page 739]]

     Director of Programs Operations.--Lorenzo Harrison, Room N-5609, 
        693-1299.
     Regional Directors:
          Central Region.--Daniel LaFond (414) 297-1504.
          Northeastern Region.--Andriana Vamvakas (643) 264-3190.
          Southern Region.--Daniel Cherry (504) 589-6174.
          Western Region.--Jena de Mers Raney (720) 264-3232.
     Division of:
          Enforcement.--Brian Pifer, Room N-5119, 693-1204.
          Interpretations and Standards.--Andrew Davis, Room N-5609, 
            693-1254.
          Planning, Management, and Technology.--Teresa Thomas, Room N-
            5613, 693-0506.
          Reports, Disclosure and Audits.--James Haskins, Room N-5603, 
            693-0829.
          Statutory Programs.--Karen Torre, Room N-5119, 693-1209.

                          WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION

 Administrator.--Cheryl Stanton, Room S-3502 (202) 693-0051.
     Deputy Administrator.--Keith Sonderling, Room S-3502, 693-0051.
     Chief of Staff.--Michael Stojsavljevich, Room S-3502, 693-0686.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Bradford Kelley, Room S-3502, 693-0051; 
        David McFadden, Room S-3502, 693-0051.
     Deputy Administrator for Program Operations.--Patricia Davidson, 
        Room S-3502, 693-0663.
     Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Administrative Operations.--Rachel Torres, Room S-3502, 693-
            1252.
          Government Contracts.--Vacant, Room S-3502, 693-1283.
          Planning, Performance, Evaluation, and Communications.--
            Vacant, Room S-3502, 693-0621.
          Policy.--Mary Ziegler, Room S-3502, 693-0517.

              OFFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE PROGRAMS

 Director.--Craig E. Leen, Room C-3325 (202) 693-0101.
     Deputy Director.--Bob Gaglione, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Chief of Staff.--Lissette Gean, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Valerie Maloney, Room C-3325, 693-0101; 
        Matthew Mimnaugh, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Special Assistant.--Lissette Gean, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Director of:
          Enforcement.--Bob LaJeunesse (acting), Room C-3325, 693-0101.
          Management and Administrative Programs.--Kelley Smith, Room C-
            3315, 693-0101.
          Policy and Program Development.--Bob Gaglione (acting), Room 
            N-3422, 693-0105.
          Program Operations.--Dr. Javaid Kaiser, Room C-3325, 693-0101.

[[Page 740]]


