

Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020. - 


Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020.
[Pages 783-789]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                     DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY

       2707 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 20528

                           phone (202) 282-8000

     CHAD F. WOLF was designated as the Acting Secretary of Homeland 
Security by President Donald J. Trump and was also confirmed as the 
first Under Secretary of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's 
(DHS) Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans (PLCY). Previously, he 
served as the Acting Under Secretary.
     As the senior official for PLCY, Mr. Wolf leads the Department's 
policymaking process to develop and coordinate strategies and policies 
that advance the homeland security mission and protect the American 
public.
     Since his selection by the President, Mr. Wolf has advanced many of 
the Administration's critical priorities across the entire homeland 
security mission. Mr. Wolf oversaw the completion of the recently 
released DHS Strategic Plan, which establishes the Department's long-
term strategic goals and objectives to inform key leadership decisions. 
Additionally, he led several significant initiatives to counter 
international and domestic terrorism, prevent terrorist travel, 
safeguard the U.S. electoral process, and protect American trade 
interests. As part of his duties, Mr. Wolf led and coordinated the 
Department's engagement with international partners to protect American 
homeland security interests at home and abroad.
     During his tenure, Mr. Wolf has made significant progress to 
strengthen U.S. border security, address the humanitarian crisis on the 
U.S. Southwest Border, and improve the integrity of the U.S. immigration 
system. As a result of these efforts, Mr. Wolf and his staff have 
implemented policies that protect American communities from 
transnational criminal organizations and safeguard American workers.
     With over 20 years of policy development and management experience 
in both the public and private sectors, Mr. Wolf is an effective leader 
and policymaker on a variety of complex issues. During the Trump 
Administration, he served as the Chief of Staff for the Transportation 
Security Administration (TSA), Deputy Chief of Staff and Chief of Staff 
for the Department. For his leadership and management of complex 
national issues, Mr. Wolf received the U.S. Secretary of Homeland 
Security Distinguished Service Medal. Shortly after the terrorist attack 
on September 11, 2001, Mr. Wolf served as the Assistant Administrator of 
Transportation Security Policy in which he played a leading role in 
establishing the Transportation Security Administration.
     Beyond his service in the executive branch, Mr. Wolf served as Vice 
President and Senior Director at Wexler & Walker, a bipartisan public 
policy consultancy, and held staff positions in the U.S. Senate.
     Mr. Wolf earned his Bachelor of Arts in History from Southern 
Methodist University, and holds a Master's Certificate in Government 
Contract Management from Villanova University.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

 Secretary of Homeland Security.--Chad F. Wolf (acting).
     Deputy Secretary.--Ken Cuccinelli (senior official performing the 
        duties of the Deputy Secretary).
     Chief of Staff.--John Gountanis (acting).
     Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.--Ken 
        Cuccinelli (senior official performing the duties of the 
        Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services).
     Deputy Director, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.--Mark 
        Koumans.
     Ombudsman.--Michael Dougherty.

                     CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL LIBERTIES

              phone (202) 401-1474, toll free 1-866-644-8360

 Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties.--Cameron Quinn.


[[Page 784]]



                          EXECUTIVE SECRETARIAT

                           phone (202) 282-8221

 Executive Secretary.--Juliana Blackwell (acting).

                      OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL

                           phone (202) 282-8137

 General Counsel.--Chad Mizelle (acting).

                       OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

                           phone (202) 254-4100

 Inspector General.--Joseph V. Cuffari.

                   OFFICE OF INTELLIGENCE AND ANALYSIS

                           phone (202) 282-9690

 Under Secretary and Chief Intelligence Officer.--Brian J. Murphy 
    (acting).
     Principal Deputy Under Secretary.--Brian J. Murphy.
     Chief of Staff.--Matthew Hanna.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Adam Luke.
     Deputy Under Secretary for Intelligence Enterprise Operations.--
        Horace Jen.
     Deputy Under Secretary for Intelligence Enterprise Readiness.--
        Melissa Smislova.

                   OFFICE OF PARTNERSHIP AND ENGAGEMENT

                           phone (202) 282-9310

 Assistant Secretary.--John H. Hill.

                      OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

                           phone (202) 447-5890

 Assistant Secretary.--Beth Spivey.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Natalie McGarry (Senate), Aaron 
        Calkins (House).

                        MILITARY ADVISOR'S OFFICE

                           phone (202) 282-8245

 Military Advisor.--Rear Admiral Brendan C. McPherson.

                              PRIVACY OFFICE

                           phone (202) 343-1717

 Chief Privacy Officer.--Dena Kozanas.

                         OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

                           phone (202) 282-8069

 Assistant Secretary.--Dirk J. Vande Beek.

             CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY

                           phone (703) 235-2080

 Director.--Christopher C. Krebs.

[[Page 785]]

     Deputy Director.--Matthew Travis.
     Chief of Staff.--Emily Early.
     Assistant Director for--
          Cybersecurity.--Bryan Ware.
          Emergency Communication.--Vince DeLaurentis (acting).
          Infrastructure Security.--Brian Harrell.
          Integrated Operations.--John Felker.
          National Risk Management Center.--Robert Kolasky.
          Stakeholder Engagement.--Bradford Willke (acting).

                    SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE

                           phone (202) 254-6033

 Under Secretary.--William Bryan (senior official performing the duties 
    of the Under Secretary).
     Deputy Under Secretary.--Andre Hentz (acting).
     Chief of Staff.--Kathryn Coulter.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Gail Miller.
     Director of:
          Finance and Budget.--Rachel Lewis (acting).
          Homeland Security Advanced Research Projects Agency.--Dan 
            Cotter.

                          MANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE

                           phone (202) 447-3400

 Under Secretary.--Vacant.
     Deputy Under Secretary.--R. D. Alles.
     Chief of Staff.--Janene Corrado (acting).
     Chief:
          Human Capital Officer.--Angela Bailey.
          Information Officer.--Elizabeth Capello (acting).
          Procurement Officer.--Soraya Correa.
          Readiness Support Officer.--Tom Chaleki.
          Security Officer.--Rich McComb.
     Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Stacy Marcott.
     Executive Director, Office of Program Accountability and Risk 
        Management.--Debra Cox.

                             OFFICE OF POLICY

                           phone (202) 282-9708

 Under Secretary, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.--Scott Glabe 
    (senior official performing the duties of the Under Secretary).
     Deputy Under Secretary.--James W. McCament.
     Chief of Staff, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.--David R. 
        Dorey.
     Assistant Secretary, International Affairs.--Valerie S. Boyd.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, International Affairs.--Robert 
        Paschall.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Western Hemisphere.--David Cloe.
     Assistant Secretary, Threat Prevention and Security Policy.--
        Elizabeth Neumann.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Counterterrorism and Threat Prevention 
        Policy.--Nate Blumenthal (acting).
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Screening and Vetting Policy.--Alex 
        Zemek.
     Assistant Secretary, Border, Immigration, and Trade Policy.--Scott 
        Glabe.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Foreign Investment and Trade Policy.--
        Christa Brzozowski.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Immigration Policy.--Sarah Rehberg.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Immigration Statistics.--Marc 
        Rosenblum.
     Assistant Secretary, Cyber Policy.--Sam Kaplan.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Cyber Policy.--Thomas McDermott.
     Assistant Secretary, Strategy, Planning, Analysis & Risk.--Vacant.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Integration.--Drew Kuepper.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Strategic Planning.--Patrick Kearney 
        (acting).

                FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY (FEMA)

       500 C Street, SW., Washington, DC 20472, phone (202) 646-2500

 Administrator.--Pete Gaynor.

[[Page 786]]

     Deputy Administrator.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff.--Eric Heighberger.
     Senior Law Enforcement Advisor to the Administrator.--Roberto L. 
        Hylton.
     Director, Office of:
          Center of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships.--Kevin 
            Smith.
          Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs Divisions.--Robby 
            Wehagen.
          Disability Integration and Coordination.--Linda Mastrandea.
          Equal Rights.--Jo Linda Johnson.
          Executive Operations.--Marcia Hodges.
          Executive Secretariat.--Nicole Dyson.
          External Affairs.--Jessica Nalepa.
          National Advisory Council.--Jasper Cooke.
          National Capital Region Coordination.--Kim Kadesch.
          Regional Operations.--Elizabeth Edge.
     Chief Counsel.--Adrian Sevier.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Mary Comans (acting).
     Associate Administrator for Policy, Program Analysis and 
        International Affairs.--Joel Doolin.
     Deputy Administrator, Protection and National Preparedness.--Chad 
        Gorman (acting).
     Assistant Administrators:
          Grant Programs.--Bridget Bean (acting).
          National Continuity Programs.--William Zito, Jr.
          National Preparedness.--Alex Amparo.
     Administrator, U.S. Fire Administration.--G. Keith Bryant.
     Deputy Associate Administrator, Mission Support.--Traci L. Clever.
     Chiefs, Mission Support:
          Administrative Officer.--Tracey Showman.
          Component Human Capital Officer.--Karen Filipponi.
          Information Officer.--Lytwaive Hutchinson.
          Procurement Officer.--Bobby McCane.
          Security Officer.--Michael Apodaca (acting).
     Associate Administrator, Response and Recovery.--Jeff Byard.
     Deputy Associate Administrator, Response and Recovery.--David Bibo.
     Assistant Administrators:
          Field Operations.--John Rabin.
          Logistics.--Jeffrey Dorko.
          Recovery.--Keith Turi (acting).
          Response.--Damon Penn.
     Deputy Associate Administrator for Insurance and Mitigation, 
        Federal Insurance and Mitigation Administration.--David 
        Maurstad.

               COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD)

                           phone (202) 254-8866

 Assistant Secretary.--David Richardson.
     Chief of Staff.--Charles Cook (acting).

               TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (TSA)

              601 South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6001

 Administrator / Assistant Secretary.--David P. Pekoske.
     Deputy Administrator.--Patricia Cogswell.
     Chief of Staff.--Ryan Propis.

             UNITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION (CBP)

            1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20229

 Commissioner.--Mark Alan Morgan (acting), (202) 344-2001.
     Deputy Commissioner.--Robert E. Perez, 344-2001.
     Chief of Staff.--Debbie W. Seguin (acting), 344-2001.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Steve Schorr, 344-2001.
     Deputy Chief of Staff (Policy).--John J. Yap (acting), 344-2369.
     Chief Counsel.--Scott Falk, 344-2940.
     Executive Assistant Commissioner of:

[[Page 787]]

          Air and Marine.--Edward E. Young, 344-3950.
          Enterprise Services.--Benjamine ``Carry'' Huffman, 344-2300.
          Field Operations.--Todd C. Owen 202-344-1620.
          Operations Support.--William Ferrara, 344-2230.
          Trade.--Brenda Brockman Smith, 325-6000.
     Chief, United States Border Patrol.--Rodney S. Scott, 325-1596.
     Assistant Commissioner of:
          Congressional Affairs.--Stephanie Talton (acting), 344-1760.
          International Affairs.--E. Erik Moncayo (acting), 344-3000.
          Professional Responsibility.--Matthew Klein, 344-1800.
          Public Affairs.--Casey Durst, 344-1137.
     Executive Director, Office of:
          Intergovernmental Public Liaison.--Tim Quinn, 325-0871.
          Policy.--Marty P. Chavers (acting), 325-1395.
          Privacy and Diversity.--Rebekah A. Salazar, 344-1610.
          Trade Relations.--Valarie M. Neuhart (acting), 344-1440.
     Director, Executive Secretariat.--Wayne Winterling, 344-1684.

          UNITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT (ICE)

 Director.--Matthew T. Albence (acting), (202) 732-3000.
     Deputy Director.--Derek N. Benner (acting), 732-3000.
     Chief of Staff.--Christopher S. Kelly, 732-3000.
     Assistant Director of:
          Congressional Relations.--Raymond Kovacic, 732-4200.
          Professional Responsibility.--Waldemar Rodriguez, 732-8300.
          Public Affairs.--Charissa Pallas, 732-4251.
     Principal Legal Advisor.--Tracy Short, 732-5001.
     Executive Secretariat.--Corey Mayberry, 732-4307.
     Executive Associate Director, Enforcement and Removal Operations.--
        Timothy Robbins, 732-3100.
     Deputy Executive Associate Director, Enforcement and Removal 
        Operations.--Henry Lucero, 732-3100.
     Assistant Director of:
          Custody Management.--Tae D. Johnson, 732-3100.
          Enforcement.--Chris Cronen, 732-4546.
          Field Operations.--Gregory Archambeault (acting), 732-3111.
          ICE Health Service Corps.--Dr. Steward D. Smith, 732-3100.
          Operational Support.--Jacki B. Klopp, 732-3100.
          Repatriation.--Marlen Pineiro, 732-3100.
     Executive Associate Director, Homeland Security Investigations.--
        Alysa D. Erichs, 732-5110.
     Deputy Executive Associate Director, Homeland Security 
        Investigations.--Matthew Allen, 732-5100.
     Assistant Director for--
          Domestic Operations.--Debra Parker, 732-3907.
          Intelligence.--Peter J. Hatch, 732-3101.
          International Affairs.--Patrick J. Lechleitner, 732-5100.
          Mission Support.--Katrina Berger, 732-5100.
          National Security Investigations Division.--David Shaw, 732-
            5100.
          Programs.--Greg Nevano, 732-5100.
     Executive Associate Director, Management and Administration.--Staci 
        Barrera, 732-3000.
     Director, Acquisition Management.--Albert Dainton, 732-3000.
     Assistant Director, Diversity Officer and Civil Rights.--Scott F. 
        Lanum, 732-0125.
     Director, Chief Financial Officer.--Stephen Roncone, 732-6208.
     Chief Information Officer.--Irfan Malik, 732-1045.
     Freedom of Information Act Officer.--Catrina Pavlik Keenan, 732-
        6259.
     Human Capital Officer.--Susan Cullen, 732-3100.
     Assistant Director, Office of Leadership and Career Development.--
        Sandra Walker, 732-3100.
     Assistant Director, Office of Policy.--Debbie Seguin, 732-5323.
     Assistant Director, Information Governance and Privacy Officer.--
        Kenneth Clark, 732-3300.


[[Page 788]]



                 FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS

                1131 Chapel Crossing Road, Glynco, GA 31524

 Director.--Thomas J. Walters (912) 267-2070.
     Deputy Director.--William Fallon, 267-2070.
     Chief of Staff.--Bryan Lemons, 267-2070.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--David Christy, 267-2070.
     Associate Director for Training Operations.--James R. Gregorius, 
        554-4284.
     Assistant Director for--
          Mission Readiness and Support Directorate.--Marcus L. Hill, 
            267-2231.
          National Capital Region Training Operations.--Darren Cruzan 
            (202) 233-0260.
     Assistant Director / Chief Financial Officer.--Donald R. Lewis 
        (912) 267-2999.
     Assistant Director / Chief Information Officer.--Michael L. Vesta, 
        267-2014.
     Core Training Operations Directorate.--Richard Deasey, 280-5326.
     Assistant Director / Chief Counsel.--Michael Bunker, 554-4487.
     Training Management Operations Directorate.--Ariana Roddini 
        (acting), 554-4456.
     Technical Training Operations Directorate.--Dominic D. Braccio, 
        267-2040.
     Chief for--
          Office of Organizational Health.--Brenda M. Lloyd, 267-2280.
          Office of Security and Professional Responsibility.--Kaizad 
            Munshi, 267-3027.
          Protocol and Communications Office.--Christa Thompson 
            (acting), 267-2447.

            UNITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES

   20 Massachusetts Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20529, phone (202) 272-
                                  1000

 Director.--Kenneth T. Cuccinelli (acting).
     Deputy Director.--Mark Koumans.
     Chief of Staff.--Lora Ries.
     Chief Information Officer.--Bill McElhaney.
     Associate Director for--
          Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate.--Matthew 
            Emrich.
          Refugee, Asylum and International Operations Directorate.--
            Jennifer Higgins.
          Service Center Operations Directorate.--Donald Neufeld.
     Chief, Office of:
          Administration.--Michael Gibbs.
          Administrative Appeals.--Barbara Velarde.
          Chief Counsel.--Joseph Edlow.
          Chief Financial Officer.--Kika Scott.
          External Affairs Directorate.--Kathryn Rexrode (Legislative 
            and Intergovernmental Affairs, Public Affairs, and 
            Citizenship and Applicant Information Services fall under 
            this directorate).
          Policy and Strategy.--Kathy Nuebel-Kovarik.

                         UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

       2703 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 20593

                           phone (202) 372-4400

 Commandant.--ADM Karl Schultz.
     Vice Commandant.--ADM Charles W. Ray.
     Deputy Commandant for--
          Mission Support.--VADM Michael F. McAllister.
          Operations.--VADM Daniel B. Abel.
     Chief Administrative Law Judge.--Hon. Walter Brudzinski.
     Judge Advocate General / Chief Counsel.--RADM Steven J. Anderson.
     Deputy Judge Advocate General / Deputy Chief Counsel.--Calvin 
        Lederer.
     Director of Governmental and Public Affairs.--RADM Melissa Bert.
     Senior Military Advisor to the Secretary of Homeland Security.--
        RDML Brendan C. McPherson.

[[Page 789]]

                       UNITED STATES SECRET SERVICE

         245 Murray Drive, SW., Building T-5, Washington, DC 20223

 Director.--James M. Murray.
     Deputy Director.--Leonza Newsome III.
     Special Agent in Charge, Congressional Affairs Program.--Benjamin 
        P. Kramer (202) 406-5676, fax 406-5740.

[[Page 790]]


