

Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020. - 


Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020.
[Pages 989-1097]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES *

                           SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                  The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

                       https://dailypress.senate.gov

 Director.--Laura Lytle.
     Deputy Director.--Christopher Bois.

          Senior Media Relations Coordinators:
    Amy H. Gross
    John E. Mulligan III
    Kristyn K. Socknat
          Media Relations Coordinators:
    Laura E. Reed
    Samantha J. Yeider

                            HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

                  The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945

                      https://pressgallery.house.gov

 Superintendent.--Annie Tin.
     Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon.
          Assistant Superintendents:
 Ric Anderson
 Edward Kachinske
 Kristine Michalson
 Jill Ornitz

                   STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                             Sarah Wire, Los Angeles 
                                                Times, Chair
                                             Jonathan Tamari, 
                                                Philadelphia Inquirer, 
                                                Secretary
                                             Rachel Oswald, 
                                                Congressional Quarterly
                                             Jonathan Salant, New Jersey 
                                                Advance Media
                                             Andrew Taylor, Associated 
                                                Press
                                  _______

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

     1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the Galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective Gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule VI of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and

[[Page 990]]

control of the Speaker and Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be 
interpreted and administered by the Standing Committee of 
Correspondents, subject to the review and an approval by the Senate 
Committee on Rules and Administration.
     3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bone fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.
     4. An applicant for press credentials through the Daily Press 
Galleries must establish to the satisfaction of the Standing Committee 
of Correspondents that he or she is a fulltime, paid correspondent who 
requires on-site access to congressional members and staff.
     Correspondents must be employed by a news organization:
      (a) with General Publication periodicals mailing privileges under 
U.S. Postal Service rules, and which publishes daily; or
      (b) whose principal business is the daily dissemination of 
original news and opinion of interest to a broad segment of the public, 
and which has published continuously for 18 months.
     The applicant must reside in the Washington, D.C. area, and must 
not be engaged in any lobbying or paid advocacy, advertising, publicity 
or promotion work for any individual, political party, corporation, 
organization, or agency of the U.S. Government, or in prosecuting any 
claim before Congress or any federal government department, and will not 
do so while a member of the Daily Press Galleries.
     Applicants' publications must be editorially independent of any 
institution, foundation or interest group that lobbies the federal 
government, or that is not principally a general news organization.
     Failure to provide information to the Standing Committee for this 
determination, or misrepresenting information, can result in the denial 
or revocation of credentials.
     5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to 
the privileges of the Galleries.
     6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no 
changes in these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not 
less than 100 accredited members of the galleries. The above rules have 
been approved by the Committee on Rules and Administration.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                                  Roy Blunt,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.


[[Page 991]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                                 PRESS 
                               GALLERIES

 Abbott, Charles: FERN's Ag Insider by Charles Abbott

 Abe, Mineko: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Abott, Richard: Defense Daily

 Abutaleb, Yasmeen: Washington Post

 Achenbach, Joel: Washington Post

 Ackerman, Andrew: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Adams, Rebecca: CQ / Roll Call

 Adams, T. Becket: Washington Examiner

 af Kleen, Bjorn: Dagens Nyheter

 Ahmann, Timothy: Thomson Reuters

 Ahmed, Akbar Shahid: Huffington Post

 Alandete Ballester, David: ABC Newspaper

 Albaqami, Hamad: Saudi Press Agency

 Albaqami, Hindi: Saudi Press Agency

 Alemany, Jacqueline: Washington Post

 Alexander, Keith: Washington Post

 Alexis, Alexei: CQ / Roll Call

 Alfaro Martinez, Mariana: Washington Post

 Ali, Idrees: Thomson Reuters

 Allahverdi, Safvan: Anadolu News Agency

 Allassan, Fadel: Axios

 Allen, Michael: Axios

 Allen, Nicholas: London Daily Telegraph

 Allison, William: Bloomberg News

 Alltucker, Kenneth: USA Today

 Almubarak, Haifaa: Saudi Press Agency

 Alonso, Ricardo: Associated Press

 Alonso, Hernan Martin: EFE News Services

 Alper, Alexandra: Thomson Reuters

 Ampolsk, Sarah: Kyodo News

 Anders Hagstrom, Anders: Daily Caller

 Anderson, Greta: Inside Higher Ed

 Anderson, Mark: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Anderson, Nicholas: Washington Post

 Andrews, Natalie: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Aoyama, Naoatsu: Asahi Shimbun

 Appelbaum, Binyamin: New York Times

 Appleby, Julie: Kaiser Health News

 Arai, Takuya: Kyodo News

 Aratani, Lori: Washington Post

 Armour, Stephanie: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Arnsdorf, Isaac: ProPublica

 Arundel, Kara: LRP Publications

 Ashizuka, Tomoko: Nikkei

 Asseo, Laurie: Bloomberg News

 Aubourg, Lucie: Agence France-Presse

 Aukofer, Frank: Artists & Writers Syndicate

 Austin, Emily: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Ayesh, Rashaan: Axios

 Bacon, Erin: CQ / Roll Call

 Bade, Rachael: Washington Post

 Badger, Emily: New York Times

 Bailey, Holly: Washington Post

 Bain, Benjamin: Bloomberg News

 Baird, Addy: Buzzfeed

 Baker, Samuel: Axios

 Baker, Brian: MLEX US

 Baker, Peter: New York Times

 Baldor, Lolita: Associated Press

 Ball, Michael: Argus Media

 Ballhaus, Rebecca: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Balsamo, Michael: Associated Press

 Balz, Daniel: Washington Post

 Banco, Erin: Daily Beast

 Banerjee, Neela: Inside Climate News

 Banks, Adelle: Religion News Service

 Barker, Jeffrey: Baltimore Sun

 Barnes, Julian: New York Times

 Barnes, Robert: Washington Post

 Baron, Martin: Washington Post

 Barone, Michael: Washington Examiner

 Barr, Cameron: Washington Post

 Barrett, John: Washington Post

 Barros Cantillo, Laura: EFE News Services

 Bartash, Jeffry: MarketWatch

 Bartz, Diane: Thomson Reuters

 Basu, Zachary: Axios

 Batz, Jurgen: German Press Agency-DPA

 Baykan, Dildar: Anadolu News Agency

 Beattie, Anita: Agence France-Presse

 Beattie, Jeffrey: Energy Daily

 Becker, Amanda: Thomson Reuters

 Beckett, Paul: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Beckwith, Ryan: Bloomberg News

 Bedard, Paul: Washington Examiner

 Beech, Eric: Thomson Reuters

 Beene, Ryan: Bloomberg News

 Beg, Sajeer: CQ / Roll Call

 Behrmann, Savannah: USA Today

 Beinart, Matthew: Defense Daily

 Belaiba, Ines: Agence France-Presse

 Bell, Alistair: Thomson Reuters

 Bell, Jarrett: USA Today

 Benac, Nancy: Associated Press

 Bender, Michael: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Bendery, Jennifer: Huffington Post

 Benjaminson, Wendy: Bloomberg News

 Benner, Katie: New York Times

 Benning, Thomas: Dallas Morning News

[[Page 992]]

 Benning, Victoria: Washington Post

 Benyon, Steven: Stars and Stripes

 Berg, Kirsten: ProPublica

 Berkowitz, Steven: USA Today

 Berley, Max: Bloomberg News

 Berman, Mark: Washington Post

 Berner, Anna Sofia: Helsingin Sanomat

 Berry, Lynn: Associated Press

 Berry, Deborah: Gannett Washington Bureau

 Bever, Kathleen: CQ / Roll Call

 Bidgood, Jessica: Boston Globe

 Bierman, Noah: Los Angeles Times

 Biesecker, Michael: Associated Press

 Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

 Bing, Christopher: Thomson Reuters

 Black, William: Asahi Shimbun

 Blanc, Sebastien: Agence France-Presse

 Bland, Melissa: Thomson Reuters

 Blokker, Bastiaan: NRC Handelsblad

 Blum, Justin: Bloomberg News

 Blumenthal, Paul: Huffington Post

 Boak, Joshua: Associated Press

 Bobic, Igor: Huffington Post

 Bocchetti, Mark: CQ / Roll Call

 Bohan, Caren: USA Today

 Booker, Janet: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Bordelon, Brendan: National Journal

 Borenstein, Seth: Associated Press

 Borger, Julian: Guardian US,

 Bose, Nandita: Thomson Reuters

 Boshart, Glen: S & P Global

 Bouchard, Mikayla: New York Times

 Bowden, Ebony: New York Post

 Bowers, Becky: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Bowers, Jeremy: Washington Post

 Boyer, Antoine: Agence France-Presse

 Boyer, David: Washington Times

 Brandt, Martin: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Braun, Stephen: Associated Press

 Bravin, Jess: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Brodbeck, Scott: LocalNews Now

 Broderick, Timothy: Christian Science Monitor

 Brodey, Sam: Daily Beast

 Brody, Ben: Bloomberg News

 Brooks, David: La Jornada

 Brooks, David: New York Times

 Brown, Emma: Washington Post

 Brune, Thomas: Newsday

 Brunnstrom, David: Thomson Reuters

 Bufkin, Elizabeth: Washington Examiner

 Bull, Alister: Bloomberg News

 Bulla, Beatriz: O Estado De S. Paulo

 Bumiller, Elisabeth: New York Times

 Burgess, Jeffrey: New York Times

 Burk, Ginger: Thomson Reuters

 Burke, Melissa: Detroit News

 Burley, Tahirah: New York Times

 Burnett, Mark: CQ / Roll Call

 Burns, Robert: Associated Press

 Burr, Thomas: Salt Lake Tribune

 Burton, Thomas: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Buskirk, Howard: Communications Daily

 Bykowicz, Julie: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Calmes, Jackie: Los Angeles Times

 Camdessus, Camille: Agence France-Presse

 Cameron, Christopher: New York Times

 Campbell, Alexia: Center for Public Integrity

 Cannon, Carl: Real Clear Politics

 Capaccio, Anthony: Bloomberg News

 Caplan, Abby: Argus Media

 Capps, Kriston: Bloomberg News

 Caralle, Katelyn: DailyMail.com

 Cardenas, Teresa: CQ / Roll Call

 Carey, Dominic: Bloomberg News

 Carey, Mary Agnes: Kaiser Health News

 Carney, Timothy: Washington Examiner

 Carter, Charlene: CQ / Roll Call

 Cartillier, Jerome: Agence France-Presse

 Cassata, Donna: Washington Post

 Cassidy, Alan: Tages Anzeiger

 Catanese, David: McClatchy

 Celik, Can: MLEX US

 Cha, Joniel: S & P Global

 Cha, Ariana: Washington Post

 Chabanas, Julie: Agence France-Presse

 Chaffee, Conrad: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

 Chambers, Francesca: McClatchy

 Chaney, Sarah: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Chang, Chia: United Daily News

 Chang, Carolyn: World Journal

 Charlton, Emma: Agence France-Presse

 Charter, David: Times of London

 Chavez, Aida: The Intercept

 Cheng, Tsung-Shen: Taiwan Central News Agency

 Chiacu, Doina: Thomson Reuters

 Chiang, Chinyeh: Taiwan Central News Agency

 Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: WolfNews

 Chinni, Dante: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Chinyeh, Chiang: Central News Agency

 Cho, Yi Jun: Chosun Ilbo

 Chong, Christina: Korea Times

 Chorus, Jutta: NRC Handelsblad

 Christian, Molly: S & P Global

 Christian, Rodney: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Cimmino, Jeffrey: Washington Examiner

 Cirilli, Kevin: Bloomberg News

 Clark, Colin: Breaking Defense

 Clark, L. Kareema: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Clason, Lauren: CQ / Roll Call

 Clearfield, Alex: National Journal

 Clevenger, Andrew: CQ / Roll Call

 Clift, Eleanor: Daily Beast

 Cloud, David: Los Angeles Times

 Cochrane, Emily: New York Times

[[Page 993]]

 Codrea, George: CQ / Roll Call

 Cohen, Ian: International Trade Today

 Cohen, Zachary: National Journal

 Cohn, Peter: CQ / Roll Call

 Collins, Margaret: Bloomberg News

 Collins, Michael: Gannett Washington Bureau

 Collins, Eliza: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Colvin, Jill: Associated Press

 Colvin, Ross: Thomson Reuters

 Condon, Christopher: Bloomberg News

 Condon, George: National Journal

 Conlon, Charles: CQ / Roll Call

 Cooke, Anthony: MLEX US

 Cooney, Peter: Thomson Reuters

 Copley, Michael: S & P Global

 Copp, Tara: McClatchy

 Copur, Hakan: Anadolu News Agency

 Corchado, Alfredo: Dallas Morning News

 Cornwell, Susan: Thomson Reuters

 Correll, Diana: Washington Examiner

 Corrigan, John: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Corse, Alexa: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Costa, Robert: Washington Post

 Cottle, Michelle: New York Times

 Couronne, Ivan: Agence France-Presse

 Covey, Erin: National Journal

 Cowan, Richard: Thomson Reuters

 Cox, Matthew: Military.com

 Crabtree, Susan: Real Clear Politics

 Craig, Tim: Washington Post

 Cramer, Harrison: National Journal

 Crane, Marcy: S & P Global

 Crilly, Robert: Washington Examiner

 Crisp, Elizabeth: Baton Rouge Advocate

 Cross, Miriam: American Banker

 Crowley, Michael: New York Times

 Crutsinger, Martin: Associated Press

 Cullison, Alan: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Cullum, James: LocalNews Now

 Cummings, William: USA Today

 Cummings, Jeanne: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Cunningham, Stephen: Bloomberg News

 Cunningham, Paige: Washington Post

 Curtis, Laura: Bloomberg News

 Cuzin, Elodie: Agence France-Presse

 Dabbs, Brian: National Journal

 Daly, Matthew: Associated Press

 Daly, Kyle: Axios

 Daneman, Matthew: Communications Daily

 D'Angelo, Christopher: Huffington Post

 Daniel, Douglass: Associated Press

 Daniel, Annie: New York Times

 D'Anna, John: USA Today

 Dasgupta, Shirsho: McClatchy

 Date, Shirish: Huffington Post

 Datoc, Christian: Daily Caller

 Daugherty, Alex: McClatchy

 Davenport, Coral: New York Times

 Davenport, Christian: Washington Post

 Davidson, Julie: LRP Publications

 Davidson, Joseph: Washington Post

 Davidson Choma, Kate: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Davis, Julie: New York Times

 Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Davis, Aaron: Washington Post

 Davison, Laura: Bloomberg News

 Dawsey, Joshua: Washington Post

 Day, James: Energy Daily

 Day, Chad: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 DeBonis, Michael: Washington Post

 DeChalus, Camila: CQ / Roll Call

 Decker, Susan: Bloomberg News

 Decker, Cathleen: Washington Post

 DeFrank, Andrew: National Journal

 Dei, Ryota: Jiji Press

 Delaney, Arthur: Huffington Post

 Delgado-Robles, Jose: El Nuevo Dia

 Demirjian, Karoun: Washington Post

 Dennis, Steven: Bloomberg News

 Dennis, Brady: Washington Post

 Depillis, Lydia: ProPublica

 Dexheimer, Elizabeth: Bloomberg News

 DeYoung, Karen: Washington Post

 Dias, Marina: Folha de Sao Paulo

 Dias, Elizabeth: New York Times

 Diaz-Briseno, Jose: Reforma Newspaper

 Dickstein, Corey: Stars and Stripes

 Dieste Markl, Alina: Agence France-Presse

 Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

 Dlouhy, Jennifer: Bloomberg News

 Dmitrieva, Ekaterina: Bloomberg News

 Dobrik, Adam: Global Investigations Review

 Doemens, Karl: RND News Network

 Dolan, Christopher: Washington Times

 Dolley, Steven: S & P Global

 Donati-Bourne, Jessica: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Donnelly, John: CQ / Roll Call

 Dorning, Michael: Bloomberg News

 Douglas, Leah: FERN's Ag Insider by Charles Abbott

 Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

 Downing, James: Power Markets Today

 Doyle, Katherine: Washington Examiner

 Drogin, Robert: Los Angeles Times

 Drucker, David: Washington Examiner

 du Lac, Joshua: Washington Post

 Duehren, Andrew: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Dufour, Jeff: National Journal

 Dumain, Emma: McClatchy

 Duncan, Ian: Washington Post

 Dunham, William: Thomson Reuters

 Dunleavy, Jeremiah: Washington Examiner

 Dunlop, William: Agence France-Presse

[[Page 994]]

 Dunsmuir, Lindsay: Thomson Reuters

 Durkin, Erin: National Journal

 Dusseau, Brigitte: Agence France-Presse

 Duval, Sebastien: Agence France-Presse

 Earle, Geoffrey: DailyMail.com

 Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

 Ebersole Vaino, Jenna: MLEX US

 Edgerton, Anna: Bloomberg News

 Edmondson, Catie: New York Times

 Edwards-Levy, Ariel: Huffington Post

 Egan, Casey: S & P Global

 Egbame, Assima: Bloomberg News

 Egkolfopoulou, Misyrlena: Bloomberg News

 Eichelberger, Curtis: MLEX US

 Eilperin, Juliet: Washington Post

 Eisler, Peter: Thomson Reuters

 Elfin, David: LRP Publications

 Ellis, Isobel: National Journal

 Emerson, Lars: CQ / Roll Call

 Emmons, Alexander: The Intercept

 Engblom, Andrew: S & P Global

 Epstein, Edward: Argus Media

 Epstein, Jennifer: Bloomberg News

 Epstein, Reid: New York Times

 Epstein, Ethan: Washington Times

 Facher, Lev: STAT

 Fadulu, Lolade: New York Times

 Fahrenthold, David: Washington Post

 Fain, Paul: Inside Higher Ed

 Fallor, Evan: S & P Global

 Fandos, Nicholas: New York Times

 Fang, Marina: Huffington Post

 Fang, Lee: The Intercept

 Faries, William: Bloomberg News

 Fears, Darryl: Washington Post

 Fedor, Lauren: Financial Times

 Felder, Rafi: MLEX US

 Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

 Feldmann, Linda: Christian Science Monitor

 Felker, Edward: CQ / Roll Call

 Feltman, Peter: CQ / Roll Call

 Ferguson, Ellyn: CQ / Roll Call

 Fernandez, Marisa: Axios

 Fernandez, Alfonso: EFE News Services

 Ferrechio, Susan: Washington Examiner

 Ferriss, Susan: Center for Public Integrity

 Figueroa Hernandez, Laura: Newsday

 Fillion, Maxwell: MLEX US

 Fineman, Howard: Real Clear Politics

 Fingerhut, Hannah: Associated Press

 Finn, Teaganne: Bloomberg News

 Finney, Maranda: Daily Caller

 Firozi, Paulina: Washington Post

 Firth, Shannon: MedPage Today

 Fischer, Sara: Axios

 Fischer-Baum, Reuben: Washington Post

 Fisher, Marc: Washington Post

 FitzGerald, Drew: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Fitzmartin, Tara: Asahi Shimbun

 Flaherty, Mary: Washington Post

 Flatley, Daniel: Bloomberg News

 Flavelle, Christopher: New York Times

 Florko, Nicholas: STAT

 Foley, Elise: Huffington Post

 Fontelo, Paul: CQ / Roll Call

 Fontemaggi, Francesco: Agence France-Presse

 Forden, Sara: Bloomberg News

 Forrest, Brett: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Fouriezos, Nicholas: Ozy Media

 Fox, Benjamin: Associated Press

 Fram, Alan: Associated Press

 Francis, Theodore: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Frankel, Todd: Washington Post

 Freebairn, William: S & P Global

 Freedberg, Sydney: Breaking Defense

 Freedman, Andrew: Washington Post

 Freking, Kevin: Associated Press

 Frieden, Joyce: MedPage Today

 Friedman, Lisa: New York Times

 Fritze, John: USA Today

 Fry, Madeline: Washington Examiner

 Fryer-Biggs, Zachary: Center for Public Integrity

 Fuchino, Shinichi: Kyodo News

 Fujiwara, Akihiro: Kyodo News

 Fuller, Matthew: Huffington Post

 Funakoshi, Sho: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Furlow, Robert: Associated Press

 Furumoto, Yoso: Mainichi Shimbun

 Gaither, Ronald: McClatchy

 Galewitz, Philip: Kaiser Health News

 Gallu, Joshua: Bloomberg News

 Gambino, Lauren: Guardian US,

 Gamm, Colin: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Ganesh, Janan: Financial Times

 Gardner, Timothy: Thomson Reuters

 Gardner, Amy: Washington Post

 Gardner Whyte, Elizabeth: Washington Post

 Gearan, Anne: Washington Post

 Gehrke, Joel: Washington Examiner

 Geman, Benjamin: Axios

 George, Justin: Washington Post

 Ghani, Saleha: Bloomberg News

 Ghosh, Nirmal: Singapore Straits Times

 Giaritelli, Anna: Washington Examiner

 Gibbons-Neff, Thomas: New York Times

 Gibney, James: Bloomberg News

 Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

 Gillman, Todd: Dallas Morning News

 Gillum, Jack: ProPublica

 Ginsberg, Steven: Washington Post

 Givens, David: Argus Media

 Glazier, Kyle: Bond Buyer

 Glenn, Michael: Washington Times

 Gnoffo, Anthony: CQ / Roll Call

[[Page 995]]

 Goba, Kadia: Buzzfeed

 Gold, Shabtai: German Press Agency-DPA

 Gold, Matea: Washington Post

 Golden, Rodrek: Thomson Reuters

 Goldhamer Sherry, Marisha: Agence France-Presse

 Goldman, Adam: New York Times

 Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

 Golle, Henry: Bloomberg News

 Golshan, Tara: Huffington Post

 Gomez, Sergio: El Tiempo

 Gonzalez, Miguel: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Good, Allison: S & P Global

 Goodin, Emily: DailyMail.com

 Goodman, Alana: Washington Examiner

 Goodnough, Abigail: New York Times

 Goodwin, Liz: Boston Globe

 Gordon, Marcy: Associated Press

 Gordon, D. Craig: Bloomberg News

 Gordon, Meghan: S & P Global

 Gordon, Michael: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Gouveia Monteiro, Ana: Bloomberg News

 Grady, Anne: CQ / Roll Call

 Grandoni, Dino: Washington Post

 Grant, Paul: Thomson Reuters

 Graves, Lucia: Guardian US,

 Greber, Jacob: Australian Financial Review

 Greeley, Brendan: Financial Times

 Green, Justin: Axios

 Green, Joshua: Bloomberg News

 Greenberg, Jonathan: PolitiFact

 Greene, Ronnie: Thomson Reuters

 Gregg, Aaron: Washington Post

 Gresko, Jessica: Associated Press

 Greve, Joan: Guardian US,

 Greve, Joan: Washington Post

 Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

 Griffiths, Brent: Washington Post

 Grim, Ryan: The Intercept

 Grimaldi, James: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Groer, Anne L.: Annie Groer Writer At Large

 Groppe, Maureen: Gannett Washington Bureau

 Grube, Nicholas: Honolulu Civil Beat

 Guevara, Tomas: El Diario de Hoy

 Gugarats, Haik: Argus Media

 Guggenheim, Kenneth: Associated Press

 Gunerigok, Servet: Anadolu News Agency

 Gurman, Sadie: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Gustin, Georgina: Inside Climate News

 Haberkorn, Jennifer: Los Angeles Times

 Hackman, Michelle: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Haggerty, Cornelius: American Banker

 Hahn, Dorothea: Die Tageszeitung

 Halaschak, Zachary: Washington Examiner

 Hale, Zachary: S & P Global

 Hall, Eileen: Buzzfeed

 Hall, Kevin: McClatchy

 Halper, Evan: Los Angeles Times

 Halsey, Ashley: Washington Post

 Hamann, Carlos: Agence France-Presse

 Hamburger, Thomas: Washington Post

 Hamby, Chris: New York Times

 Hamilton, Jesse: Bloomberg News

 Hancock, James: Kaiser Health News

 Handley, Paul: Agence France-Presse

 Hanrahan, Timothy: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Harder, Amy: Axios

 Harkins, Gina: Military.com

 Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

 Harras, Steven: CQ / Roll Call

 Harris, Shane: Washington Post

 Harrison, David: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Harte, Julia: Thomson Reuters

 Harwell, Andrew: Washington Post

 Hatch, David: Daily Deal

 Hauser, Ryan: Market News International

 Hautkapp, Dirk: Funke Mediengruppe

 Hayashi, Yuka: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Hayes, Christal: USA Today

 Hazell, Dino: Associated Press

 Heath, Bradford: Thomson Reuters

 Heavey, Susan: Thomson Reuters

 Heflin, Jay: Washington Examiner

 Heim, Joseph: Washington Post

 Helderman, Rosalind: Washington Post

 Heltman, John: American Banker

 Henderson, Nell: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Hensley-Clancy, Molly: Buzzfeed

 Hepinstall, Sonya: Thomson Reuters

 Herchenroeder, Karl: Communications Daily

 Heredia Rodriguez, Carmen: Kaiser Health News

 Hermann, Peter: Washington Post

 Hernandez, Michael: Anadolu News Agency

 Hernandez, Arelis: Washington Post

 Herrmann, Frank: Rheinische Post

 Hesson, Theodore: Thomson Reuters

 Higgins, Sean: Washington Examiner

 Himori, Shiro: Kyodo News

 Hinckley, Story: Christian Science Monitor

 Hirji, Zahra: Buzzfeed

 Hitchens, Theresa: Breaking Defense

 Hogan, Monica: Communications Daily

 Hohmann, James: Washington Post

 Holan, Angie: PolitiFact

 Holden, Emily: Guardian US,

 Holland, Benjamin: Bloomberg News

 Holland, William: S & P Global

 Holland, Steve: Thomson Reuters

 Holmes, Allan: Center for Public Integrity

 Holzman, Jacob: S & P Global

 Hood, David: S & P Global

 Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

 Hopkins, Jamie: Center for Public Integrity

 Horwitz, Sari: Washington Post

 Hosenball, Mark: Thomson Reuters

[[Page 996]]

 House, Billy: Bloomberg News

 Howard, Megan: Bloomberg News

 Howell, Thomas: Washington Times

 Hoyama, Taisei: Nikkei

 Hsu, Stacy: Central News Agency

 Hsu, Spencer: Washington Post

 Hu, Zexi: China People's Daily

 Hudson, Clara: Global Investigations Review

 Hudson, Jasmin: S & P Global

 Hudson, John: Washington Post

 Huetteman, Emmarie: Kaiser Health News

 Hughes, Siobhan: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Hulac, Benjamin: CQ / Roll Call

 Hulse, Carl: New York Times

 Hurley, Lawrence: Thomson Reuters

 Hurt, Henry: Washington Times

 Ignatiou, Michail: Phileleftheros Cyprus

 Ikeda, Susumu: Akahata

 Ikeda, Kai: Kyodo News

 Ip, Gregory: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Irby, Kate: McClatchy

 Ishibashi, Miki: Kyodo News

 Ishigaki ,Hideyuki: Jiji Press

 Isikoff, Michael: Yahoo News

 Ismay, John: New York Times

 Ivanovich, David: Argus Media

 Iwata, Nakahiro: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

 Jacke, Christiane: German Press Agency-DPA

 Jackson, Herbert: CQ / Roll Call

 Jackson, David: USA Today

 Jacobs, Jennifer: Bloomberg News

 Jacobson, Louis: PolitiFact

 Jaffe, Alexandra: Associated Press

 Jakes-Jason, Lara: New York Times

 Jalonick, Mary Clare: Associated Press

 Jameel, Maryam: ProPublica

 Jamerson, Joshua: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Jamieson, Dave: Huffington Post

 Jan, Tracy: Washington Post

 Jansen, Bart: USA Today

 Jaulmes, Adrien: Le Figaro

 Jenkins, John: Religion News Service

 Jenks, Paul: CQ / Roll Call

 Jha, Lalit: India Press Trust

 Johnson, Ted: Deadline

 Johnson, Akilah: ProPublica

 Johnson, Katanga: Thomson Reuters

 Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

 Johnson, Jenna: Washington Post

 Johnston, Nicholas: Axios

 Jonson Hart, Kimberly: Axios

 Jordan, David: CQ / Roll Call

 Jordan, Alethea: Gannett Washington Bureau

 Jordan, Mary: Washington Post

 Judkis, Maura: Washington Post

 Julien, Cyril: Agence France-Presse

 Jung, Hyosik: Joongang Ilbo

 Jung, Jae Young: Segye Times

 Kagubare, Ines: Global Investigations Review

 Kaiya, Michitaka: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Kaminishikawara, Jun: Kyodo News

 Kampeas, Ronald: Jewish Telegraphic Agency

 Kanasugi, Takao: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

 Kane, Paul: Washington Post

 Kaneya, Rui: Center for Public Integrity

 Kang, Insun: Chosun Ilbo

 Kang, Cecilia: New York Times

 Kanno-Youngs, Zolan: New York Times

 Kaplan, Sheila: New York Times

 Kaplan, Thomas: New York Times

 Kaplan, Sophie: Washington Times

 Karam, Joyce: National (The),

 Karanth, Sanjana: Huffington Post

 Katori, Keisuke: Asahi Shimbun

 Kawachi, Motoko: Nikkei

 Kawanami, Takeshi: Nikkei

 Kearns, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

 Keating, Daniel: Washington Post

 Keefe, Stephen: Nikkei

 Keenan, Edward: Toronto Star

 Kehaulani Goo, Sara: Axios

 Kelley, Patrick: CQ / Roll Call

 Kellman Blazar, Laurie: Associated Press

 Kelly, Kimbrielle: Los Angeles Times

 Kelly, Christopher: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

 Kendall, Brent: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Kennedy, Elizabeth: Associated Press

 Kenney, Caitlin: Stars and Stripes

 Kenyon, Henry: CQ / Roll Call

 Kerr, Jennifer: Associated Press

 Kertes, Noella: CQ / Roll Call

 Kessler, Glenn: Washington Post

 Kesten, Louis: Associated Press

 Khalil, Ashraf: Associated Press

 Kiernan, Paul: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Kim, Anne: CQ / Roll Call

 Kim, Eun: CQ / Roll Call

 Kim, Jaejoong: Kyunghyang Daily News

 Kim, Soyoung: Thomson Reuters

 Kim, Seung Min: Washington Post

 Kindy, Kimberly: Washington Post

 Kinery, Emma: Bloomberg News

 King, Ledyard: Gannett Washington Bureau

 Kirchgaessner, Stephanie: Guardian US,

 Kleiner, Sarah: Center for Public Integrity

 Klimasinska, Katarzyna: Bloomberg News

 Klimkeit, Lena: German Press Agency-DPA

 Knickmeyer, Ellen: Associated Press

 Knight, Christopher: Argus Media

 Knight, Victoria: Kaiser Health News

 Knott, Matthew: Sydney Morning Herald

 Knutson, Jacob: Axios

 Kodjak, Alison: Associated Press

 Koffler, Keith: White House Dossier

[[Page 997]]

 Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

 Kondo, Masaki: Jiji Press

 Konishi, Jiro: Jiji Press

 Kopan, Tal: San Francisco Chronicle

 Kopp, Emily: CQ / Roll Call

 Korte, Gregory: Bloomberg News

 Kosova, Weston: Bloomberg News

 Kovacheva, Iva: Mainichi Shimbun

 Krantz, Laura: Boston Globe

 Krasny, Rosalind: Bloomberg News

 Krawczak, Paul: CQ / Roll Call

 Krishan, Nihal: Washington Examiner

 Kucinich, Jackie: Daily Beast

 Kurose, Yoshinari: Sankei Shimbun

 Lackey, Katharine: CQ / Roll Call

 LaFraniere, Sharon: New York Times

 Laing, Keith: Detroit News

 Lake, Eli: Bloomberg News

 Lakshman, Sriram: ``Hindu, The''

 Lambert, Lisa: Thomson Reuters

 Landay, Jonathan: Thomson Reuters

 Lang, Hannah: American Banker

 Lang, Marissa: Washington Post

 Langan, Michael: Agence France-Presse

 Langberg, Oystein: Aftenposten

 Lange, Jason: Thomson Reuters

 Lanman, Scott: Bloomberg News

 Lanne, Makini: Thomson Reuters

 Lanteaume, Sylvie: Agence France-Presse

 Laping, Karen: S & P Global

 Lardner, Richard: Associated Press

 Larimer, Sarah: Washington Post

 Laris, Michael: Washington Post

 Larsen, Poul: Jyllands-Posten

 Larsen, Emily: Washington Examiner

 Lauter, David: Los Angeles Times

 Lavelle, Marianne: Inside Climate News

 Lawder, David: Thomson Reuters

 Lawler, David: Axios

 Lawler, Joseph: Washington Examiner

 Lawrence, Katharine: USA Today

 Layton, Lyndsey: Washington Post

 Lazo, Luz: Washington Post

 Leal, Lucia: EFE News Services

 Leary, Alex: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Lee, Matthew: Associated Press

 Lee, Ariel: Dong-A Ilbo

 Lee, Mara: International Trade Today

 Lee, Chang Yul: Korea Times

 Lee, Jong Kook: Korea Times

 Lee, Dong: Los Angeles Times

 Lee, Michelle: Washington Post

 Lefkow, David: Agence France-Presse

 Leibovich, Mark: New York Times

 Lemus, Katherina: Thomson Reuters

 Leonard, Jennifer: Bloomberg News

 Lerer, Lisa: New York Times

 Lerman, David: CQ / Roll Call

 Lester, William: Associated Press

 Leubsdorf, Carl: Dallas Morning News

 Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

 Levey, Noam: Los Angeles Times

 Levin, Alan: Bloomberg News

 Levine, Carrie: Center for Public Integrity

 Levinthal, David: Center for Public Integrity

 Levy, Rachel: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Lewis, Gregory: CQ / Roll Call

 Lewis, Herbert: CQ / Roll Call

 Lewis, Matthew: Daily Beast

 Lewis, Philip: Huffington Post

 Li, Zhiwei: China People's Daily

 Liebert, Larry: Bloomberg News

 Lightman, David: McClatchy

 Lim, Naomi: Washington Examiner

 Lind, Dara: ProPublica

 Linderman, Juliet: Associated Press

 Linskey, Anne: Washington Post

 Liptak, Adam: New York Times

 Lipton, Eric: New York Times

 Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

 Livingston, Abby: Texas Tribune

 Livni, Ephrat: Quartz

 Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

 Lockwood, Frank: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

 Londres, Eduardo: Bloomberg News

 Long, Colleen: Associated Press

 Long, Heather: Washington Post

 Loop, Emma: Buzzfeed

 Lovelace, Ryan: Washington Times

 Lowry, Bryan: McClatchy

 Lubold, Gordon: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Luce, Edward: Financial Times

 Lucero, Kat: MLEX US

 Luo, Xiaoyuan: World Journal

 Lustig, Michael: S & P Global

 Luthra, Shefali: Kaiser Health News

 Lynch, Suzanne: Irish Times

 Lynch, Sarah: Thomson Reuters

 Lynch, David: Washington Post

 Macagnone, Michael: CQ / Roll Call

 Machi, Vivienne: Defense Daily

 Madhani, Aamer: Associated Press

 Magner, Michael: CQ / Roll Call

 Make, Jonathan: Communications Daily

 Makieli, Justine: New York Times

 Makita, Kazuhiko: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Maler, Sandra: Thomson Reuters

 Mandato, Brian: McClatchy

 Mann, Jason: CQ / Roll Call

 Mann, Edward: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Mannion, James: Agence France-Presse

 Manson, Katrina: Financial Times

 Marfil, Jude: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Marino, Kim Ben: Financial Times

[[Page 998]]

 Mark, David: Washington Examiner

 Markay, Lachlan: Daily Beast

 Marks, Joseph: Washington Post

 Mars, Amanda: El Pais

 Martin, Lawrence: Globe and Mail

 Martin, Gary: Las Vegas Review-Journal

 Martin, Jonathan: New York Times

 Mascaro, Lisa: Associated Press

 Mashie, Abraham: Washington Examiner

 Mason, Jeffrey: Thomson Reuters

 Masterson, Lauren: Argus Media

 Mastio, David: USA Today

 Mathes, Michael: Agence France-Presse

 Matthews, Samuel: Yahoo News

 Mauldin, William: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Mauriello, Tracie: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

 Mayes, Brittany: Washington Post

 McAuliff, Michael: New York Daily News

 McBride, Courtney: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 McCabe, David: New York Times

 McCammond, Alexi: Axios

 McCarten, James: Canadian Press

 McCarthy, William: PolitiFact

 McCartney, Robert: Washington Post

 McCreesh, Shawn: New York Times

 McGill, Margaret: Axios

 McGinley, Mary: Washington Post

 McGough, Michael: Los Angeles Times

 McIntire, Mary Ellen: CQ / Roll Call

 McIntyre, Michelle: Washington Post

 McKenzie, Lindsay: Inside Higher Ed

 McKinnon, John: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 McLaughlin, David: Bloomberg News

 McLaughlin, Seth: Washington Times

 McLaughlin, Jenna: Yahoo News

 McLeary, Paul: Breaking Defense

 McLeod, Paul: Buzzfeed

 McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

 McSwane, J. David: ProPublica

 Meadows, Clifton: New York Times

 Meckler, Laura: Washington Post

 Meehan, Brian: Bloomberg News

 Megerian, Christopher: Los Angeles Times

 Meier, Lauren: Washington Times

 Meiritz, Annett: Handelsblatt

 Mellnik, Ted: Washington Post

 Mendoza, Jessica: Christian Science Monitor

 Mercer, Marsha: Mercer Media

 Merey, Can: German Press Agency-DPA

 Merle, Renae: Washington Post

 Mersereau, Anson: Asahi Shimbun

 Mershon, Erin: STAT

 Metz, Jacob: CQ / Roll Call

 Michaels, David: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Middleton, Christopher : Bloomberg News

 Migdon, Brooke: Market News International

 Milbank, Dana: Washington Post

 Miller, Zeke: Associated Press

 Miller, Kathleen: Bloomberg News

 Miller, Richard: Bloomberg News

 Miller, Jonathan: CQ / Roll Call

 Miller, Gregory: Washington Post

 Miller, S.A.: Washington Times

 Milliken, Mary: Thomson Reuters

 Mills-Gregg, Dorothy: Military.com

 Mimms, Sarah: Buzzfeed

 Minkoff, Michelle: Associated Press

 Mir De Francia, Ricardo: El Periodico

 Misra, Tanvi: CQ / Roll Call

 Mitchell, Tia: Atlanta Journal Constitution

 Moday, Todd: Bloomberg News

 Mohammed, Arshad: Thomson Reuters

 Montague, Zachary: New York Times

 Montgomery, David: Washington Post

 Montgomery, Lori: Washington Post

 Monyak, Frederick: Associated Press

 Moore, Daniel: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

 Moran, Catherine: LocalNews Now

 Morath, Eric: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Mordock, Jeffrey: Washington Times

 Morello, Carol: Washington Post

 Morgan, Jonathan: Bloomberg News

 Morgan, David: Thomson Reuters

 Morin, Rebecca: USA Today

 Morrison, Cassidy: Washington Examiner

 Morrow, Adrian: Globe and Mail

 Morton, Joseph: Omaha World-Herald

 Mott, Gregory: Bloomberg News

 Mouren, Leo: Agence France-Presse

 Mufson, Steven: Washington Post

 Mullins, Broderick: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Munoz, Gabriella: Washington Times

 Munson, Emilie: Hearst Newspapers

 Murakami, Kery: Inside Higher Ed

 Murray, Kieran: Thomson Reuters

 Mutikani, Lucia: Thomson Reuters

 Myers, Marcia: CQ / Roll Call

 Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

 Naganuma, Aki: Nikkei

 Nagasawa, Tsuyoshi: Nikkei

 Nakai, Daisuke: Kyodo News

 Nakai, Masahiro: Mainichi Shimbun

 Nakamura, Ryo: Nikkei

 Nakamura, David: Washington Post

 Nakashima, Ellen: Washington Post

 Nasaw, Daniel: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Nather, David: Axios

 Natter, Ari: Bloomberg News

 Navarro, Beatriz: La Vanguardia

 Navarro Morales, Ariela: Agence France-Presse

 Nawaguna, Elvina: CQ / Roll Call

 Naylor, Sean: Yahoo News

 Nazaryan, Aleksandr: Yahoo News

 Neergaard, Lauran: Associated Press

[[Page 999]]

 Nelson, Steven: New York Post

 Newkumet, Christopher: S & P Global

 Newmyer, Tory: Washington Post

 Nicholas, Andrew: Kyodo News

 Nickol, Alexander: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Nix, Naomi: Bloomberg News

 Nixon, Ron: Associated Press

 Nocera, Kate: Buzzfeed

 Nuckols, Benjamin: Associated Press

 O'Toole, Molly: Los Angeles Times

 O'Brien, Lawrence: Huffington Post

 O'Connell, Jonathan: Washington Post

 O'Donnell, Paul: Religion News Service

 O'Harrow, Robert: Washington Post

 Ohlemacher, Stephen: Associated Press

 Ohlheiser, Abigail: Washington Post

 O'Keeffe, Kate: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Oliphant, James: Thomson Reuters

 Olson, Laura: Allentown Morning Call

 Omeokwe, Amara: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 O'Reilly, Eileen: Axios

 O'Reilly, Cary: CQ / Roll Call

 Orol, Ronald: Daily Deal

 Osborne, James: Houston Chronicle

 Oswald, Rachel: CQ / Roll Call

 Ota, Alan: Law 360

 Ott, Matthew: Associated Press

 Otton, Christian: Agence France-Presse

 Ourlian, Robert: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Overberg, Paul: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Owens, Caitlin: Axios

 Pace, Julie: Associated Press

 Page, Clarence: Chicago Tribune

 Page, Susan: USA Today

 Page, Paul: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Pager, Tyler: Bloomberg News

 Paletta, Damian: Washington Post

 Pamuk, Humeyra: Thomson Reuters

 Pandey, Erica: Axios

 Pandi, Nicolas: Jiji Press

 Paris, Gilles: Le Monde

 Park, Hyun Young: Joongang Ilbo

 Parker, Mario: Bloomberg News

 Parker, Ashley: Washington Post

 Parlapiano, Alicia: New York Times

 Parschalk, William: Jiji Press

 Pascual Macias, Beatriz: EFE News Services

 Patel, Anjali: LRP Publications

 Patterson, Scott: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Paul, Corey: S & P Global

 Pavlova, Uliana: MLEX US

 Pawlyk, Oriana: Military.com

 Peake, Daniel: CQ / Roll Call

 Pearce, Timothy: Washington Examiner

 Pedersen, Brendan: American Banker

 Perano, Ursula: Axios

 Perera, David: MLEX US

 Perrone, Matthew: Associated Press

 Perry, Kati: Associated Press

 Peterson, Kristina: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Pexton, Patrick: CQ / Roll Call

 Philbrick, Ian: New York Times

 Phillips, Anna: Los Angeles Times

 Phillips, Kristine: USA Today

 Phillips, Michael: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Phillips, James: Warren Communications

 Phillips, Amber: Washington Post

 Pickert, Reade: Bloomberg News

 Picket, Kerry: Washington Examiner

 Plantive, Charlotte: Agence France-Presse

 Plott, Elaina: New York TImes

 Plumer, Brad: New York Times

 Politi, James: Financial Times

 Pollard, Sonya: Bloomberg News

 Poon, Linda: Bloomberg News

 Portnoy, Jenna: Washington Post

 Postell, Elliot: Washington Post

 Potter, Ellie: S & P Global

 Powers, Martine: Washington Post

 Pradhan, Rachana: Kaiser Health News

 Prakash, Nidhi: Buzzfeed

 Prentice, Christine: Thomson Reuters

 Press, Robert: Bloomberg News

 Price, Michelle: Thomson Reuters

 Psaledakis, Daphne: Thomson Reuters

 Puente, Maria: USA Today

 Puko, Timothy: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Purce, Melinda: Associated Press

 Putman, Eileen: Associated Press

 Puzzanghera, James: Boston Globe

 Qiu, Linda: New York Times

 Quinn, Melissa: Washington Examiner

 Quintana, Christopher: USA Today

 Rabinowitz, Kate: Washington Post

 Radelat, Ana: Connecticut Mirror

 Radnofsky, Louise: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Rajghatta, Chidanand: Times of India

 Raman, Sandhya: CQ / Roll Call

 Rappeport, Alan: New York Times

 Ratnam, Gopal: CQ / Roll Call

 Rau, Jordan: Kaiser Health News

 Recio, Maria: Austin American-Statesman

 Reiley, Laura: Washington Post

 Reilly, Caitlin: CQ / Roll Call

 Reilly, Ryan: Huffington Post

 Rein, Lisa: Washington Post

 Reinbold, Fabian: T-Online.de

 Reinhard, Beth: Washington Post

 Reklaitis, Victor: MarketWatch

 Renner, Nausicaa: The Intercept

 Resnick, Gabrielle: Kyodo News

 Restuccia, Andrew: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Ricci, Andrea: Thomson Reuters

 Rice, Carter: Asahi Shimbun

[[Page 1000]]

 Rich, Gillian: Investor's Business Daily

 Riechmann-Kepler, Debra: Associated Press

 Riley, Michael: Bloomberg News

 Riley-Smith, Benedict: London Daily Telegraph

 Risen, James: The Intercept

 Rives, Karin: Energy Daily

 Rizzo, Salvador: Washington Post

 Roarty, Alexander: McClatchy

 Robb, Gregory: MarketWatch

 Roberts, Catalina: CQ / Roll Call

 Robertson, Jordan: Bloomberg News

 Robillard, Kevin: Huffington Post

 Robinson, John: Defense Daily

 Robinson, Eugene: Washington Post

 Rocha, Polo: S & P Global

 Rodgers, Henry: Daily Caller

 Rogan, Thomas: Washington Examiner

 Rogers, Katie: New York Times

 Rogin, Joshua: Washington Post

 Roig-Franzia, Manuel: Washington Post

 Rojas, Daxia: Agence France-Presse

 Romm, Anthony: Washington Post

 Rosenberg, Matthew: New York Times

 Rosenwald, Michael: Washington Post

 Roston, Aram: Thomson Reuters

 Rotella, Sebastian: ProPublica

 Rothschild, Neal: Axios

 Rouach, Herve: Agence France-Presse

 Rovner, Julia: Kaiser Health News

 Rowland, Christopher: Washington Post

 Rowley, James: Bloomberg News

 Rubin, Gabriel: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Rubin, Richard: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Rucker, Philip: Washington Post

 Ruf, Renzo: Aargauer Zeitung

 Rugaber, Christopher: Associated Press

 Ruger, Todd: CQ / Roll Call

 Rummler, Ivy: Axios

 Ryan, Timothy: Thomson Reuters

 Ryser, Evan: Market News International

 Ryu, Jewon: Korea Times

 Sabur, Rozina: London Daily Telegraph

 Sagalow, Zoe: CQ / Roll Call

 Saito, Kaori: Kyodo News

 Saksa, James: CQ / Roll Call

 Salant, Jonathan: NJ Advance Media

 Salcedo, Michele: Axios

 Saleh, Maryam: The Intercept

 Salfeety, Stephen: CQ / Roll Call

 Sallah, Michael: Buzzfeed

 Salmeron, Marvin: Bloomberg News

 Salvalaggio, Claudio: ANSA,

 Samhan Arias, Susana: EFE News Services

 Samuels, Lexier: CQ / Roll Call

 Samuels, Robert: Washington Post

 Sancho, Victor: El Universal

 Sanders, Edmund: Los Angeles Times

 Sanders, Chris: Thomson Reuters

 Sands, Darren: Buzzfeed

 Sands, David: Washington Times

 Sanger, David: New York Times

 Sanger-Katz, Margot: New York Times

 Santucci, Jeanine: USA Today

 Sapsford, Jathon: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Sarcina, Giuseppe: Corriere Della Sera

 Sargent, Ann: Washington Post

 Sattar, Majid: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

 Satter, Raphael: Thomson Reuters

 Saunders, Debra: Las Vegas Review-Journal

 Savage, David: Los Angeles Times

 Savage, Charles: New York Times

 Savitsky, Shane: Axios

 Sawamura, Wataru: Asahi Shimbun

 Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Times

 Schaeuble, Juliane: Der Tagesspiegel

 Schaul, Kevin: Washington Post

 Schectman, Joel: Thomson Reuters

 Scheid, Brian: S & P Global

 Scherer, Michael: Washington Post

 Scheuble, Kristy: Bloomberg News

 Schlesinger, Jacob: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Schlisserman, Courtney: Argus Media

 Schluter, Fabian: Agence France-Presse

 Schmidt, Robert: Bloomberg News

 Schmidt, Michael: New York Times

 Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

 Schneider, Gabriel: MinnPost

 Schneider, Howard: Thomson Reuters

 Schoenberg, Thomas: Bloomberg News

 Schram, Martin: Tribune Content Agency

 Schroeder, Robert: MarketWatch

 Schroeder, Peter: Thomson Reuters

 Schulte, Fred: Kaiser Health News

 Schutt, Bryan: S & P Global

 Schwab, Nikki: DailyMail.com

 Scott-Molleda, Heather: Agence France-Presse

 Scully, Megan: CQ / Roll Call

 Sebenius, Alyza: Bloomberg News

 Seck, Hope: Military.com

 Seib, Gerald: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Seibel, Mark: Washington Post

 Seiki, Yasuyiki: Kyodo News

 Selk, Avi: Washington Post

 Seltzer, Rick: Inside Higher Ed

 Selway, William: Bloomberg News

 Sertic, Kylie: Kyodo News

 Sevastopulo, Demetri: Financial Times

 Shaban, Hamza: Washington Post

 Shalal, Andrea: Thomson Reuters

 Shankar, Vivek: Bloomberg News

 Shanker, Thomas: New York Times

 Shaw, Michael: CQ / Roll Call

 Shear, Michael: New York Times

 Shepard, Michael: Bloomberg News

[[Page 1001]]

 Shepardson, David: Thomson Reuters

 Sheperd, Brittany: Yahoo News

 Sherfinski, David: Washington Times

 Sherman, Mark: Associated Press

 Shesgreen, Deirdre: Gannett Washington Bureau

 Shields, Todd: Bloomberg News

 Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

 Shiffman, John: Thomson Reuters

 Shiobara, Nagahisa: Sankei Shimbun

 Shiraishi, Wataru: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

 Shorey, Rachel: New York Times

 Shubber, Kadhim: Financial Times

 Shutt, Jennifer: CQ / Roll Call

 Sichelman, Lew: United Media

 Siciliano, John: Washington Examiner

 Siddiqui, Sabrina: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Siddons, Andrew: CQ / Roll Call

 Siegel, Joshua: Washington Examiner

 Simao, Paul: Thomson Reuters

 Simon, Caroline: CQ / Roll Call

 Simon, Erica: New York Times

 Simonson, Joseph: Washington Examiner

 Sink, Justin: Bloomberg News

 Sisk, Richard: Military.com

 Slack, Donovan: USA Today

 Slater, James: Agence France-Presse

 Sloan, Steven: Associated Press

 Slodysko, Brian: Associated Press

 Smalley, Suzanne: Yahoo News

 Smialek, Jeanna: New York Times

 Smietana, Robert: Religion News Service

 Smith, Sebastian: Agence France-Presse

 Smith, David: Guardian US,

 Smith, Sarah: S & P Global

 Smith, Abby: Washington Examiner

 Snyder, Alison: Axios

 Sobczyk, Joseph: Bloomberg News

 Somashekhar, Sandhya: Washington Post

 Sommer, William: Daily Beast

 Sonmez, Felicia: Washington Post

 Sonne, Paul: Washington Post

 Sonoda, Koji: Asahi Shimbun

 Sorcher, Sara: Washington Post

 Spang, Thomas: US Report (Germany),

 Spangler, Todd: Detroit Free Press

 Spencer, James: Minneapolis Star Tribune

 Spetalnick, Matthew: Thomson Reuters

 Stacey, Kiran: Financial Times

 Stanfield, Jeff: S & P Global

 Stanley-Becker, Isaac: Washington Post

 Stapleton, Stephanie: Kaiser Health News

 Stech Ferek, Katy: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Stein, Chris: Agence France-Presse

 Stein, Samuel: Daily Beast

 Stein, Jeffrey: Washington Post

 Steinhauer, Jennifer: New York Times

 Sternberg, William: USA Today

 Stevenson, Richard: New York Times

 Stewart, Cameron: Australian Newspaper

 Stewart, B Scott: Sankei Shimbun

 Stewart, Phillip: Thomson Reuters

 Stewart, Martina: USA Today

 Stiehm, Jamie: Creators Syndicate

 Stoddard, A.B.: Real Clear Politics

 Stohr, Gregory: Bloomberg News

 Stokols, Eli: Los Angeles Times

 Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

 Stone, Michael: Thomson Reuters

 Strauss, Daniel: Guardian US,

 Stricherz, Mark: CQ / Roll Call

 Strobel, Warren: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Strohm, Christopher: Bloomberg News

 Strong, Thomas: Associated Press

 Stubbs, Kathleen: Asahi Shimbun

 Stumme, Susan: Agence France-Presse

 Sturm, Daniel: Die Welt

 Subramanian, Courtney: USA Today

 Suebsaeng, Asawin: Daily Beast

 Sugeno, Mikio: Nikkei

 Sullivan, Gregory: Bloomberg News

 Sullivan, Eileen: New York Times

 Sullivan, Sean: S & P Global

 Sullivan, Andrew: Thomson Reuters

 Sullivan, Kevin: Washington Post

 Sullivan, Patricia: Washington Post

 Sullivan, Sean: Washington Post

 Sumii, Kyosuke: Sankei Shimbun

 Sun, Lena: Washington Post

 Superville, Darlene: Associated Press

 Svrluga, Susan: Washington Post

 Swan, Jonathan: Axios

 Swanson, Emily: Associated Press

 Swanson, Ana: New York Times

 Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

 Sword, Doug: CQ / Roll Call

 Swoyer, Alex: Washington Times

 Szep, Jason: Thomson Reuters

 Tackett, Michael: Associated Press

 Taggart, Francis: Agence France-Presse

 Takamoto, Kota: Mainichi Shimbun

 Takemoto, Atsushi: Kyodo News

 Talev, Margaret: Axios

 Talley, Ian: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Tamari, Jonathan: Philadelphia Inquirer

 Tan, Shen Wu: Washington Times

 Tanaka, Yumi: Jiji Press

 Tanaka, Mitsuya: Kyodo News

 Tanaka, Miya: Kyodo News

 Tandon, Shaun: Agence France-Presse

 Tanfani, Joseph: Thomson Reuters

 Tankersley, James: New York Times

 Tanner, Caroline: CQ / Roll Call

 Tanzi, Alex: Bloomberg News

 Tau, Byron: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

[[Page 1002]]

 Taylor, Andrew: Associated Press

 Taylor, William: Communications Daily

 Taylor, Marisa: Thomson Reuters

 Taylor, Guy: Washington Times

 Teitelbaum, Michael: CQ / Roll Call

 Terkel, Amanda: Huffington Post

 Terris, Benjamin: Washington Post

 Tharoor, Ishaan: Washington Post

 Thebault, Reis: Washington Post

 Thomas, Ashley: Associated Press

 Thomas, Richard: Voterama in Congress

 Thomas, Kenneth: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Thomason, Robert: MLEX US

 Thrush, Glenn: New York Times

 Tillman, Zoe: Buzzfeed

 Timberlake, Ian: Agence France-Presse

 Timiraos, Nicolas: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Timmons, Heather: Thomson Reuters

 Tomasky, Michael: Daily Beast

 Tomkin, Robert: CQ / Roll Call

 Torbati, Yeganeh: ProPublica

 Torres, Craig: Bloomberg News

 Torry, Harriet: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Touitou, Delphine: Agence France-Presse

 Tourial, Gregory: CQ / Roll Call

 Tracy, Ryan: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Traver, Albert: EFE News Services

 Treene, Alayna: Axios

 Tribble, Sarah: Kaiser Health News

 Trudo, Hanna: Daily Beast

 Trumbull, Mark: Christian Science Monitor

 Tsao, Stephanie: S & P Global

 Tsuchiya, Konomi: Kyodo News

 Tucker, Eric: Associated Press

 Tumulty, Brian: Bond Buyer

 Tumulty, Karen: Washington Post

 Uhrmacher, Kevin: Washington Post

 Ulloa, Jazmine: Boston Globe

 Urano, Eri: Tokyo Chunichi Shimbun

 Valbrun, Marjorie: Inside Higher Ed

 Van Buren, Eleanor: CQ / Roll Call

 Vanden Brook, Thomas: USA Today

 Velez, Kimberly: Bloomberg News

 Vergano, Daniel: Buzzfeed

 Viebeck, Elise: Washington Post

 Vineys, Kevin: Associated Press

 Viser, Matthew: Washington Post

 Viswanatha, Aruna: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Vogel, Kenneth: New York Times

 Vogt, Patrick: Agence France-Presse

 Volcovici, Valerie: Thomson Reuters

 Volz, Dustin: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Vondracek, Christopher: Washington Times

 Wadhams, Nicholas: Bloomberg News

 Wagner, John: Washington Post

 Waldron, Bryan: Huffington Post

 Walker, Mark: New York Times

 Walker, Hunter: Yahoo News

 Wallsten, Peter: Washington Post

 Walsh, Bryan: Axios

 Wang, Amy: Washington Post

 Ward, Emily: Washington Examiner

 Ward, Jonathan: Yahoo News

 Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

 Wasko, Stephanie: Axios

 Wasserman, Elizabeth: Bloomberg News

 Wasson, Erik: Bloomberg News

 Watanabe, Takashi: Asahi Shimbun

 Watanabe, Kensaku: Jiji Press

 Watkins, Thomas: Agence France-Presse

 Wax, Emily: Washington Post

 Wayne, Alexander: Bloomberg News

 Weaver, Dustin: Associated Press

 Weaver, Courtney: Financial Times

 Webber, Caitlin: Bloomberg News

 Weber, Maya: S & P Global

 Weekes, Michael: Thomson Reuters

 Wegmann, Philip: Real Clear Politics

 Wehrman, Jessica: CQ / Roll Call

 Weigel, David: Washington Post

 Weiland, Noah: New York Times

 Weinberger, Sharon: Yahoo News

 Weiner, Mark: Syracuse Post-Standard

 Weiner, Rachel: Washington Post

 Weinger, Mackenzie: National Journal

 Weisman, Jonathan: New York Times

 Weiss, Miles: Bloomberg News

 Weiss, Laura: CQ / Roll Call

 Weissert, William: Associated Press

 Wentling, Nikki: Stars and Stripes

 Wermund, Benjamin: Houston Chronicle

 Werner, Erica: Washington Post

 Wertz, Joseph: Center for Public Integrity

 Westbrook, Jesse: Bloomberg News

 Whalen, Jeanne: Washington Post

 Whieldon, Esther: S & P Global

 White, Keith: CQ / Roll Call

 White, Dina: Los Angeles Times

 White, Gordon: Washington Telecommunications Services

 Whitelaw, Kevin: Bloomberg News

 Whitesides, John: Thomson Reuters

 Whitlock, Craig: Washington Post

 Whoriskey, Peter: Washington Post

 Whyte, Elizabeth: Center for Public Integrity

 Wieder, Benjamin: McClatchy

 Wieneke, Charles: Bloomberg News

 Wilber, Del: Los Angeles Times

 Wilkinson, Tracy: Los Angeles Times

 Williams, Khari: CQ / Roll Call

 Williams, Aime: Financial Times

 Williams, Clarence: Washington Post

 Williams, Vanessa: Washington Post

 Williamson, Elizabeth: New York Times

 Willis, Daniel: CQ / Roll Call

[[Page 1003]]

 Willis, Derek: ProPublica

 Wilner, Michael: McClatchy

 Wilson, Scott: Washington Post

 Wines, Stephen: New York Times

 Wingrove, Joshua: Bloomberg News

 Wire, Sarah: Los Angeles Times

 Wise, Lindsay: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Wiseman, Paul: Associated Press

 Wolf, Richard: USA Today

 Wolfe, Jan: Thomson Reuters

 Wolfgang, Benjamin: Washington Times

 Wollner, Adam: McClatchy

 Wong, Edward: New York Times

 Woodall, Hunter: Daily Beast

 Woodward, Calvin: Associated Press

 Woodward, Robert: Washington Post

 Woolls, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

 Wooten, Casey: National Journal

 Wootson, Cleve: Washington Post

 Wright, Christopher: CQ / Roll Call

 Wu, Lejun: China People's Daily

 Wu, Nicholas: USA Today

 Wynn, Sarah: Bond Buyer

 Yadidi, Noa: Axios

 Yadoo, Jordan: Bloomberg News

 Yamauchi, Ryosuke: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Yamazaki, Yosuke: Sekai Nippo

 Yang, Tia: CQ / Roll Call

 Yen, Hope: Associated Press

 Yerardi, Joseph: Center for Public Integrity

 Yilek, Caitlin: Washington Examiner

 Yoder, Eric: Washington Post

 Yokobori, Yuya: Yomiuri Shimbun

 Yoon, Yanghee: Korea Times

 York, Byron: Washington Examiner

 Young, Donna: S & P Global

 Youssef, Nancy: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Yu, Donghui: China Review News Agency

 Yung, Jean: Market News International

 Zak, Daniel: Washington Post

 Zakaria, Toby: McClatchy

 Zakrzewski, Cat: Washington Post

 Zapotosky, Matthew: Washington Post

 Zargham, Mohammad: Thomson Reuters

 Zeffman, Henry: Times of London

 Zeller, Kate: CQ / Roll Call

 Zeller, Shawn: CQ / Roll Call

 Zengerle, Patricia: Thomson Reuters

 Zengin, Dilara: Anadolu News Agency

 Zezima, Katie: Washington Post

 Zhang, Mengxu: China People's Daily

 Zhang, Niansheng: China People's Daily

 Zheng, Qi: China People's Daily

 Zipp, Richard: S & P Global

 Zitner, Aaron: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones

 Zornick, George: Huffington Post

 Zoroya, Gregg: USA Today

 Zoupaniotis, Apostolos: Cyprus News Agency

 Zremski, Jerry: Buffalo News

 Zumbrun, Joshua: Wall Street Journal / Dow Jones




[[Page 1004]]

                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

      House Gallery, phone 225-3945    Senate Gallery, phone 224-0241
      
      
 AARGAUER ZEITUNG--(202) 403-7115; Neumattstrasse 1, Aarau 05001 
Switzerland: Renzo Ruf.

 ABC NEWSPAPER--(202) 344-0856; Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 7 Madrid, Madrid 
20005 Spain: David Alandete Ballester.

 AFTENPOSTEN--(917) 615-7321; 2000 M Street,, NW., Suite 890 Washington, DC 
20036: Oystein Langberg.

 AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0604; 1500 K Street, NW., Suite 600 
Washington, DC 20005: Lucie Aubourg, Anita Beattie, Ines Belaiba, Sebastien 
Blanc, Antoine Boyer, Camille Camdessus, Jerome Cartillier, Julie Chabanas, 
Emma Charlton, Ivan Couronne, Elodie Cuzin, Alina Dieste Markl, William 
Dunlop, Brigitte Dusseau, Sebastien Duval, Francesco Fontemaggi, Marisha 
Goldhamer Sherry, Carlos Hamann, Paul Handley, Cyril Julien, Michael 
Langan, Sylvie Lanteaume, David Lefkow, Robert Lever, James Mannion, 
Michael Mathes, Leo Mouren, Ariela Navarro Morales, Christian Otton, 
Charlotte Plantive, Daxia Rojas, Herve Rouach, Fabian Schluter, Heather 
Scott-Molleda, James Slater, Sebastian Smith, Chris Stein, Susan Stumme, 
Francis Taggart, Shaun Tandon, Ian Timberlake, Delphine Touitou, Patrick 
Vogt, Thomas Watkins, Daniel Woolls.

 AKAHATA--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Susumu Ikeda.

 ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL--(610) 820-6500; 101 North 6th Street, Allentown, 
PA 18105: Laura Olson.

 AMERICAN BANKER--(212) 803-8200; 1410 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1002; 
Arlington, VA 22209: Miriam Cross, Cornelius Haggerty, John Heltman, Hannah 
Lang, Brendan Pedersen.

 ANADOLU NEWS AGENCY--(202) 662-7437; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 1131, 
Washington, DC 20045: Safvan Allahverdi, Dildar Baykan, Hakan Copur, Servet 
Gunerigok, Michael Hernandez, Dilara Zengin.

 ANNIE GROER WRITER AT LARGE--(202) 489-4044: Anne L. Groer.

 ANSA--(202) 662-7195; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 
20045: Claudio Salvalaggio.

 ARGUS MEDIA--(202) 775-0240; 1667 K Street, NW., Suite 1150, Washington, 
DC 20006: Michael Ball, Abby Caplan, Edward Epstein, David Givens, Haik 
Gugarats, David Ivanovich, Christopher Knight, Lauren Masterson, Courtney 
Schlisserman.

 ARKANSAS DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE--(501) 399-3691; 960A National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Frank Lockwood.

 ARTISTS & WRITERS SYNDICATE--(703) 965-7296: Frank Aukofer.

 ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Naoatsu Aoyama, William Black, Tara Fitzmartin, Keisuke Katori, 
Anson Mersereau, Carter Rice, Wataru Sawamura, Koji Sonoda, Kathleen 
Stubbs, Takashi Watanabe.

 ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 641-9000; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 500 
Washington, DC 20005: Ricardo Alonso, Lolita Baldor, Michael Balsamo, Nancy 
Benac, Lynn Berry, Michael Biesecker, Joshua Boak, Seth Borenstein, Stephen 
Braun, Robert Burns, Jill Colvin, Martin Crutsinger, Matthew Daly, Douglass 
Daniel, Carole Feldman, Hannah Fingerhut, Benjamin Fox, Alan Fram, Kevin 
Freking, Robert Furlow, Marcy Gordon, Jessica Gresko, Kenneth Guggenheim, 
Dino Hazell, Alexandra Jaffe, Mary Clare Jalonick, Laurie Kellman Blazar, 
Elizabeth Kennedy, Jennifer Kerr, Louis Kesten, Ashraf Khalil, Ellen 
Knickmeyer, Alison Kodjak, Richard Lardner, Matthew Lee, William Lester, 
Juliet Linderman, Colleen Long, Aamer Madhani, Lisa Mascaro, Zeke Miller, 
Michelle Minkoff, Frederick Monyak, Lauran Neergaard, Ron Nixon, Benjamin 
Nuckols, Stephen Ohlemacher, Matthew Ott, Julie Pace, Matthew Perrone, Kati 
Perry, Melinda Purce, Eileen Putman, Debra Riechmann-Kepler, Christopher 
Rugaber, Mark Sherman, Steven Sloan, Brian Slodysko, Thomas Strong, Darlene 
Superville, Emily Swanson, Michael Tackett, Andrew Taylor, Ashley Thomas, 
Eric Tucker, Kevin Vineys, Dustin Weaver, William Weissert, Paul Wiseman, 
Calvin Woodward, Hope Yen.

 ATLANTA JOURNAL CONSTITUTION--(404) 526-2373; 444 North Capitol Street, 
NW., Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001: Tia Mitchell.

 AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN--(301) 933-0387; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., 
Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001: Maria Recio.

 AUSTRALIAN FINANCIAL REVIEW--(202) 770-7600; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20009: Jacob Greber.

 AUSTRALIAN NEWSPAPER--(202) 710 1006; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 
800, Washington, DC 20036: Cameron Stewart.

 AXIOS--3100 Clarendon Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22201: Fadel Allassan, 
Michael Allen, Rashaan Ayesh, Samuel Baker, Zachary Basu, Kyle Daly, Marisa 
Fernandez, Sara Fischer, Benjamin Geman, Justin

[[Page 1005]]

Green, Amy Harder, Nicholas Johnston, Kimberly Jonson Hart, Sara Kehaulani 
Goo, Jacob Knutson, David Lawler, Alexi McCammond, Margaret McGill, David 
Nather, Eileen O'Reilly, Caitlin Owens, Erica Pandey, Ursula Perano, Neal 
Rothschild, Ivy Rummler, Michele Salcedo, Shane Savitsky, Alison Snyder, 
Jonathan Swan, Margaret Talev, Alayna Treene, Bryan Walsh, Stephanie Wasko, 
Noa Yadidi.

 BALTIMORE SUN--(410) 332-6000; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20005: Jeffrey Barker.

 BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE--(225) 383-1111; 10705 Rieger Road, Baton Rouge, LA 
70809: Elizabeth Crisp.

 BLOOMBERG NEWS--(202) 624-1820; 1101 New York Avenue, NW., 9th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: William Allison, Laurie Asseo, Benjamin Bain, Ryan 
Beckwith, Ryan Beene, Wendy Benjaminson, Max Berley, Justin Blum, Ben 
Brody, Alister Bull, Anthony Capaccio, Kriston Capps, Dominic Carey, Kevin 
Cirilli, Margaret Collins, Christopher Condon, Stephen Cunningham, Laura 
Curtis, Laura Davison, Susan Decker, Steven Dennis, Elizabeth Dexheimer, 
Jennifer Dlouhy, Ekaterina Dmitrieva, Michael Dorning, Anna Edgerton, 
Assima Egbame, Misyrlena Egkolfopoulou, Jennifer Epstein, William Faries, 
Teaganne Finn, Daniel Flatley, Sara Forden, Joshua Gallu, Saleha Ghani, 
James Gibney, Henry Golle, D. Craig Gordon, Ana Gouveia Monteiro, Joshua 
Green, Jesse Hamilton, Benjamin Holland, Billy House, Megan Howard, 
Jennifer Jacobs, Jeffrey Kearns, Emma Kinery, Katarzyna Klimasinska, 
Gregory Korte, Weston Kosova, Rosalind Krasny, Eli Lake, Scott Lanman, 
Jennifer Leonard, Alan Levin, Larry Liebert, Laura Litvan, Eduardo Londres, 
David McLaughlin, Brian Meehan, Christopher Middleton, Kathleen Miller, 
Richard Miller, Todd Moday, Jonathan Morgan, Gregory Mott, Ari Natter, 
Naomi Nix, Tyler Pager, Mario Parker, Reade Pickert, Sonya Pollard, Linda 
Poon, Robert Press, Michael Riley, Jordan Robertson, James Rowley, Marvin 
Salmeron, Kristy Scheuble, Robert Schmidt, Thomas Schoenberg, Alyza 
Sebenius, William Selway, Vivek Shankar, Michael Shepard, Todd Shields, 
Justin Sink, Joseph Sobczyk, Gregory Stohr, Christopher Strohm, Gregory 
Sullivan, Alex Tanzi, Craig Torres, Kimberly Velez, Nicholas Wadhams, 
Elizabeth Wasserman, Erik Wasson, Alexander Wayne, Caitlin Webber, Miles 
Weiss, Jesse Westbrook, Kevin Whitelaw, Charles Wieneke, Joshua Wingrove, 
Jordan Yadoo.

 BOND BUYER--(212) 803-8200; 1401 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1002, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Kyle Glazier, Brian Tumulty, Sarah Wynn.

 BOSTON GLOBE--(617) 929-2000; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 725, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jessica Bidgood, Liz Goodwin, James Puzzanghera, 
Laura Krantz, Jazmine Ulloa.

 BREAKING DEFENSE--1440 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: Colin Clark, 
Sydney Freedberg, Theresa Hitchens, Paul McLeary.

 BUFFALO NEWS--(716) 842-1111; One News Plaza, P.O. Box 100 Buffalo, NY 
14240: Jerry Zremski.

 BUZZFEED--1630 Connecticut Avenue, NW., 7th floor, Washington, DC 20009: 
Addy Baird, Kadia Goba, Eileen Hall, Molly Hensley-Clancy, Zahra Hirji, 
Emma Loop, Paul McLeod, Sarah Mimms, Kate Nocera, Nidhi Prakash, Michael 
Sallah, Darren Sands, Zoe Tillman, Daniel Vergano.

 CANADIAN PRESS--(202) 641-9734; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 500 
Washington, DC 20005: James McCarten.

 CENTER FOR PUBLIC INTEGRITY--(202) 466-1300; 910 17th Street, NW., Suite 
700, Washington, DC 20006: Alexia Campbell, Susan Ferriss, Zachary Fryer-
Biggs, Allan Holmes, Jamie Hopkins, Rui Kaneya, Sarah Kleiner, Carrie 
Levine, David Levinthal, Joseph Wertz, Elizabeth Whyte, Joseph Yerardi.

 CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--1173 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Chiang Chinyeh, Stacy Hsu.

 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES--(312) 321-3000; 30 North Racine Avenue, 3rd Floor, 
Chicago, IL 60607: Lynn Sweet.

 CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(312) 222-3232; 160 North Stetson Avenue, Chicago, IL 
60601: Clarence Page.

 CHINA PEOPLE'S DAILY--(202) 661-8185; 529 14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20045: Zexi Hu, Zhiwei Li, Lejun Wu, Mengxu Zhang, Niansheng Zhang, Qi 
Zheng.

 CHINA REVIEW NEWS AGENCY--(703) 725-0720; 20 Westlands Road, Room 201, 
Quarry Bay Hong Kong: Donghui Yu.

 CHOSUN ILBO--(571) 289-7735; 1291 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Yi Jun Cho, Insun Kang.

 CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(617) 450-2300; 1615 L Street, NW., Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Timothy Broderick, Linda Feldmann, Peter Grier, Story 
Hinckley, Jessica Mendoza, Mark Trumbull.

 CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER--(216) 999-6000; 1801 Superior Avenue East, Suite 
100, Cleveland, OH 44114: Sabrina Eaton.

 COMMUNICATIONS DAILY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Howard Buskirk, Matthew Daneman, Karl Herchenroeder, Monica Hogan, 
Jonathan Make, William Taylor.

 CONNECTICUT MIRROR--(860) 218-6380; 1049 Aslyum Avenue, Hartford, CT 
06105: Ana Radelat.

 CORRIERE DELLA SERA--(646) 752-0422; 2600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Giuseppe Sarcina.

[[Page 1006]]

 CQ / ROLL CALL--(202) 793-5300; 1201 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor 
Washington, DC 20004: Rebecca Adams, Alexei Alexis, Erin Bacon, Sajeer Beg, 
Kathleen Bever, Mark Bocchetti, Mark Burnett, Teresa Cardenas, Charlene 
Carter, Lauren Clason, Andrew Clevenger, George Codrea, Peter Cohn, Charles 
Conlon, Camila DeChalus, John Donnelly, Lars Emerson, Edward Felker, Peter 
Feltman, Ellyn Ferguson, Paul Fontelo, Anthony Gnoffo, Anne Grady, Steven 
Harras, Benjamin Hulac, Herbert Jackson, Paul Jenks, David Jordan, Patrick 
Kelley, Henry Kenyon, Noella Kertes, Anne Kim, Eun Kim, Emily Kopp, Paul 
Krawczak, Katharine Lackey, David Lerman, Gregory Lewis, Herbert Lewis, 
Michael Macagnone, Michael Magner, Jason Mann, Mary Ellen McIntire, Jacob 
Metz, Jonathan Miller, Tanvi Misra, Marcia Myers, Elvina Nawaguna, Cary 
O'Reilly, Rachel Oswald, Daniel Peake, Patrick Pexton, Sandhya Raman, Gopal 
Ratnam, Caitlin Reilly, Catalina Roberts, Todd Ruger, Zoe Sagalow, James 
Saksa, Stephen Salfeety, Lexier Samuels, Megan Scully, Michael Shaw, 
Jennifer Shutt, Andrew Siddons, Caroline Simon, Mark Stricherz, Doug Sword, 
Caroline Tanner, Michael Teitelbaum, Robert Tomkin, Gregory Tourial, 
Eleanor Van Buren, Jessica Wehrman, Laura Weiss, Keith White, Khari 
Williams, Daniel Willis, Christopher Wright, Tia Yang, Kate Zeller, Shawn 
Zeller.

 CREATORS SYNDICATE--(310) 337-7003, 737 3rd Street, Hermosa Beach, CA 
90254: Mark Shields, Jamie Stiehm.

 CYPRUS NEWS AGENCY--(202) 462-5772; 21 Akademias Avenue, 2107 Agiantzia, 
Nicosia Cyprus: Apostolos Zoupaniotis.

 DAGENS NYHETER--(202) 704-7996: Bjorn af Kleen.

 DAILY BEAST--1825 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 620, Washington, DC 
20001: Erin Banco, Sam Brodey, Eleanor Clift, Jackie Kucinich, Matthew 
Lewis, Lachlan Markay, William Sommer, Samuel Stein, Asawin Suebsaeng, 
Michael Tomasky, Hanna Trudo, Hunter Woodall.

 DAILY CALLER--(202) 506-2027; 1920 L Street, NW., Suite 200, Washington, 
DC 20036: Christian Datoc, Anders Anders Hagstrom, Maranda Finney, Henry 
Rodgers.

 DAILY DEAL--444 North Capitol Street, NW., Suite 413, Washington, DC 
20001: David Hatch, Ronald Orol.

 DAILYMAIL.COM--51 Astor Place, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10003: Katelyn 
Caralle, Geoffrey Earle, Emily Goodin, Nikki Schwab.

 DALLAS MORNING NEWS--(214) 745-8383, 930 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Thomas Benning, Alfredo Corchado, Todd Gillman, Carl 
Leubsdorf.

 DEADLINE--(310) 484-2548; 11175 Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 
90025: Ted Johnson.

 DEFENSE DAILY--(703) 522-5655; 1911 North Ft. Myer Drive, Suite 705, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Richard Abott, Matthew Beinart, Vivienne Machi, John 
Robinson.

 DER TAGESSPIEGEL--(202) 819-9190; Askanischer Platz 3, 10963 Berlin 
Germany: Juliane Schaeuble.

 DETROIT FREE PRESS--(202) 906-9993; 1575 Eye Street, NW., Suite 350 
Washington, DC 20005: Todd Spangler.

 DETROIT NEWS--1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 500 Washington, DC 20005: 
Melissa Burke, Keith Laing.

 DIE TAGESZEITUNG--(202) 569-5369: Dorothea Hahn.

 DIE WELT--(202) 550-1021: Daniel Sturm.

 DONG-A ILBO--(571) 217-4922; 837 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ariel Lee.

 EFE NEWS SERVICES--(202) 745-7692; 1220 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Hernan Martin Alonso, Susana Samhan Arias, Laura 
Barros Cantillo, Alfonso Fernandez, Lucia Leal, Beatriz Pascual Macias, 
Albert Traver.

 EL DIARIO DE HOY--(202) 361-8005: Tomas Guevara.

 EL NUEVO DIA--(202) 662-7360; 960d National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Delgado-Robles.

 EL PAIS--(202) 735-6380; 1134 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Amanda Mars.

 EL PERIODICO--(202) 679-8656: Ricardo Mir De Francia.

 EL TIEMPO--(202) 607-5929: Sergio Gomez.

 EL UNIVERSAL--(202) 531-8538; 1201 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Victor Sancho.

 ENERGY DAILY--(202) 431-3748; 1300 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jeffrey Beattie, James Day, George Lobsenz, Karin 
Rives.

 FERN'S AG INSIDER BY CHARLES ABBOTT--(646) 248-6014; 576 5th Avenue, Suite 
903, New York, NY 10036: Charles Abbott, Leah Douglas.

 FINANCIAL TIMES--1667 K Street, NW., Suite 825, Washington, DC 20006: 
Lauren Fedor, Janan Ganesh, Brendan Greeley, Edward Luce, Katrina Manson, 
Kim Ben Marino, James Politi, Demetri Sevastopulo, Kadhim Shubber, Kiran 
Stacey, Courtney Weaver, Aime Williams.

 FOLHA DE SAO PAULO--(202) 549-6845: Marina Dias.

 FRANKFURTER ALLGEMEINE ZEITUNG--(202) 492-7591: Majid Sattar.

 FUNKE MEDIENGRUPPE--(202) 244-4845: Dirk Hautkapp.

 GANNETT WASHINGTON BUREAU--(703) 854-6000; 1575 Eye Street, NW., Suite 
350, Washington, DC 20005: Deborah Berry, Michael Collins, Maureen Groppe, 
Alethea Jordan, Ledyard King, Deirdre Shesgreen.

 GERMAN PRESS AGENCY-DPA--(202) 662-1220; 1112 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Jurgen Batz, Shabtai Gold, Christiane Jacke, Lena 
Klimkeit, Can Merey.

[[Page 1007]]

 GLOBAL INVESTIGATIONS REVIEW--(202) 831-4651; 2122 P Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Adam Dobrik, Clara Hudson, Ines Kagubare.

 GLOBE AND MAIL--1333 H Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, DC 20005: 
Lawrence Martin, Adrian Morrow.

 GUARDIAN US--900 17th Street, NW., Suite 250, Washington, DC 20006: Julian 
Borger, Lauren Gambino, Lucia Graves, Joan Greve, Emily Holden, Stephanie 
Kirchgaessner, David Smith, Daniel Strauss.

 HANDELSBLATT--(202) 413-2743: Annett Meiritz.

 HEARST NEWSPAPERS--1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 950, Washington, DC 20005: 
Emilie Munson.

 HELSINGIN SANOMAT--(301) 907-0080: Anna Sofia Berner.

 HINDU, THE--(917) 587-2444: Sriram Lakshman.

 HONOLULU CIVIL BEAT--(808) 377-0246; 3465 Waialae Avenue, Suite 20, 
Honolulu, HI 968156: Nicholas Grube.

 HOUSTON CHRONICLE--(713) 362-7211; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 950, 
Washington, DC 20005: James Osborne, Benjamin Wermund.

 HUFFINGTON POST--1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Suite 600, Washington, DC 
20006: Akbar Shahid Ahmed, Jennifer Bendery, Paul Blumenthal, Igor Bobic, 
Christopher D'Angelo, Shirish Date, Arthur Delaney, Ariel Edwards-Levy, 
Marina Fang, Elise Foley, Matthew Fuller, Tara Golshan, Dave Jamieson, 
Sanjana Karanth, Philip Lewis, Lawrence O'Brien, Ryan Reilly, Kevin 
Robillard, Amanda Terkel, Bryan Waldron, George Zornick.

 INDIA PRESS TRUST--PTI Building 4 Parliament Street, New Delhi India: 
Lalit Jha.

 INSIDE CLIMATE NEWS--16 Court Street, Suite 2307, Brooklyn, NY 11241: 
Neela Banerjee, Georgina Gustin, Marianne Lavelle.

 INSIDE HIGHER ED--(202) 659-9208; 1150 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 400, 
Washington, DC 20036: Greta Anderson, Paul Fain, Lindsay McKenzie, Kery 
Murakami, Rick Seltzer, Marjorie Valbrun.

 INTERCEPT, THE--Aida Chavez, Alexander Emmons, Lee Fang, Ryan Grim, 
Nausicaa Renner, James Risen, Maryam Saleh.

 INTERNATIONAL TRADE TODAY--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Ian Cohen, Mara Lee.

 INVESTOR'S BUSINESS DAILY--(800) 831-2525; 1200 18th Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20036: Gillian Rich.

 IRISH TIMES--(202) 431-4636; 1235 Independence Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 
20003: Suzanne Lynch.

 JEWISH TELEGRAPHIC AGENCY--(571) 723-2027; PO Box 5401, Arlington, VA 
22207: Ronald Kampeas.

 JIJI PRESS--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Ryota Dei, Hideyuki Ishigaki, Masaki Kondo, Jiro Konishi, Nicolas 
Pandi, William Parschalk, Yumi Tanaka, Kensaku Watanabe.

 JOONGANG ILBO--(202) 347-0122; 997 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hyosik Jung, Hyun Young Park.

 JYLLANDS-POSTEN--1700 Lanier Place, NW., Washington, DC 20009: Poul 
Larsen.

 KAISER HEALTH NEWS--(202) 347-5270 / (703) 941-8001; 1330 G Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20005: Julie Appleby, Mary Agnes Carey, Philip Galewitz, 
James Hancock, Carmen Heredia Rodriguez, Emmarie Huetteman, Victoria 
Knight, Shefali Luthra, Rachana Pradhan, Jordan Rau, Julia Rovner, Fred 
Schulte, Stephanie Stapleton, Sarah Tribble.

 KOREA TIMES--(703) 941-8001; 7601 Little River Turnpike, Annandale, VA 
22003: Christina Chong, Chang Yul Lee, Jong Kook Lee, Jewon Ryu, Yanghee 
Yoon.

 KYODO NEWS--(202) 347-5767; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 690, Washington, DC 
20005: Sarah Ampolsk, Takuya Arai, Shinichi Fuchino, Akihiro Fujiwara, 
Shiro Himori, Kai Ikeda, Miki Ishibashi, Jun Kaminishikawara, Daisuke 
Nakai, Andrew Nicholas, Gabrielle Resnick, Kaori Saito, Yasuyiki Seiki, 
Kylie Sertic, Atsushi Takemoto, Mitsuya Tanaka, Miya Tanaka, Konomi 
Tsuchiya.

 KYUNGHYANG DAILY NEWS--(571) 882-0196: Jaejoong Kim.

 LA JORNADA--(202) 669-7760: David Brooks.

 LA VANGUARDIA--(202) 290-2727: Beatriz Navarro.

 LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL--(702) 383-0211; 1111 West Bonanza Road, Las 
Vegas, NV 89106: Gary Martin, Debra Saunders.

 LAW 360--(202) 439-8609: Alan Ota.

 LE FIGARO--(202) 846-7774: Adrien Jaulmes.

 LE MONDE--(202) 248-2836: Gilles Paris.

 LOCALNEWS NOW--4075 Wilson Boulevard, 8th Floor, Arlington, VA 22203: 
Scott Brodbeck, James Cullum, Catherine Moran.

 LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH--1310 G Street, NW., Suite 750, Washington, DC 
20005: Nicholas Allen, Benedict Riley-Smith, Rozina Sabur.

 LOS ANGELES TIMES--1100 Vermont Avenue, NW., Suite 900, Washington, DC 
20005: Noah Bierman, Jackie Calmes, David Cloud, Robert Drogin, Jennifer 
Haberkorn, Evan Halper, Janet Hook, Kimbrielle Kelly, David Lauter, Dong 
Lee, Noam Levey, Michael McGough, Doyle McManus, Christopher Megerian, 
Molly O'Toole, Anna Phillips, Edmund Sanders, David Savage, Eli Stokols, 
Dina White, Del Wilber, Tracy Wilkinson, Sarah Wire.

[[Page 1008]]

 LRP PUBLICATIONS--(561) 622-6520; 360 Hiatt Drive, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 
33418: Kara Arundel, Julie Davidson, David Elfin, Anjali Patel.

 MAINICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 737-2817; 1114 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Yoso Furumoto, Iva Kovacheva, Masahiro Nakai, Kota 
Takamoto.

 MARKET NEWS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 371-2121; 1100 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ryan Hauser, Brooke Migdon, Evan Ryser, Jean Yung.

 MARKETWATCH--1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 800, Washington, DC 
20036: Jeffry Bartash, Victor Reklaitis, Gregory Robb, Robert Schroeder.

 McCLATCHY--700 12th Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20005: David 
Catanese, Francesca Chambers, Tara Copp, Shirsho Dasgupta, Alex Daugherty, 
Emma Dumain, Ronald Gaither, Kevin Hall, Kate Irby, David Lightman, Bryan 
Lowry, Brian Mandato, Alexander Roarty, Benjamin Wieder, Michael Wilner, 
Adam Wollner, Toby Zakaria.

 MEDPAGE TODAY--(646) 728-9500; 345 Hudson Street, 16th Floor, New York, NY 
10014: Shannon Firth, Joyce Frieden.

 MERCER MEDIA--(202) 834-1261: Marsha Mercer.

 MILITARY.COM--555 12th Street, NW., Suite 610, Washington, DC 20004: 
Matthew Cox, Gina Harkins, Dorothy Mills-Gregg, Oriana Pawlyk, Hope Seck, 
Richard Sisk.

 MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL--(202) 841-2028; 1575 Eye Street, NW., Suite 
350 Washington, DC 20005: Craig Gilbert.

 MINNEAPOLIS STAR TRIBUNE--(202) 408-2752; 969 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: James Spencer.

 MINNPOST--(818) 281-5907; 900 6th Avenue, SE., Minneapolis, MN 55414: 
Gabriel Schneider.

 MLEX US--1776 Eye Street, NW., Suite 260, Washington, DC 20006: Brian 
Baker, Can Celik, Anthony Cooke, Jenna Ebersole Vaino, Curtis Eichelberger, 
Rafi Felder, Maxwell Fillion, Kat Lucero, Uliana Pavlova, David Perera, 
Robert Thomason.

 NATIONAL (THE)--(202) 588-0106; PO Box 73121, Washington, DC 20056: Joyce 
Karam.

 NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 266-7849; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 4th 
Floor, Washington, DC 20037: Brendan Bordelon, Alex Clearfield, Zachary 
Cohen, George Condon, Erin Covey, Harrison Cramer, Brian Dabbs, Andrew 
DeFrank, Jeff Dufour, Erin Durkin, Isobel Ellis, Mackenzie Weinger, Casey 
Wooten.

 NEW YORK DAILY NEWS--(917) 85-3111; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, Second 
Floor, Washington, DC 20007: Michael McAuliff.

 NEW YORK POST--(212) 930-8288; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Ebony Bowden, Steven Nelson.

 NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 Eye Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20006: Binyamin Appelbaum, Emily Badger, Peter Baker, Julian 
Barnes, Katie Benner, Mikayla Bouchard, David Brooks, Elisabeth Bumiller, 
Jeffrey Burgess, Tahirah Burley, Christopher Cameron, Emily Cochrane, 
Michelle Cottle, Michael Crowley, Annie Daniel, Coral Davenport, Julie 
Davis, Elizabeth Dias, Maureen Dowd, Catie Edmondson, Reid Epstein, Lolade 
Fadulu, Nicholas Fandos, Christopher Flavelle, Lisa Friedman, Thomas 
Gibbons-Neff, Adam Goldman, Abigail Goodnough, Chris Hamby, Carl Hulse, 
John Ismay, Lara Jakes-Jason, Cecilia Kang, Zolan Kanno-Youngs, Sheila 
Kaplan, Thomas Kaplan, Sharon LaFraniere, Mark Leibovich, Lisa Lerer, Adam 
Liptak, Eric Lipton, Justine Makieli, Jonathan Martin, David McCabe, Shawn 
McCreesh, Clifton Meadows, Zachary Montague, Alicia Parlapiano, Ian 
Philbrick, Elaina Plott, Brad Plumer, Linda Qiu, Alan Rappeport, Katie 
Rogers, Matthew Rosenberg, David Sanger, Margot Sanger-Katz, Charles 
Savage, Michael Schmidt, Eric Schmitt, Thomas Shanker, Michael Shear, 
Rachel Shorey, Erica Simon, Jeanna Smialek, Jennifer Steinhauer, Richard 
Stevenson, Sheryl Stolberg, Eileen Sullivan, Ana Swanson, James Tankersley, 
Glenn Thrush, Kenneth Vogel, Mark Walker, Noah Weiland, Jonathan Weisman, 
Elizabeth Williamson, Stephen Wines, Edward Wong.

 NEWSDAY--1001 National Press Club, Washington, DC 20045: Thomas Brune, 
Laura Figueroa Hernandez.

 NIKKEI--(202) 393-1388; 815 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 310, 
Washington, DC 20006: Tomoko Ashizuka, Christina Bilski, Taisei Hoyama, 
Motoko Kawachi, Takeshi Kawanami, Stephen Keefe, Aki Naganuma, Tsuyoshi 
Nagasawa, Ryo Nakamura, Mikio Sugeno.

 NJ ADVANCE MEDIA--(301) 770-3813; 485 Route 1S, Building E Suite 300, 
Iselin, NJ 08830: Jonathan Salant.

 NRC HANDELSBLAD--(202) 899-0712: Bastiaan Blokker, Jutta Chorus.

 O ESTADO DE S. PAULO--(347) 698-0479: Beatriz Bulla.

 OMAHA WORLD-HERALD--(202) 997-9787; 836 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Joseph Morton.

 OZY MEDIA--(470) 233-2949; 444 Castro Street, Suite 303, Mountain View, CA 
94041: Nicholas Fouriezos.

 PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--(215) 854-2000; 801 Market Street, Suite 300, 
Philadelphia, PA 19107: Jonathan Tamari.

 PHILELEFTHEROS CYPRUS--(202) 408-0109: Michail Ignatiou.

 PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE--(800) 228-6397; 358 North Shore Drive, Suite 300, 
Pittsburgh, PA 15212: Tracie Mauriello, Daniel Moore.

[[Page 1009]]

 POLITIFACT--(727) 821-9494; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 1300-B, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jonathan Greenberg, Angie Holan, Louis Jacobson, 
William McCarthy.

 POWER MARKETS TODAY--(301) 769-6903; 4908 Hornbeam Drive, Rockville, MD 
20853: James Downing.

 PROPUBLICA--(212) 514-5250; 5335 Wisconsin Avenue, NW., Suite 440, 
Washington, DC 20015: Isaac Arnsdorf, Kirsten Berg, Lydia Depillis, Jack 
Gillum, Maryam Jameel, Akilah Johnson, Dara Lind, J. David McSwane, 
Sebastian Rotella, Yeganeh Torbati, Derek Willis.

 QUARTZ--(202) 266-6000; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Ephrat Livni.

 REAL CLEAR POLITICS--1725 Desales Street, NW., Suite 700 Washington, DC 
20036: Carl Cannon, Susan Crabtree, Howard Fineman, A.B. Stoddard, Philip 
Wegmann.

 REFORMA NEWSPAPER--(202) 341-3255; 1009 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., Suite 
700, Washington, DC 20037: Jose Diaz-Briseno.

 RELIGION NEWS SERVICE--(844) 767-6397; 1009 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Adelle Banks, John Jenkins, Paul O'Donnell, Robert 
Smietana.

 RHEINISCHE POST--(202) 966-2393: Frank Herrmann.

 RND NEWS NETWORK--(202) 330-1962: Karl Doemens.

 S & P GLOBAL--(877) 863-1306; 1200 G Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, 
DC 20005: Glen Boshart, Joniel Cha, Molly Christian, Michael Copley, Marcy 
Crane, Steven Dolley, Casey Egan, Andrew Engblom, Evan Fallor, William 
Freebairn, Allison Good, Meghan Gordon, Zachary Hale, William Holland, 
Jacob Holzman, David Hood, Jasmin Hudson, Karen Laping, Michael Lustig, 
Christopher Newkumet, Corey Paul, Ellie Potter, Polo Rocha, Brian Scheid, 
Bryan Schutt, Sarah Smith, Jeff Stanfield, Sean Sullivan, Stephanie Tsao, 
Maya Weber, Esther Whieldon, Donna Young, Richard Zipp.

 SALT LAKE TRIBUNE--(202) 662-8732: Thomas Burr.

 SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE--(202) 263-6573; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 950, 
Washington, DC 20005: Tal Kopan.

 SANKEI SHIMBUN--(202) 347-2842; 330 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Yoshihisa Komori, Yoshinari Kurose, Nagahisa Shiobara, B. Scott 
Stewart, Kyosuke Sumii.

 SAUDI PRESS AGENCY--(202) 944-3890; 601 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Hamad Albaqami, Hindi Albaqami, Haifaa Almubarak.

 SEGYE TIMES--(571) 302-0609; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jae Young Jung.

 SEKAI NIPPO--(571) 459-2542: Yosuke Yamazaki.

 SINGAPORE STRAITS TIMES--(202) 680-3303: Nirmal Ghosh.

 STARS AND STRIPES--(202) 886-0003; 633 3rd Street, NW., Suite 116, 
Washington, DC 20001: Corey Dickstein, Steven Benyon, Caitlin Kenney, Nikki 
Wentling.

 STAT--(617) 929-3333; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, NW., Suite 735, Washington, 
DC 20036: Lev Facher, Nicholas Florko, Erin Mershon.

 SYDNEY MORNING HERALD--(917) 775-2243; 1310 G Street, NW., Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20005: Matthew Knott.

 SYRACUSE POST-STANDARD--(315) 440-1163: Mark Weiner.

 TAGES ANZEIGER--(202) 813-7678: Alan Cassidy.

 TAIWAN CENTRAL NEWS AGENCY--1173 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tsung-Shen Cheng, Chinyeh Chiang.

 TEXAS TRIBUNE--(512) 716-8600; 19 Congress Avenue, The Sixth Floor, 
Austin, Texas 78701: Abby Livingston.

 THOMSON REUTERS--(646) 223-4000; 1333 H Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20005: Timothy Ahmann, Idrees Ali, Alexandra Alper, Diane 
Bartz, Amanda Becker, Eric Beech, Alistair Bell, Christopher Bing, Melissa 
Bland, Nandita Bose, David Brunnstrom, Ginger Burk, Doina Chiacu, Ross 
Colvin, Peter Cooney, Susan Cornwell, Richard Cowan, William Dunham, 
Lindsay Dunsmuir, Peter Eisler, Timothy Gardner, Rodrek Golden, Paul Grant, 
Ronnie Greene, Julia Harte, Bradford Heath, Susan Heavey, Sonya Hepinstall, 
Theodore Hesson, Steve Holland, Mark Hosenball, Lawrence Hurley, Katanga 
Johnson, Soyoung Kim, Lisa Lambert, Jonathan Landay, Jason Lange, Makini 
Lanne, David Lawder, Katherina Lemus, Sarah Lynch, Sandra Maler, Jeffrey 
Mason, Mary Milliken, Arshad Mohammed, David Morgan, Kieran Murray, Lucia 
Mutikani, James Oliphant, Humeyra Pamuk, Christine Prentice, Michelle 
Price, Daphne Psaledakis, Andrea Ricci, Aram Roston, Timothy Ryan, Chris 
Sanders, Raphael Satter, Joel Schectman, Howard Schneider, Peter Schroeder, 
Andrea Shalal, David Shepardson, John Shiffman, Paul Simao, Matthew 
Spetalnick, Phillip Stewart, Michael Stone, Andrew Sullivan, Jason Szep, 
Joseph Tanfani, Marisa Taylor, Heather Timmons, Valerie Volcovici, Michael 
Weekes, John Whitesides, Jan Wolfe, Mohammad Zargham. Patricia Zengerle.

 TIMES OF INDIA--(301) 495-9548: Chidanand Rajghatta.

 TIMES OF LONDON--1101 17th Street, NW., Suite 601, Washington, DC 20045: 
David Charter. Henry Zeffman.

 TOKYO CHUNICHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-9479; 1012 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Conrad Chaffee, Nakahiro Iwata, Takao Kanasugi, 
Christopher Kelly, Wataru Shiraishi. Eri Urano.

[[Page 1010]]

 T-ONLINE.DE--(202) 299-9508: Fabian Reinbold.

 TORONTO STAR--(301) 320-6360: Edward Keenan.

 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY--(202) 494-1189: Martin Schram.

 TULSA WORLD--(703) 623-4397: Jim Myers.

 UNITED DAILY NEWS--(202) 655-8268: Chia Chang.

 UNITED MEDIA--(301) 494-0430: Lew Sichelman.

 USA TODAY--(703) 854-6000; 1575 Eye Street, NW., Suite 350, Washington, DC 
20005: Kenneth Alltucker, Savannah Behrmann, Jarrett Bell, Steven 
Berkowitz, Caren Bohan, William Cummings, John D'Anna, John Fritze, 
Christal Hayes, David Jackson, Bart Jansen, Kevin Johnson, Katharine 
Lawrence, David Mastio, Rebecca Morin, Susan Page, Kristine Phillips, Maria 
Puente, Christopher Quintana, Jeanine Santucci, Donovan Slack, William 
Sternberg, Martina Stewart, Courtney Subramanian, Thomas Vanden Brook, 
Richard Wolf, Nicholas Wu. Gregg Zoroya.

 US REPORT (GERMANY)--(301) 299-5777: Thomas Spang.

 VOTERAMA IN CONGRESS--(202) 332-0857: Richard Thomas.

 WALL STREET JOURNAL / DOW JONES--(202) 862-9200; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, 
NW., Suite 800, Washington, DC 20036: Andrew Ackerman, Mark Anderson, 
Natalie Andrews, Stephanie Armour, Emily Austin, Rebecca Ballhaus, Paul 
Beckett, Michael Bender, Janet Booker, Becky Bowers, Martin Brandt, Jess 
Bravin, Thomas Burton, Julie Bykowicz, Sarah Chaney, Dante Chinni, Rodney 
Christian, L. Kareema Clark, Eliza Collins, John Corrigan, Alexa Corse, 
Alan Cullison, Jeanne Cummings, Kate Davidson Choma, Robert Davis, Chad 
Day, Jessica Donati-Bourne, Andrew Duehren, Drew FitzGerald, Brett Forrest, 
Theodore Francis, Miguel Gonzalez, Michael Gordon, James Grimaldi, Sadie 
Gurman, Michelle Hackman, Timothy Hanrahan, David Harrison, Yuka Hayashi, 
Nell Henderson, Siobhan Hughes, Gregory Ip, Joshua Jamerson, Brent Kendall, 
Paul Kiernan, Alex Leary, Rachel Levy, Gordon Lubold, Edward Mann, Jude 
Marfil, William Mauldin, Courtney McBride, John McKinnon, David Michaels, 
Eric Morath, Broderick Mullins, Daniel Nasaw, Kate O'Keeffe, Amara Omeokwe, 
Robert Ourlian, Paul Overberg, Paul Page, Scott Patterson, Kristina 
Peterson, Michael Phillips, Timothy Puko, Louise Radnofsky, Andrew 
Restuccia, Gabriel Rubin, Richard Rubin, Jathon Sapsford, Jacob 
Schlesinger, Gerald Seib, Sabrina Siddiqui, Katy Stech Ferek, Warren 
Strobel, Ian Talley, Byron Tau, Kenneth Thomas, Nicolas Timiraos, Harriet 
Torry, Ryan Tracy, Aruna Viswanatha, Dustin Volz, Lindsay Wise, Nancy 
Youssef, Aaron Zitner. Joshua Zumbrun.

 WARREN COMMUNICATIONS--(202) 872-9202; 2115 Ward Court, NW.. Washington, 
DC 20037: James Phillips.

 WASHINGTON EXAMINER--(202) 496-3345; 1152 15th Street, NW., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: T. Becket Adams, Michael Barone, Paul Bedard, 
Elizabeth Bufkin, Timothy Carney, Jeffrey Cimmino, Diana Correll, Robert 
Crilly, Katherine Doyle, David Drucker, Jeremiah Dunleavy, Susan Ferrechio, 
Madeline Fry, Joel Gehrke, Anna Giaritelli, Alana Goodman, Zachary 
Halaschak, Jay Heflin, Sean Higgins, Nihal Krishan, Emily Larsen, Joseph 
Lawler, Naomi Lim, David Mark, Abraham Mashie, Cassidy Morrison, Timothy 
Pearce, Kerry Picket, Melissa Quinn, Thomas Rogan, John Siciliano, Joshua 
Siegel, Joseph Simonson, Abby Smith, Emily Ward, Caitlin Yilek. Byron York.

 WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-6000; 1301 K Street, NW., Washington, DC 20071: 
Yasmeen Abutaleb, Joel Achenbach, Jacqueline Alemany, Keith Alexander, 
Mariana Alfaro Martinez, Nicholas Anderson, Lori Aratani, Rachael Bade, 
Holly Bailey, Daniel Balz, Robert Barnes, Martin Baron, Cameron Barr, John 
Barrett, Victoria Benning, Mark Berman, Jeremy Bowers, Emma Brown, Donna 
Cassata, Ariana Cha, Robert Costa, Tim Craig, Paige Cunningham, Christian 
Davenport, Joseph Davidson, Aaron Davis, Joshua Dawsey, Michael DeBonis, 
Cathleen Decker, Karoun Demirjian, Brady Dennis, Karen DeYoung, Joshua du 
Lac, Ian Duncan, Juliet Eilperin, David Fahrenthold, Darryl Fears, Paulina 
Firozi, Reuben Fischer-Baum, Marc Fisher, Mary Flaherty, Todd Frankel, 
Andrew Freedman, Amy Gardner, Elizabeth Gardner Whyte, Anne Gearan, Justin 
George, Steven Ginsberg, Matea Gold, Amy Goldstein, Dino Grandoni, Aaron 
Gregg, Joan Greve, Brent Griffiths, Ashley Halsey, Thomas Hamburger, Shane 
Harris, Andrew Harwell, Joseph Heim, Rosalind Helderman, Peter Hermann, 
Arelis Hernandez, James Hohmann, Sari Horwitz, Spencer Hsu, John Hudson, 
Tracy Jan, Jenna Johnson, Mary Jordan, Maura Judkis, Paul Kane, Daniel 
Keating, Glenn Kessler, Seung Min Kim, Kimberly Kindy, Marissa Lang, Sarah 
Larimer, Michael Laris, Lyndsey Layton, Luz Lazo, Michelle Lee, Anne 
Linskey, Heather Long, David Lynch, Joseph Marks, Brittany Mayes, Robert 
McCartney, Mary McGinley, Michelle McIntyre, Laura Meckler, Ted Mellnik, 
Renae Merle, Dana Milbank, Gregory Miller, David Montgomery, Lori 
Montgomery, Carol Morello, Steven Mufson, David Nakamura, Ellen Nakashima, 
Tory Newmyer, Jonathan O'Connell, Robert O'Harrow, Abigail Ohlheiser, 
Damian Paletta, Ashley Parker, Amber Phillips, Jenna Portnoy, Elliot 
Postell, Martine Powers, Kate Rabinowitz, Laura Reiley, Lisa Rein, Beth 
Reinhard, Salvador Rizzo, Eugene Robinson, Joshua Rogin, Manuel Roig-
Franzia, Anthony Romm, Michael Rosenwald, Christopher Rowland, Philip 
Rucker, Robert Samuels, Ann Sargent, Kevin Schaul, Michael Scherer, Mark 
Seibel, Avi Selk, Hamza Shaban, Sandhya Somashekhar, Felicia Sonmez, Paul 
Sonne, Sara Sorcher, Isaac Stanley-Becker, Jeffrey Stein, Kevin Sullivan, 
Patricia Sullivan, Sean Sullivan, Lena Sun, Susan Svrluga, Benjamin Terris, 
Ishaan Tharoor, Reis Thebault, Karen Tumulty, Kevin Uhrmacher, Elise 
Viebeck, Matthew Viser, John Wagner, Peter Wallsten, Amy Wang, Joby

[[Page 1011]]

Warrick, Emily Wax, David Weigel, Rachel Weiner, Erica Werner, Jeanne 
Whalen, Craig Whitlock, Peter Whoriskey, Clarence Williams, Vanessa 
Williams, Scott Wilson, Robert Woodward, Cleve Wootson, Eric Yoder, Daniel 
Zak, Cat Zakrzewski, Matthew Zapotosky. Katie Zezima.

 WASHINGTON TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES--(804) 695-4628: Gordon White.

 WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, 
DC 20002: David Boyer, Stephen Dinan, Christopher Dolan, Ethan Epstein, 
Michael Glenn, Jennifer Harper, Thomas Howell, Henry Hurt, Sophie Kaplan, 
Ryan Lovelace, Seth McLaughlin, Lauren Meier, S.A. Miller, Jeffrey Mordock, 
Gabriella Munoz, David Sands, Rowan Scarborough, David Sherfinski, Alex 
Swoyer, Shen Wu Tan, Guy Taylor, Christopher Vondracek. Benjamin Wolfgang.

 WHITE HOUSE DOSSIER--(202) 277-5416: Keith Koffler.

 WOLFNEWS--Mariuccia Chiantaretto.

 WORLD JOURNAL--954 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: Carolyn 
Chang. Xiaoyuan Luo.

 YAHOO NEWS--701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089: Michael Isikoff, Samuel 
Matthews, Jenna McLaughlin, Sean Naylor, Aleksandr Nazaryan, Brittany 
Sheperd, Suzanne Smalley, Hunter Walker, Jonathan Ward. Sharon Weinberger.

 YOMIURI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-2050; 802 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Mineko Abe, Sho Funakoshi, Colin Gamm, Michitaka Kaiya, Kazuhiko 
Makita, Alexander Nickol, Ryosuke Yamauchi. Yuya Yokobori.


[[Page 1012]]





[[Page 1013]]

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                  The Capitol, Room S-317, phone 224-6548

                   https://pressphotographers.senate.gov

 Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
     Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
     Senior Assistant Director.--Tricia Munro.
     Assistant Director.--Matthew Grant.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                             J. Scott Applewhite, 
                                                Associated Press, Chair
                                             Win McNamee, Getty Images, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                             Jim Bourg, Reuters News 
                                                Pictures
                                             Tom Williams, CQ / Roll 
                                                Call
                                             Melina Mara, Washington 
                                                Post
                                             Gabriella Demczuk, 
                                                Independent
                                  _______

               RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

     1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective Gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     (b) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
     (c) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery 
shall propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition 
in writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the Gallery.
     2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery 
of the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
     3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads of Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
     4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the Gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
     (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the Gallery.

[[Page 1014]]

     (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the Gallery.
     The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                  Roy Blunt,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.



[[Page 1015]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                                  PRESS 
                              PHOTOGRAPHERS' 
                                 GALLERY
                                 

 Abraham, Mark: Freelance

 Abramson, Mark: Freelance

 Ake, John David: Associated Press Photos

 Andrew, Jason: Freelance

 Angerer, Andrew: Getty Images

 Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

 Ashley, Douglas: Suburban Communications Corp.

 Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

 Barouh, Stanford: Freelance

 Barrett, Stephen: Freelance

 Barria Moraga, Carlos: Reuters News Pictures

 Barrick, Matthew: Freelance

 Benic, Patrick: United Press International

 Berglie, James: Zuma Press

 Bernstein, Aaron: Freelance

 Binks, Porter: Sports Illustrated

 Bivera, Johnny: Freelance

 Boal, John: Freelance

 Bongioanni, Carlos: Stars and Stripes

 Botsford, Jabin: Washington Post

 Bourg, James: Reuters News Pictures

 Bowe, Diane: ImageCatcher News

 Brack, William: Black Star

 Brandon, James: Associated Press Photos

 Brenner, Thomas: Freelance

 Bulbin, Lauren: Washingtonian

 Butow, David: Freelance

 Caballero-Reynolds, Andrew: Agence France-Presse

 Calvert, Mary: Freelance

 Carioti, Richard: Washington Post

 Cedeno, Kenneth: Freelance

 Ceneta, Manuel: Associated Press Photos

 Chebbine, Lina: U.S. News & World Report

 Chen, Meng Tong: China News Service

 Chikwendiu, Jahi: Washington Post

 Christian, Douglas: Freelance

 Chung, Andre: Freelance

 Clark, William: CQ/Roll Call

 Cohen, Marshall: Bigmarsh News Photos

 Coleman, Chloe: Washington Post

 Connor, Kristopher: Freelance

 Contreras Cruz, Oliver: Freelance

 Coppage, Gary: Photo Press International

 Corum, Samuel: Freelance

 Crowley, Stephen: Freelance

 Demczuk, Gabriella: Freelance

 Dietsch, Kevin: United Press International

 Domb-Sadof, Karly: Washington Post

 Douliery, Olivier: AbacaPress Photo Agency

 Drago, Alexander: Freelance

 Duggan, James: Freelance

 Edelman, Alexander: Freelance

 Elkins, Jeffrey: Washingtonian

 Elswick, Jonathan: Associated Press Photos

 Ernst, Jonathan: Reuters News Pictures

 Falk, Steven: Philadelphia Inquirer

 Frey, Katherine: Washington Post

 Gail, Carl: Washington Post

 Galietta, Wendy: Washington Post

 Georges, Salwan: Washington Post

 Gibson, Zachary: Freelance

 Golon, MaryAnne: Washington Post

 Gripas, Yuri: Freelance

 Gromelski, Joseph: Stars and Stripes

 Gruber, Jack: USA Today

 Gupta, Avijit: U.S. News & World Report

 Gurbuz, Sait: Freelance

 Guzy, Carol: Freelance

 Hambach, Eva: Agence France-Presse

 Harnik, Andrew: Associated Press Photos

 Harrer, Andrew: Bloomberg News Photo

 Harrington, John: Black Star

 Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

 Hill, Robert: Freelance

 Hockstein, Evelyn: Freelance

 Hosefros, Paul: Freelance

 Jackson, Lawrence: Freelance

 Jennings, Graeme: Washington Examiner

 Jimenez-Stuard, Olga: Washington Post

 Jones, Leah: Freelance

 Joseph, Marvin: Washington Post

 Kahn, Gregory: Freelance

 Kahn, Nikki: Freelance

 Kamm, Nicholas: Agence France-Presse

 Kaster, Carolyn: Associated Press Photos

 Katopodis, Anastasios: Freelance

 Katz, Martin: Chesapeake News Service

 Kennedy, Charles: Freelance

 Kennerly, David: Freelance

 Key, Michael: Washington Blade

 Kirkpatrick, Nicholas: Washington Post

 Kirkpatrick, Thomas Jay: Freelance

 Kittner, Samuel: Freelance

 Kleponis, Christopher: Freelance

 Kruszewski, Eric: Freelance

 Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters News Pictures

 Lamkey, Rodney Arthur, Jr.: Freelance

 Lane, Keith: Freelance

 Lanham, Yuko: Asahi Shimbun

 Latimer, Bronwen: Washington Post

 LaVor, Martin: Freelance

 Lawidjaja, Rudy: Freelance

[[Page 1016]]

 Lesser, Erik: European Pressphoto Agency

 Lewis, Roy: Washington Informer

 Liu, Jie: Xinhua News Agency

 Loeb, Saul: Agence France-Presse

 Loehrke, Timothy: USA Today

 LoScalzo, James: European Pressphoto Agency

 Lynch, Mary: Freelance

 Lyttle, Melissa: Freelance

 Magana-oceja, Jose Luis: Freelance

 Mages, Evy: Freelance

 Mahaskey, Michael: Politico

 Makela, Mark: Freelance

 Malet, Jeffrey: Freelance

 Mallin, Jay: Freelance

 Mara, Melina: Washington Post

 Markel, Bradley: Capri

 Marks, Donovan: Freelance

 Marovich, Peter: Freelance

 Martin, Jacquelyn: Associated Press Photos

 Martinez Monsivais, Pablo: Associated Press Photos

 Mathieson, Gregory: MAI Photo Agency

 May, Cheriss: Freelance

 McClain, Matthew: Washington Post

 McCoy, Michael: Freelance

 McDonnell, John: Washington Post

 McKoy, Kirk: Los Angeles Times

 McNamee, Bruce: Getty Images

 Meyer, Cheryl: Freelance

 Miller, Mark: Washington Post

 Miller, Robert: Washington Post

 Millis, Leah: Reuters News Pictures

 Mills, Douglas: New York Times

 Mohammed, Eman: Freelance

 Moneymaker, Anna: Freelance

 Morigi, Paul: Freelance

 Morones, Michael: The Freelance-Star

 Mount, Bonnie: Washington Post

 Nash, Gregory: The Hill

 Newton, Jonathan: Washington Post

 Ngan, Mandel: Agence France-Presse

 Nipp, Lisa: Freelance

 Nolly Araujo, Angel: Notimex

 Nordby, Leslie: Freelance

 O'Leary, William: Washington Post

 Owen, Clifford: Freelance

 Ozturk, Yasin: Anadolu Agency

 Palu, Luigino: Zuma Press

 Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

 Partlow, Wayne: Associated Press Photos

 Patterson, Kathryn: Freelance

 Peterson, Mark: Freelance

 Petros, Vasilios: Freelance

 Philippi, Joy: Freelance

 Plowman, William: Freelance

 Purcell, Steven: Freelance

 Radzinschi, Diego: National Law Journal

 Reinhard, Richard: Impact Digitals

 Reynolds, Michael: European Pressphoto Agency

 Reynolds, Stefani: The Hill

 Riecken, Astrid: Freelance

 Roberts, Joshua: Freelance

 Robinson-Chavez, Michael: Washington Post

 Rolfe, Judith: Freelance

 Ryan, Patrick: Freelance

 Sachs, Ronald: Consolidated News Pictures

 Samperio, Aurora: Freelance

 Sandys, Toni: Washington Post

 Savi, Riccardo: Freelance

 Schaeffer-Hopkins, Sandra: MAI Photo Agency

 Schaff, Erin: New York Times

 Schmalz, Julia: Chronicle of Higher Education

 Schmidt, Roberto: Freelance

 Scott, Andrew: USA Today

 Scott, Erin: Polaris Images

 Semansky, Patrick: Associated Press Photos

 Sha, Hanting: China News Service

 Shelley, Allison: Freelance

 Shen, Ting: Freelance

 Shipman-Singleton, Paulette: Freelance

 Simon, Martin: Redux Pictures

 Simonetti, Thomas: Washington Post

 Slim, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

 Smialowski, Brendan: Agence France-Presse

 Somodevilla, Kenneth: Getty Images

 Squires, Derek: Tax Analysts'

 Swall, Lexey: Freelance

 Sweets, Fredric: St. Louis American

 Sykes, Jack: Professional Pilot Magazine

 Tatlow, Dermot: Panos Pictures

 Taylor, Marisa: New York Times

 Thayer, Eric: Freelance

 Theiler, Michael: Freelance

 Thew, Shawn: European Pressphoto Agency

 Tripplaar, Kristoffer: Freelance

 Usher, Christopher: Freelance

 Van Houten, Carolyn: Washington Post

 Varias, Stelios: Reuters News Pictures

 Vick, Vanessa: Freelance

 Vogel, Leigh: Freelance

 Voisard, Amanda: Freelance

 Voisin, Sarah: Washington Post

 Voss, Stephen: Freelance

 Vucci, Evan: Associated Press Photos

 Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

 Watkins, Frederick: Freelance

 Watson, James: Agence France-Presse

 Wells, Jonathan: Sipa Press, Inc.

 Whitehouse, Raymond: Freelance

 Wiegold, David: 1105 Media

 Williams, Thomas: CQ/Roll Call

 Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

 Wilson, Mark: Getty Images

 Winter, Damon: New York Times

 Wolf, Kevin: Freelance

[[Page 1017]]

 Wolf, Lloyd: Freelance

 Wong, Alex: Getty Images

 Wroblewski, Alex: Freelance

 Yim, Heesoon: Hana

 Young, James: Reuters News Pictures

 Ziegler, Brett: U.S. News & World Report


[[Page 1018]]

                           SERVICES REPRESENTED

  (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of representative)
                   
 1105 MEDIA--8609 Westwood Center Drive, Vienna, VA 22182-2215: Wiegold, 
David.

 ABACA USA--989 6th Avenue, New York City, NY 10018: Douliery, Oliver.

 AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE--(202) 289-0700; 1500 K Street, NW., Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20005: Cahellero-Reynolds, Andrew; Hambach, Eva; Kamm, 
Nicholas; Loeb, Saul; Ngan, Mandel; Slim, Daniel; Smialowski, Brendan; 
Watson, James.

 ANADOLU--National Press Building, 529 14th Street NW., Suite 1131, 
Washington, DC 20045: Corum, Samuel; Ozturk, Yasin.

 ASAHI SHIMBUN--(202) 783-1000; National Press Building, 529 14th Street 
NW., Suite 1022, Washington, DC 20045: Lanham, Yuko.

 ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS--(202) 641-9520; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20005: Ake, David; Applewhite, J. Scott; Brandon, James 
Alex; Ceneta, Manuel B.; Elswick, Jon; Harnik, Andrew; Helber, Stephen; 
Kaster, Carolyn; Martin, Jacquelyn; Martinez Monsivas, Pablo; Partlow, 
Wayne; Semansky, Patrick; Vucci, Evan; Walsh, Susan.

 BIGMARSH NEWS PHOTOS--(202) 364-8332; 5131 52nd Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Cohen, Marshall.

 BLACK STAR--(703) 547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Road, Alexandria, VA 22308: 
Brack, William; Harrington, John.

 BLOOMBERG GOVERNMENT--(202) 654-7300; 1801 South Bell Street, Arlington, 
VA 22202: Harrer, Andrew.

 CAPRI--Markel, Bradley.

 CHESAPEAKE NEWS SERVICE--(410) 484-3500; 619 Oakwood Drive, Seven Valleys, 
PA 17360: Katz, Marty.

 CHINA NEWS SERVICE--(703) 536-3657: Chen, Meng Tong; Sha, Hanting.

 CHRONICLE OF HIGHER EDUCATION--(202) 466-1728; 1255 23rd Street, NW., 
Suite 700, Washington, DC, 20037: Schmaltz, Julia.

 CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--(202) 543-3203; 10305 Leslie Street, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902: Sachs, Ronald.

 CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--341 West 38th Street, New York City, NY, 10018.

 CORBIS--710 2nd Avenue, Suite 200, Seattle, Washington, 98104: Simon, 
Martin.

 CQ / Roll Call--(202) 650-6500; 1625 Eye St. NW Washington, DC 20006: 
Clark, Bill; Williams, Tom.

 EUROPEAN PRESS PHOTO--(202) 347-4694; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 1122, 
Washington, DC 20045: Lesser, Erik; LoScalzo, Jim; Reynolds, Michael; Thew, 
Shawn.

 GETTY IMAGES--(202) 347-2050; National Press Building, 529 14th Street, 
NW., Suite 1125, Washington, DC 20045: Angerer, Drew; McNamee, Win; 
Somodevilla, Kenneth; Wilson, Mark L.; Wong, Alex.

 GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--(516) 931-2333; 35-0723 Avenue, Astoria, NY, 
11105: Panagos, Dimitrios.

 HANA--(202) 262-4541; 3505 International Place, NW., Washington, DC 20008: 
Yim, Heesoon.

 IMAGE CATCHER NEWS--(301) 652-2774; 4911 Hampden Lane, Bethesda, MD 20815: 
Bowe, Diane.

 IMPACT DIGITALS--(212) 614-8406; 32 6th Avenue, Suite 1, New York City, NY 
10013: Reinhard, Rick.

 LOS ANGELES TIMES--(213) 283-2274; 1025 F Street NW, Suite 700, 
Washington, DC 20004: McKoy, Kirk.

 MAI PHOTO AGENCY--(703) 968-0030; 10856 Caraway Circle, Manassas, VA 
20109: Mathieson, Greg; Schaeffer-Hopkins, Sandra.

 MCCLATCHY WASHINGTON BUREAU--(202) 383-6126; 700 12th Street, NW., Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: Meyer, Cheryl.

 NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Lynch, Liz.

 NATIONAL LAW JOURNAL--(202) 828-0336; 1100 M Street NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Radzinschi, Diego.

 NOTIMEX--(202) 347-5227; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 425, Washington, DC 
20045-1401: Nolly Araujo, Angel.

 PANOS--(617) 710-7413; Unit K, Reliance Wharf Hertford Road, London, 
N15EW, UK: Tatlow, Dermott.

 PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER--400 N Broad St., Philadelphia, PA 19130: Falk, 
Stephen.

 PHOTO PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(540) 286-1045; P.O. Box 190, Goldvein, VA 
22720: Coppage, Gary.

[[Page 1019]]

 POLARIS IMAGES--259 West 30th Street, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10001: 
Hockstein, Evelyn; Scott, Erin.

 POLITICO--(703) 647-7694: 1100 Wilson Boulevard, 8th Floor, Arlington, VA: 
Shinkle, John.

 PROFESSIONAL PILOT MAGAZINE--30 South Quaker Lane, Unit 300, Alexandria, 
VA, 22314: Sykes, Jack.

 REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--(202) 898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Barria, Carlos; Bourg, Jim; Ernst, Jonathan; 
Lamarque, Kevin; Millis, Leah; Varias, Stelios; Young, James.

 SAINT LOUIS AMERICAN--(314) 533-8000; 2315 Pine Street, St. Louis, MO 
63103: Sweets, Frederic.

 SIPA PRESS--(212) 463-0150; 307 7th Avenue, Suite 807, New York, NY 10001: 
Triplar, Kristoffer: Wells, Jonathan.

 SPORTS ILLUSTRATED--135 West 50th Street, New York City, NY 10020: Binks, 
Porter.

 STARS AND STRIPES--529 14th St., NW., Suite 350, Washington, DC 20045: 
Bongioanni, Carlos; Gromelski, Joseph.

 SUBURBAN COMMUNICATIONS CORP--(248) 568-0006; 331 East Bell Street, 
Camden, MI 44232: Ashley, Douglas.

 TAX ANALYSTS'--(703) 533-4476; 400 South Maple Ave., Suite 400, Falls 
Church, VA 22046: Squires, Derek.

 THE FREELANCE-STAR--(540) 368-5053; 1340 Central Park Blvd., Suite 100, 
Fredericksburg, VA 22401: Morones, Mike.

 THE HILL--(202) 628-8525; 1625 K Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 20006: 
Nash, Greg; Reynolds, Stefani.

 THE NEW YORK TIMES--1627 Eye Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: Crowley, 
Stephen; Mills, Doug; Schaff, Erin; Taylor, Marisa; Winter, Damon.

 THE WASHINGTON BLADE--1712 14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20009: Key, 
Michael.

 THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER--(202) 903-2000; 1015 15th Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Jennings, Graeme.

 THE WASHINGTON INFORMER--(202) 561-4100; 3117 Martin L. King Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20032: Lewis, Roy.

 THE WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7380; 1150 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20071: Botsford, Jabin; Carioti, Richard; Chikwendiu, Jahi; Coleman, Chloe; 
Domb-Sadof, Karly; Frey, Katherine; Gail, Carl; Galieta, Wendy; Golon, 
MaryAnne; Jimenez-Stuard, Olga; Joseph, Marvin; Kirkpatrick, Nick; Latimer, 
Bronwen; Mara, Melina; McClain, Matt; McDonnell, John; Miller, Mark; 
Miller, Robert; Mount, Bonnie; Newton, Jonathan; O'Leary, William; 
Robinson-Chavez, Michael; Georges, Salwan; Sandys, Toni; Simonetti, Thomas; 
Van Houten, Carolyn; Voisin, Sarah; Williamson, Michael.

 UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 898-8071; 1133 19th Street, Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Benic, Patrick T.; Dietsch, Kevin.

 US NEWS AND WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2000; 1050 Thomas Jefferson St. NW, 
Washington, DC 20007: Chebbine, Lina; Gupta, Avijit; Ziegler, Brett.

 USA/ TODAY--(703) 854-5216; 1575 I Street, NW., Suite 350, Washington, DC 
20005: Gruber, Jack; Loehrke, Tim; Scott, Andrew.

 WASHINGTONIAN--(202) 296-3600; 1828 L Street NW, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20036: Bulbin, Lauren; Elkins, Jeffrey.

 XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0082; 1740 N. 14th Street, Arlington, VA 
22209: Liu, Jie.

 ZUMA PRESS--408 North El Camino Road, San Clemente, CA 92672: Berglie, 
James; Palu, Luigino.

                                FREELANCE

 Freelance--Abraham, Mark; Abramson, Mark; Andrew, Jason; Augustino, 
Jocelyn; Barouh, Stanford; Barrett, Stephen; Barrick, Matthew; Bernstein, 
Aaron; Bivera, Johnny; Boal, John; Brenner, Thomas; Butow, David; Calvert, 
Mary; Cedeno, Kenneth; Christian, Douglas; Chung, Andre; Connor, 
Kristopher; Contreras Cruz, Oliver; Corum, Samuel; Crowley, Stephen; 
Demczuk, Gabriella; Drago, Alexander; Duggan, James; Edelman, Alexander; 
Gibson, Zachary; Gripas, Yuri; Gurbuz, Sait; Guzy, Carol; Hill, Robert; 
Hockstein, Evelyn; Hosefros, Paul; Jackson, Lawrence; Jones, Leah; Kahn, 
Gregory; Kahn, Nikki; Katopodis, Anastasios; Kennedy, Charles; Kennerly, 
David; Kirkpatrick, Thomas Jay; Kittner, Samuel; Kleponis, Christopher; 
Kruszewski, Eric; Lamkey, Jr., Rodney Arthur; Lane, Keith; LaVor, Martin; 
Lawidjaja, Rudy; Lynch, Mary; Lyttle, Melissa; Magana-oceja, Jose Luis; 
Mages, Evy; Makela, Mark; Malet, Jeffrey; Mallin, Jay; Marks, Donovan; 
Marovich, Peter; May, Cheriss; McCoy, Michael; Meyer, Cheryl; Mohammed, 
Eman; Moneymaker, Anna; Morigi, Paul; Nipp, Lisa; Nordby, Leslie; Owen, 
Clifford; Patterson, Kathryn; Peterson, Mark; Petros, Vasilios; Philippi, 
Joy; Plowman, William; Purcell, Steven; Riecken, Astrid; Roberts, Joshua; 
Rolfe, Judith; Ryan, Patrick; Samperio, Aurora; Savi, Riccardo; Schmidt, 
Roberto; Shelley, Allison; Shen, Ting; Shipman-Singleton, Paulette; Swall, 
Lexey; Thayer, Eric; Theiler, Michael; Tripplaar, Kristoffer; Usher, 
Christopher; Vick, Vanessa; Vogel, Leigh; Voisard, Amanda; Voss, Stephen; 
Watkins, Frederick; Whitehouse, Raymond; Wolf, Kevin; Wolf, Lloyd; 
Wroblewski, Alex.




[[Page 1020]]

                 WHITE HOUSE NEWS PHOTOGRAPHERS' ASSOCIATION  
                                      
      P.O. Box 7119, Ben Franklin Station, Washington, DC 20044-7119

                             https://whnpa.org

                                 OFFICERS

                    Whitney Shefte, WTTG-TV, President

                    Jim Bourg, Reuters, Vice President

                 Jessica Koscielniak, McClatchy, Secretary

               Jonathan Elswick, Associated Press, Treasurer

                                      

                             EXECUTIVE BOARD

                         Jonathan Ernst (Reuters)

                Pablo Martinez Monsivais (Associated Press)

                          Carol Guzy (Freelance)

                            McKenna Ewen (CNN)

                        David Postovit (Hearst TV)

                   Whitney Leaming (The Washington Post)

        Andrew Harnik, Contest Chair, Still (The Associated Press)

      Pege Gilgannon, Contest Co-Chair, Broadcast (WJLA-TV) (retired)

            Doug Wilkes, Contest Co-Chair, Broadcast (WTTG-TV)

     Whitney Leaming, Contest Chair, Digital Storytelling (Freelance)

               Al Drago, Contest Chair, Student (Freelance)

     Bethany Swain, Contest Co-Chair, Student (University of Maryland)

       Pablo Martinez Monsivais, Education Chair (Associated Press)

                           MEMBERS REPRESENTED

 Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

 Abraham, Mark: Freelance

 Adlerblum, Robin: Freelance

 Ake, J. David: Associated Press

 Alamiri, Yasmeen: CGTN America

 Albert, Christopher: CBS News, Freelance

 Alberter, William Jr.: CNN

 Allard, Marc: freelance

 Allen, Tom: The Washington Post (retired)

 Anderson, Kristina: AWPS News

 Angerer, Drew: Getty Images

 Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press

 Apt Johnson, Roslyn: CBS News

 Arcuri, Bronson: NPR

 Ashley, Douglas: Suburban News Group & ABC TV

 Assaf, Christopher: Academic

 Auth, William: Freelance

 Bahler, Barry: Images and News Creations

 Barlow, Joshua: CGTN America

 Barria, Carlos: Reuters

 Barrick, Matthew: Freelance

 Batten, Rodney: NBC News

 Beattie, Sam: Freelance

 Beiser, H. Darr: USA Today (retired)

 Benic, Patrick: UPI

 Bennett, Ronald T.: Executive Branch (retired)

 Bennett, Donald: The Washington Post

 Berkman, Eliezer (Elie): Freelance

 Biddle, Susan: The Washington Post (retired)

 Bing, Bonita: Freelance

 Bivera, Johnny: Freelance

 Boal, John: Freelance

 Bodnar, John: CNN

 Botsford, Jabin: The Washington Post

 Bourg, James: Reuters

 Bowe, Christy: ImageCatcher News

 Brack, Dennis: Black Star

 Brandon, Alex: Associated Press

 Brantley, James R.: Freelance

 Brehman, Caroline: CQ Roll Call

 Brochstein, Michael: Freelance

 Brown, Beth: WRC-TV

 Brown, Stephen: Freelance

 Brusk, Steven: CNN

 Bryan, Beverly: (retired)


[[Page 1021]]


 Buell, Hal: AP (retired)

 Burgess, Robert: Freelance

 Burke, Geoffrey: USA Today Sports

 Burke, William C., Jr.: (retired)

 Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

 Butow, David: (retired)

 Caballero-Reynolds, Andrew: AFP

 Calvert, Mary: Washington Times

 Cameron, Gary: Reuters News Pictures (retired)

 Carioti, Ricky: The Washington Post

 Carr, Robert: Getty Images

 Carter, David: NBC4 WRC-TV

 Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

 Ceneta, Manuel: Associated Press

 Chikwendiu, Jahi: The Washington Post

 Chiu, Lisa: CGTN America

 Chowdhury, Maureen: McClatchy

 Chung, Andre: Freelance

 Cirace, Robert: CNN (retired)

 Clark, Bill: Roll Call

 Cobb, Jodi: Freelance

 Cohen, Marshall H.: Big Marsh News Photos

 Cohen, Stuart: Freelance

 Colburn, James: Freelance

 Cole, Adam: NPR

 Cole, Bryan: Fox News Channel

 Collins, Maxine: BBC TV

 Colvin, Rhonda: The Washington Post

 Conger, Dean: (retired)

 Conner, Eric: Fox News Network

 Contreras, Oliver: Freelance

 Cortez, Julio: The Associated Press

 Costello, Thomas, II: Asbury Park Press

 Courtney, Eric: CGTN America

 Criswell, Daniel, Jr.: CGTN America

 Daugherty, Bob: Associated Press (retired)

 Demark, Michael: Fox News Channel

 Demczuk, Gabriella: Freelance

 Devorah, Carrie: Freelance (retired)

 Diaz Meyer, Cheryl: Freelance

 DiBartolo, Melissa: Nikon

 Dietsch, Kevin: UPI

 Doane, Martin: WJLA-TV

 Douliery, Oliver: Abaca Press

 Downing, Larry: Reuters (retired)

 Drago, Al: Roll Call

 Drapkin, Arnold: TIME Magazine

 Du, Yubin: CGTN America

 Dukehart, Thomas, Jr.: WUSA-TV (retired)

 Dunmire, John: WTTG-TV (retired)

 Eaves, Ed: NBC News

 Edelman, Alex: Freelance

 Edmonds, Ron: Associated Press

 Edrington, Michael: DMIOC (retired)

 Elswick, Jonathan: Associated Press

 Epstein, Linda: IIPP, Department of State

 Ernst, Jonathan: Reuters

 Ewen, McKenna: The Washington Post

 Farmer, Sharon: Freelance

 Fertig, Natalie: McClatchy

 Fine, Paul: Fine Films

 Fine, Holly: Fine Films

 Folwell, Frank: Freelance

 Ford, Nancy: IFPO / American International News

 Forrest, James: WRC (retired)

 Forte, BJ: NBC4 WRC-TV

 Foss, Philip: Speed Graphic

 Foster, William: Freelance

 Frame, John: WTTG-TV

 Frame, Kara: NPR

 Frey, Katherine: The Washington Post

 Fridrich, George: Brighter Images Productions LLC

 Friedman, David: Portable Productions

 Gail, Mark: Freelance

 Galdabini, Christian: Fox News Network

 Geissinger, Michael: Freelance

 Gentilo, Richard: Associated Press

 Georges, Salwan: The Washington Post

 Gerberg, Jon: The Washington Post

 Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA (retired)

 Gillis, Elizabeth: NPR

 Goldman, Judy-Anne: (retired)

 Goldman, Mark: Goldmine Photos

 Goodman, Jeffrey: NBC / Freelance

 Gorman, James: Associated Press

 Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today & India Globe / ATN News

 Grace, Arthur: Freelance

 Greenblatt, William: UPI

 Griggs, Kendall: WJLA-TV

 Grile, Sarah: Mesa7Media

 Gripas, Yuri: Reuters

 Grudovich, Daniel: WTTG-TV

 Guzy, Carol: Freelance

 Haefeli, Brian: ABC

 Halstead, Dirck: The Digital Journalist

 Happe, Mackenzie: CNN

 Harbage, Claire: NPR

 Harlan, Rebecca: NPR

 Harley, Tonia: Freelance

 Harnik, Andrew: The Associated Press

 Harrer, Andrew: Bloomberg

 Harrington, John: Freelance

 Harrity, Chick: Whimsy Works

 Heilemann, Tami: Department of Interior

 Hillian, Vanessa: The Washington Post (retired)

 Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV

 Horan, Michael: WTTG-TV

 Huff, Daniel: Associated Press

 Ing, Lance: WTTG-TV

 Ingalls, Bill: NASA e Management

 Jette, Patricia: Freelance

 Johnson, Kenneth: ABC-TV

 Johnston, Frank: The Washington Post

 Jones, Donnamarie: DCTV

[[Page 1022]]

 Jones, Nelson: WTTG-TV

 Joplin, Ashleigh: The Washington Post

 Judge, Michel: NBC News / Comcast

 Kahn, Nikki: Independent Photographer

 Kanicka, Stephen: Fox News Network

 Kapustin, Doug: Freelance

 Kaster, Carolyn: Associated Press

 Katopodis, Anastasios: Freelance

 Katz, Marty: Chesapeake News Service

 Kellman, Ryan: NPR

 Kennerly, David Hume: Eagles Roar Inc.

 Kessler, Calla: Freelance

 Kirkpatrick, TJ : Freelance

 Kittner, Sam: Freelance

 Koppelman, Mitch: Reuters Television

 Koscielniak, Jessica: McClatchy

 Kossoff-Nordby, Leslie: LK Photos

 Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters

 Lamkey, Rod, Jr.: Freelance

 Lanham, Yuko: The Asahi Shimbun

 Larsen, Gregory: Freelance

 Lavies, Bianca: Freelance

 LaVor, Marty: Freelance

 Lawrence, Jeffrey: Freelance

 Leaming, Whitney: The Washington Post

 Lee, Joyce: The Washington Post

 Lenihan, Niall: Australian Broadcasting Corp.

 Lesser, Erik: European Pressphoto Agency

 Levine, Lewis: Costal News Service

 Li, Alice: The Washington Post

 Lo Scalzo, James: EPA

 Loeb, Saul: AFP

 Love, Diane: Tribal Cultures Productions

 Lowman, Wayne: Fox News Channel

 Luna, Nathan: ABC News

 Lynaugh, Mike: Freelance

 Lynch, Patricia: Freelance

 Lyons, Paul: NET (retired)

 MacDonald, Charles: C Mac Fido Productions

 Magana, Jose Luis: Freelance / AP

 Mager, Dickon: Sky News

 Mahaskey, Michael Scott: Politico

 Mallin, Jay: Freelance

 Mara, Melina: The Washington Post

 Marovich, Peter, Jr.: Freelance / Corbis

 Martin, Ben: ITN

 Martin, Gina: National Geographic

 Martin, Jacquelyn: AP

 Martinez Monsivais, Pablo: Associated Press

 Mason, Thomas: WTTG-TV (retired)

 May, Cheriss: Noemay Media Group

 Mazariegos, Mark: CBS News

 Maze, Stephanie: Moonstone Press LLC

 Mazer Field, Joni: Freelance

 Mazzatenta, O. Louis: Freelance

 McCarthy, Edward, III: Hudson Valley Black Press (retired)

 McCarty, Dennis Page: CBS News

 McClain, Matthew: The Washington Post

 McDermott, Richard: NBC

 McDonnell, John: The Washington Post

 McGreevy, Allen: Freelance

 McKiernan, Scott: Zuma Press

 McKinless, Thomas: CQ Roll Call

 McNamee, Win: Getty Images

 McNay, James: Senior editor Kobre guide (retired)

 Mees, John: CTV

 Michael, Nicholas: NPR

 Millis, Leah: Reuters

 Mills, Doug: New York Times

 Mohammed, Eman: Freelance

 Mole, Robert: NBC (retired)

 Moorhead, Jeremy: CNN

 Morones, Michael: The Free Lance Star

 Morris, Larry: The Washington Post (retired)

 Morris, Peter: CNN

 Murphy, Richard: CGTN America

 Murphy, Zoeann: The Washington Post

 Murtaugh, Peter: Murtaugh Productions, LLC

 Natoli, Sharon: freelance

 Newton, Jonathan: The Washington Post

 Nguyen, Phi: US House of Representatives

 Nighswander, Marcia: Ohio University

 Nikpour, Javad: Metropole Photo

 Norling, Richard: Freelance

 O'Connor, Erix: The Washington Post

 O'Leary, William: The Washington Post

 O'Molloy, Colm: Freelance / BBC

 Orenstein, Jayne Winsten: The Washington Post

 Palu, Louie: Zuma Press

 Panzer, Chester: NBC-WRC

 Parcell, James: The Washington Post (retired)

 Partlow, Wayne: Associated Press

 Peterson, Brittany: McClatchy

 Petrilli, Daniel: Fox News Channel

 Petros, Bill: Freelance

 Pinczuk, Murray: Freelance

 Pinczuk, Samuel: Student

 Plowman, William: Freelance

 Polich, John: (retired)

 Pope, Kolin: The Washington Post

 Popper, Andrew: Business Week

 Postovit, David: Hearst Television WNB

 Powell, Lee: The Washington Post

 Ratner, Moriah: Student

 Ribas, Jorge Luis: The Washington Post

 Ribeiro, Luiz: Freelance

 Richardson, Charlotte: Freelance

 Riecken, Astrid: Freelance

 Riley, Molly: Freelance

 Rizzo, Meredith: NPR

 Roberts, Joshua: Freelance

 Robinson, Clyde, Sr.: (retired)

 Roth, Johnie, Jr.: NBC (retired)

 Rothschild, Anna: The Washington Post

[[Page 1023]]

 Russek, Ronald, II: UPI

 Ruwe, Renee Lyn: Hudson Valley News & Entertainment

 Sachs, Ronald: Consolidated News Photos

 Sandys, Toni: The Washington Post

 Sardari, Kaveh: Sardari Group, Inc.

 Savage, Craig: FOX News Channel

 Schaff, Erin: Freelance

 Schneider, Jack: NBC-TV (retired)

 Semansky, Patrick: Associated Press

 Sharp, Duncan: SKY News

 Shefte, Whitney: The Washington Post

 Shelley, Allison: Freelance

 Shepherd, Ray: Defense Media Activity

 Sheras, Michael: Canon USA, Inc. (retired)

 Shlemon, Christopher: Independent TV News

 Sierra, Joann: CNN

 Sikes, Laura: Laura Sikes Photography

 Silbiger, Sarah: Freelance

 Silverberg, James: The Intellectual Property Group, PLLC

 Skeans, Ronald, Jr.: BBC

 Smialowski, Brendan: Freelance

 Smith, Andrew: CGTN America

 Smith, Jason: WTTG-TV

 Smith, Patrick: Getty Images

 Smyth, Christopher: Hearst

 Somodevilla, Kenneth: Getty Images

 Spodak, Cassandra: CNN

 Stein, Norman: (retired)

 Stewart, Charles, Jr.: Hudson Valley Press

 Stoddard, Mark: Freelance

 Stolz, Peter: CGTN America

 Stonington, Joel: AJ+

 Strasser, Franz: BBC News

 Suban, Mark: Freelance

 Sun, Xiaolu: CGTN America

 Swain, Bethany Anne: Educator

 Swenson, Gordon: ABC (retired)

 Sykes, Jack: Harris Corp.

 Taherimoghaddam, Kamran: CGTN America

 Taylor, Daron: The Washington Post

 Thomas, Margaret: (retired), Washington Post

 Thorp, Frank, V: NBC News

 Tolbert, George Dalton, IV: Freelance / U.S. Senate (retired)

 Trippett, Robert: Freelance (retired)

 Uhl, Kim: CNN

 Usher, Chris: Freelance

 Valeri, Charlene: National Geographic

 van Duyne, Marty: Freelance

 Van Houten, Carolyn: The Washington Post

 Viers, Meta: McClatchy

 Vineys, Kevin: Associated Press

 Voisard, Amanda: Freelance

 Voisin, Sarah: The Washington Post

 Voss, Stephen: Freelance

 Vucci, Evan: Associated Press

 Vurnis, Ambrose: NBC News / WRC-TV

 Walker, Diana: Freelance

 Wallace, Elliott: CGTN America

 Wallace, Jim: Smithsonian Institution (retired)

 Walsh, Susan: Associated Press

 Watkins, Duane: Media Links CCTV

 Watrud, Donald: WTTG-TV

 Watson, James: AFP

 Wells, Jonathan: SIPA Press

 Werbeck, Nicole: NPR

 Whitehouse, Ray: Freelance

 Wilkes, Douglas: WTTG-TV

 Williams, Milton: Freelance (retired)

 Williams, Robert: NABET 31

 Williams, Thomas: Roll Call Newspaper

 Williams Babic, Indira: Newseum

 Wilson, Mark: Getty Images

 Wong, Alex: Getty Images

 Woolfolk, Daniel: Sightline Media Group

 Wuls, Jakub: CGTN America

 Young, Jim: Reuters

 Zervos, Stratis: Freelance-Zervos Video Productions, LLC
 

[[Page 1024]]



[[Page 1025]]

                  RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                    SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                  The Capitol, Room S-325, phone 224-6421

                                              Director.--Michael J. 
                                                Mastrian.
                                              Deputy Director.--Ellen 
                                                Eckert.
                                              Senior Media Coordinators: 
                                                Michael Lawrence, Erin 
                                                Yeatman.
                                              Media Coordinators: 
                                                Charles Moxley, Tamara 
                                                Robinson.

                    HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                  The Capitol, Room H-320, phone 225-5214

                                              Director.--Olga Ramirez 
                                                Kornacki.
                                              Deputy Director.--Andy 
                                                Elias.
                                              Senior Media Logistics 
                                                Coordinator.--Kim Oates.
                                              Media Logistics 
                                                Coordinators: Ryan Dahl, 
                                                Kinsey Harvey, Makenna 
                                                Sievertson.

     EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                             Jason Donner, Fox News, 
                                                Chair
                                             Greta Brawner, C-SPAN, Vice 
                                                Chair
                                             Jared Halpern, Fox News 
                                                Radio, Treasurer
                                             Paul Courson, Sinclair 
                                                Broadcasting
                                             Ben Siegel, ABC News
                                             Kelsey Snell, NPR
                                  _______

      RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

     1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of the Senate wing of the Capitol. 
Applicants shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or newsgathering organizations by which 
they are employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, 
if any. Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in 
the prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the Galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information

[[Page 1026]]

to any organization, individual, or group of individuals for the 
influencing of prices on any commodity or stock exchange; that they will 
not do so during the time they retain membership in the Galleries. 
Holders of visitors' cards who may be allowed temporary admission to the 
Galleries must conform to all the restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective Gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     2. It shall be a prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the Radio and Television 
Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant conforms to the foregoing 
regulations.
     3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the Galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and / or reporters of reputable standing in their 
business who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or 
news-gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the Galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
     4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
     5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to 
the privileges of the Galleries.
     6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
     Approved.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                  Roy Blunt,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.



[[Page 1027]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

            RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

 Aaron, John: WTOP Radio

 Abamu, Jenny: WAMU

 Abarca, Gonzalo: Voice of America

 Abbott, Stacey: National Public Radio

 Abdalla, Hebah: German TV (ZDF)

 Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

 Abdalwahab, Yamen: TRT World

 Abdi, Mona: ABC News

 Abdu, Grace: Voice of America

 Abdul-Mateen, Yasin: Fox News

 Abdulrazzaq, Ahmed: Al Jazeera International

 Abe, Takaaki: Nippon TV Network

 Abed, Morad: Al Jazeera International

 Abeshouse, Robert: Al Jazeera English

 Abo-Issa, Abdul Hadi: Al Jazeera English

 Abowd, Paul: Al Jazeera English

 Abrahams, Natalia: NBC News

 Abrams, Chanel: CBN News

 Abtar, Rana: AP-Broadcast

 Abu Diab, Naser: AP-Broadcast

 Abu-Kwaik, Biesan: Al Jazeera International

 Aburahma, Eyad: Al Jazeera International

 Acevedo, Enrique: Univision

 Acevedo, Juan: WFDC-TV Univision

 Acosta, Abilo: CNN

 Adamjee, Zohreen: ABC News

 Adams, Angelyn: Al Arabiya TV

 Adams, Douglas: NBC News

 Adams, Lori: Fox News

 Adeboyejo, Oluwatomike: NBC News

 Adkins, Lenore: Al Arabiya TV

 Adkinson, Nicholas: ABC News

 Adlerblum, Robin: NBC News

 Adly, Jill: CNN

 Adragna, Richard: Fox News

 Adrian, Yaridis: Caracol Radio

 Adridge, Dawin: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Advani, Reena: National Public Radio

 Agnew, Robert: SRN News (Salem)

 Agobian, Faiez: AP-Broadcast

 Agobian Villegas, Jorge: Voice of America

 Agredo Vasquez, Jose: Caracol Television

 Ahmed, Ali: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Ahmed, Amir: CNN

 Ahmed, Aziz: AP-Broadcast

 Ahmed, Faiza: TRT World

 Ahmed, Lukman: BBC

 Ahn, Soyoung: Voice of America

 Ahn, Joo Sik: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Aiello, Augustine: National Public Radio

 Aigner-Treworgy, Adam: CBS News

 Ainsley, Julia: NBC News

 Ajaka, Nadine: Washingtonpost.com

 Ake, Gabrielle: CBS News

 Akey, Zackary: CBS News

 Akhoun, Laura: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Akhtar, Monica: Washingtonpost.com

 Akiyama, Rihoko: TV Tokyo

 Akkad, Reem: Washingtonpost.com

 Aklilu, Simret: CNN

 Akman-Duffy, Timur: National Public Radio

 Alami, Mohammed: Al Jazeera International

 Alarian, Laila: Al Jazeera English

 Alazawi, Mohammed: Al Arabiya TV

 Alba, Carmen: NBC News

 Albano, Thomas: CBS News

 Albert, Christopher: CBS News

 Albert, Mark: Hearst Television Inc.

 Alberter, William: CNN

 Albright, Mary: Washingtonpost.com

 Alcindor, Yamiche: PBS NewsHour

 Aldag, Jason: Washingtonpost.com

 Alderman, Carol: Washingtonpost.com

 Alegret, Gustau: NTN24

 Alesse, Elizabeth: ABC News

 Alexander, Clinton: CBS News

 Alexander, Kenneth: C-SPAN

 Alexander, Peter: NBC News

 Alexander, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

 Alexander, Sophie: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Alfarone, Debra: CBS News

 Alff, Emily: CBS News

 Alfin Johnson, Emily: WAMU

 Alhafiz, Samer: Al Jazeera International

 Alhazeem, Ahmed: Al Jazeera International

 Al Hmoud, Mounira: I24 News

 Ali, Amber: CBS News

 Ali, Ammar: National Public Radio

 Ali, Mohammad: WETA

 Ali, Omar: Sky News Arabia

 Aliakbar, Nihad: Fox News

 Aliakbar, Nihad: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Aljasheme, Mohaimen: Sky News Arabia

 Al Juboori, Haitham: Al Jazeera International

 Alkadiri, Faisal: ABC News

 Al Khirsan, Fatima: Vice News

 Al-Lami, Ziadoon: Berkeley Studios International

 Allard, Fanny: France 24

 Allard, John: ABC News

[[Page 1028]]

 Allbritton, David: CNN

 Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

 Allen, Abigail: CBN News

 Allen, Brian: Voice of America

 Allen, Christopher: Voice of America

 Allen, Ciara: Now This News

 Allen, Darrell: Voice of America

 Allen, Jonathan: NBC News

 Allen, Lisa: Gray Television

 Allen, Vadim: Voice of America

 Allman, Bryan: Fox News

 Allman, Mark: CNN

 Allman, Robert: CBN News

 Allmond, Scott: ABC News

 Alqarni, Ahmed: AP-Broadcast

 Alrajjal, Tala: CNN

 Alrawi, Khaldoun: AP-Broadcast

 Al Rawi, Khalid: Al Arabiya TV

 Alshaer, Sohail: Sky News Arabia

 Alston, Leslie: Deutsche Welle TV

 Alva, Mitchell: ABC News

 Alvarenga, Adan: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Alvarenga, Daniel: Al Jazeera International

 Alvarez, Alayna: Stateline

 Alvarez, Alejandro: News2Share

 Alvarez-Ibarra, Angelica: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Alvey, Jay: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Aly, Noureldin: Feature Story News

 Amaya, Miguel: Voice of America

 Ambriz-Mendez, Elizabeth: CNN

 Ament, Jennifer: Politico.com

 Amin, Ahmad: CBS News

 Amirault-Michel, Theresa: C-SPAN

 Ammerman, Stuart: CBS News

 Amon, Whitney: CNN

 Amon, Whitney: WUSA-TV

 Amos, George: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Anastasi, Patrick: CNBC

 Anderson, Alice: Feature Story News

 Anderson, Kimberly: Fox News

 Anderson, Patrick: Swiss Broadcasting

 Andree, Eric: AP-Broadcast

 Andress, Jeannie: AP-Broadcast

 Aneiva, Roberto: NBC News

 Angeline, Jillian: Gray Television

 Angeloni, Benjamin: Al Jazeera International

 Anglim, John: CNN

 Anopchenko, Dmytro: Inter TV

 Ansell, Anna: Fox News

 Anthony, Tony: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Antoun, Charbel: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Anwar, Sohail: National Public Radio

 Anyse, Alana: CBS News

 Anzur, Matthew: Scripps News

 Ao, Siqiao: Voice of America

 Applegate, Van: WTTG-Fox Television

 Arabasadi, Arash: Voice of America

 Arai, Masaki: NHK

 Aral, Drew: NHK

 Arbogast, Vincent: Fox News

 Ardono, Herdiyanto: Voice of America

 Arena, Bruno: AP-Broadcast

 Arenas, William: The Real News Network

 Arensberg, Chloe: NBC News

 Argueta Colina, Alvaro: Hispanic Communications Network

 Argyri, Eleni: Hellenic Public TV

 Aridi, Sal: NBC News

 Arke, Raymond: CNN

 Arkhipov, Viacheslav: Channel One Russian TV

 Armstrong, Patricia: NBC News

 Armstrong, Thomas: ABC News

 Arnholz, John: ABC News

 Arnold, Jessica: WUSA-TV

 Arnold, Noah: One America

 Arnum, Gerard: FedNet

 Aronson, David: NBC News

 Aronson, Victoria: PBS NewsHour

 Arrieta, Rolando: National Public Radio

 Arroyo, Raymond: EWTN

 Arroyo Valles, Lorena: Univision

 Art, Jeremiah: C-SPAN

 Arter, Melanie: Cnsnews.com

 Artesona, Eva: BBC

 Arthur-Asmah, Ama: WTTG-Fox Television

 Aryankalavil, Babu: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Arzoumanov, Abigail: CNN

 Asaad, Ahmad: Al Jazeera International

 Asberg, Stefan: Swedish Broadcasting

 Ash, Audrey: CNN

 Asmael, Hussein: Berkeley Studios International

 Atalaya, Amandine: TF1-French TV

 Atchison, Tyler: One America

 Atkins, Chloe: NBC News

 Atkins, Kimberly: WBUR

 Attkisson, Sharyl: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Atwood, Kylie: CNN

 Augenstein, Neal: WTOP Radio

 Aulenkamp, Jan: German TV (ARD)

 Ault, Trevor: ABC News

 Auresto, John: AP-Broadcast

 Austermuhle, Martin: WAMU

 Austin, Alana: Gray Television

 Austin, Gail: National Public Radio

 Austin, Jason: Fox News Radio

 Austin, Jonathan: CTV Canadian TV

 Austin, Kenneth: NBC News

 Austin, Tiane: CNN

 Avner, Philip: AP-Broadcast

 Avrutine, Matthew: CNN

 Awada, Adam: Sky News Arabia

 Ayala, Jorge: Telesur

 Ayats, Guillem: TV3-Televisio de Catalunya

 Ayaz, Faruk: TRT

[[Page 1029]]

 Ayhan, Sally: TRT World

 Ayoub, Betty: Voice of America

 Azais, Jean-Pascal: Swiss Broadcasting

 Aziz, Khawar: Fox News

 Baber, Qazafi: Voice of America

 Baca, Nathan: WUSA-TV

 Bacallao, Alexandra: NBC News

 Bagnall, Thomas: Voice of America

 Baharaeen, Renee: CNN

 Baier, William: Fox News

 Bailey, Blayne: NBC Newschannel

 Bailey, Jordan: NBC News

 Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

 Bainer, Rebecca: Hearst Television Inc.

 Baker, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

 Baker, Leslie: Fox News

 Baker, Sarah: NBC News

 Balderas Iglesias, Veronica: Voice of America

 Baldwin, Travis Renee: ABC News

 Baldwin III, Robert: National Public Radio

 Balinovic, Daniel: Reuters Radio & TV

 Ball, George: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Ball, Krystal: The Hill

 Ballard, Hitomi: NHK

 Ballou, Jeff: Al Jazeera English

 Balot, Andrew: Spectrum News

 Baltimore, Dennis: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Banks, Joshua: Fox News

 Banks, Laquasha: CBS News

 Banks, Mark: ABC News

 Banks, Morris: CBS News

 Bannigan, Michael: Fox Business Network

 Bannister, Craig: Cnsnews.com

 Baragona, Steve: Voice of America

 Baratta, Christine: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Barber, Ellison: Fox News

 Barber, Timothy: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Barghouty, Phoebe: Al Jazeera International

 Barillas, Mariana: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Barker, Edward: AP-Broadcast

 Barker, Timothy: Vice News

 Barker-Singh, Serena: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Barnard, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

 Barnes, Daniel: NBC News

 Barnes, David: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Barnett, Errol: CBS News

 Barondess, Rose: NBC News

 Barr, Alice: NBC Newschannel

 Barr, Bryan: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Barr, Luke: ABC News

 Barrett, Barbara: Stateline

 Barrett, Calvin: Fox News

 Barrett, Edward: CNN

 Barringer, Reginald: CBS News

 Barros, Aline: Voice of America

 Barss, Kyle: Washingtonpost.com

 Barthel, Margaret: WAMU

 Bartiromo, Maria: Fox Business Network

 Bartlam, Tyler: C-SPAN

 Barua, Satarupa: Voice of America

 Basch, Michelle: WTOP Radio

 Bash, Dana: CNN

 Bash, David: WETA

 Basinger, Stuart: Fox News

 Baskin, Morgan: Vice News

 Bates, Jeffrey: WETA

 Batten, Rodney: NBC News

 Battistella, Marilisa: CBS News

 Bauer, Matthew: NBC News

 Baumel, Susan: Voyage Productions

 Baumel-Lamonica, Ely: Voyage Productions

 Bautista, Mark: CBN News

 Bautista, Veronica: CNN

 Baynard, Robert: Now This News

 Bays, James: Al Jazeera English

 Beahn, James: WTTG-Fox Television

 Beal, Robin: Fox News

 Bearne, Adam: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Beattie, Sam: BBC

 Beck, Tomoko: Nippon TV Network

 Becker, Bruce: Fox Business Network

 Becker, Christopher: Fox News

 Becker, Farrel: CBS News

 Becker, Frank: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Beckett, Paul: Wall Street Journal

 Beckner, Steven: National Public Radio

 Beesch, Courtney: C-SPAN

 Behnam, Babak: Vice News

 Behnke, Camille: NBC News

 Behrmann, Savannah: CNN

 Beigarten, Stacey: C-SPAN

 Bejarano, Mark: National Public Radio

 Belanger, Jean-Francois: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Belgraver, Jet: Al Jazeera English

 Belha, Nickouszha: Small House Productions

 Belhadj, Salima: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Bell, Bradley: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Bell, Kennedey: ABC News

 Belton, Jasmine: NBC News

 Belton, Jordan: NBC News

 Bena, John: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Bendeck, Michael: Al Jazeera International

 Bender, Jason: C-SPAN

 Benetato, Michael: NBC News

 Benezra, Shani: CBS News

 Benincasa, Robert: National Public Radio

 Bennett, Abbie: Connecting Vets

 Bennett, Dalton: Washingtonpost.com

 Bennett, Geoffrey: NBC News

 Bennett, Justin: NBC News

 Bennett, Kate: CNN

 Bennett, Shepard: SRN News (Salem)

 Bennewitz, Alexa: CNN

[[Page 1030]]

 Bensen, Jackie: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Benson, James: CBS News

 Bentwila, Kalyl: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Bentz, Leslie: CNN

 Berdiel, Daniel: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Berg, Rebecca: CNN

 Bergal, Jenni: Stateline

 Berger, Catherine: Al Jazeera English

 Berger, Judson: Fox News

 Berger Fox, Deborah: CNN

 Bergfeldt, Barbro Carina: Swedish Broadcasting

 Berman, Daniel: CNN

 Bernal, Maria: CNN

 Bernardini, Laura: CNN

 Bernice, Emily: National Public Radio

 Bernknopf, David: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Bernstein, Howard: WUSA-TV

 Bernstein, Leandra: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Berrai, Hanane: Al Jazeera International

 Berry, Christopher: National Public Radio

 Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

 Bevington, Ben: BBC

 Bey, Maher: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Beyer, Kenneth: GPI TV

 Beyer, William: WTTG-Fox Television

 Bharania, Anoopam: Reuters Radio & TV

 Bhatti, Ahad: Al Jazeera English

 Bica Vieira Guerreiro, Ricardo: RTP Portuguese Public Television

 Bidar, Musadiq: CBS News

 Biddle, Kristina: Fox News

 Biello, Mark: CNN

 Bikkers, Remco: Dutch TV & Radio (NOS)

 Billings, Ashley: CNN

 Bills, Lindzie: CNN

 Bintrim, Tim: WETA

 Bird, Lauren: WTTG-Fox Television

 Bishop, Benjamin: Vice News

 Biskupic, Joan: CNN

 Black, Phillip: ABC News

 Blackman, Jay: NBC News

 Blackman, John: NBC News

 Blackwill, Sarah: NBC News

 Blaine, Adrienne: Al Jazeera International

 Blair, Adam: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Blakey, Leona: C-SPAN

 Blakley, Kevin: CNN

 Blanchard, David: National Public Radio

 Blanchard, Lauren: Fox News

 Blanco, Hugo: AP-Broadcast

 Bleiker, Carla: Deutsche Welle TV

 Blitzer, Wolf: CNN

 Block, Eliana: WUSA-TV

 Block, Melissa: National Public Radio

 Bloom, Daniel: Scripps News

 Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

 Blum-Dostie, Jacqueline: AP-Broadcast

 Boag, Keith: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Boazman, Simon: Al Jazeera English

 Bobadilla-Marino, Anna: CBS News

 Boccagno, Julia: CBS News

 Bodlander, Gerald: Westwood One

 Bodnar, John: CNN

 Boesche, Jan: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Bogan, Raymond: Fox News

 Boglind, Kajsa: Swedish Broadcasting

 Bohannon, Joseph: NBC News

 Bohn, Kevin: CNN

 Bolden, Bailey: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Bolf, Daniele: WPLG-TV10

 Bolling, Eric: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Bond, Larry: Voice of America

 Bonewald, Jason: Fox News Radio

 Boney, Stephen: Imagination Media

 Bonin, Richard: CBS News

 Booker, Brakkton: National Public Radio

 Booker, Cory: NBC News

 Borak, Donna: CNN

 Borger, Gloria: CNN

 Borland, Karen: Fox News

 Bos, Emiliano: Swiss Broadcasting

 Bost, Mark: WUSA-TV

 Boston, Tyrone: CNN

 Boughton, Bryan: Fox News

 Bourar, Hicham: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Bourogaa, Lamia: Al Jazeera International

 Bouvier-Auclair, Raphael: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Bowen, Timothy: WETA

 Bowman, Michael: Voice of America

 Boyd, Patrick: National Public Radio

 Boyd, Sophia: National Public Radio

 Boyle, Molly: EWTN

 Bozek, Walter: CBN News

 Bradford, Janece: NBC News

 Bradner, Eric: CNN

 Brady, Marianna: BBC

 Bragale, Charles: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Brain, Jonathan: TRT World

 Branch, Natasha: National Public Radio

 Brand, Katrin: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Brand, Natalie: CBS News

 Brandkamp, Jonathan: Voice of America

 Brandus, Paul: West Wing Reports

 Brangham, William: PBS NewsHour

 Brannon, Timothy: Voice of America

 Bransford, Neill: Fox News

 Brantley-Jones, Kiara: CNN

 Brashear, Graelyn: Al Jazeera International

 Braun, Joshua: CNN

 Brawner, Donald: WETA

 Brawner, Greta: C-SPAN

[[Page 1031]]

 Bream, Shannon: Fox News

 Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

 Brennan, Margaret: CBS News

 Bretschneider, John: Sightline Media Group

 Breuner, Bonnie: One America

 Breuninger, Kevin: CNBC

 Brewer, Carl: Spectrum News

 Brewer, Georgina: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Brewster, Adam: CBS News

 Brickhouse, Ayana: Al Jazeera English

 Brieger, Annette: German TV (ZDF)

 Bright, Whitney: CBS News

 Britch, Raymond: CNN

 Brock, Robert: Reuters Radio & TV

 Broder, Noah: CNN

 Brody, David: CBN News

 Broffman, Craig: AP-Broadcast

 Broleman, Michael: NBC Newschannel

 Bronstein, Scott: CNN

 Bronston, Sally: NBC News

 Brooke, Sarah: NBC News

 Brooks, David: CNN

 Brooks, Kurt: WUSA-TV

 Broom, William: WUSA-TV

 Browder, Jenna: CBN News

 Brower, Brooke: CNN

 Brown, Ashley: National Public Radio

 Brown, Beth: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Brown, Donald: C-SPAN

 Brown, Elizabeth: ABC News

 Brown, Elizabeth: Al Jazeera English

 Brown, Erica: CBS News

 Brown, James: ABC News

 Brown, Kenneth: Verizon

 Brown, Kimberly: CBS News

 Brown, Kristin: Fox News

 Brown, Lauretta: EWTN

 Brown, Malcolm: Feature Story News

 Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

 Brown, Tracy: AP-Broadcast

 Brown, Zachary: Washingtonpost.com

 Browne, Ryan: CNN

 Browning, Robert: C-SPAN

 Bruce, Mary: ABC News

 Bruce, Susan: EWTN

 Bruggeman, Lucien: ABC News

 Brumfiel, Geoffrey: National Public Radio

 Bruns, David: Washingtonpost.com

 Brusk, Steven: CNN

 Brust, Amelia: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Bryan, Ellen: WUSA-TV

 Bryant, Aubrey: WUSA-TV

 Bryant, Nicholas: BBC

 Bua, Jon-Christopher: Talk Media News

 Buble, Courtney: NBC News

 Buchholz, Jenny: Fox News

 Buck, Kenneth: C-SPAN

 Buckenmaier, Claudia: German TV (ARD)

 Buckhorn, Burke: CNN

 Buckler, Christopher: BBC

 Buckley, Daniel: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Buddenhagen, Kristina: C-SPAN

 Buenten, Verena: German TV (ARD)

 Bugash, Eric: GPI TV

 Bullard, John: ABC News

 Bullard Harmon, Susan: CBS News

 Bullock, Peter: Reuters Radio & TV

 Bullock, Tiffany: CNN

 Bun, Agnes: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Bundock, Susan: C-SPAN

 Bundy, Austen: CNN

 Bunson, Matthew: EWTN

 Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

 Burgard, Jan Philipp: German TV (ARD)

 Burger, Todd: EWTN

 Burgess, David: CNN

 Burk, Penny: NBC News

 Burke, Kathleen: EWTN

 Burke, Michael: Voice of America

 Burkett-Hall, Jesse: WUSA-TV

 Burkett-Hall, Lorenzo: WUSA-TV

 Burles, Jason: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Burlij, Terence: CNN

 Burman, Blake: Fox Business Network

 Burns, Mary: Cox Broadcasting

 Burton, Matthew: ABC News

 Bush, Daniel: PBS NewsHour

 Butler, James: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Butler, Norman: NBC News

 Buttler, Martina: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Butts, Keshia: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Byers, Jennifer: Al Jazeera International

 Byrd, Crystal: Al Jazeera English

 Byrd, Haley: CNN

 Byrnes, Dennis: National Public Radio

 Cabral Pichardo, Juan: CNN

 Cadigan, William: CNN

 Cahill, Kathy: C-SPAN

 Caifa, Karin: CNN

 Cala, Ivonne: National Public Radio

 Calcaterra, James: Blaze Media

 Caldwell, Leigh Ann: NBC News

 Caldwell-Rafferty, Noah: National Public Radio

 Calfat, Marcel: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Callahan, Michael: CNN

 Calo-Christianson, Nancy: C-SPAN

 Calvi, Jason: EWTN

 Camah, Malik: Al Jazeera English

 Camarda, Timothy: CBS News

 Campbell, Elizabeth: CBS News

 Campbell, Evan: CQ / Roll Call

 Canalichio, Timothy: NBC News

[[Page 1032]]

 Candia, Kirsten: German TV (ZDF)

 Cannon, Catherine: CBS News

 Caperton, Katherine: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Capion, Toby: EWTN

 Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

 Capra, Anthony: NBC News

 Capucci, Michael: Eye-To-Eye Video

 Cardno, Christopher: EWTN

 Caren, Allison: Washingtonpost.com

 Carey, Julie: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Carlson, Brett: Global TV Canada

 Carlson, Frank: PBS NewsHour

 Carlson, Tucker: Fox News

 Carmean, Kyle: WTTG-Fox Television

 Carney, Keith: FedNet

 Carpeaux, Emily: PBS NewsHour

 Carr, Evan: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Carr, Martin: WETA

 Carrero Alvarez, Ney: Al Jazeera International

 Carrick, Kenneth: C-SPAN

 Carroll, Joshua: Washingtonpost.com

 Carson, Cheryl: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Carson, Christopher: FedNet

 Carswell, Diana: ABC News

 Carter, Catherine: CNN

 Carter, David: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Carter, Walter, Jr.: Fox News

 Carvajal, Nicole: CNN

 Casas, Angelica: BBC

 Casenco, Anatolie: Voice of America

 Casey, Elizabeth: Washingtonpost.com

 Casey, Sean: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Cassano, Joseph: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Castiel, Carol: Voice of America

 Castillejo Carrasco, Esther: ABC News

 Castro, Pablo: Hispanic Communications Network

 Castro Jaramillo, William: Al Jazeera English

 Cathey, Elizabeth: ABC News

 Catrett, David: CNN

 Causey, Mike: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Cecchini, Reginald: Global TV Canada

 Chacon, Brian: Al Jazeera English

 Chadbourn, Margaret: Spectrum News

 Chadha-Kaye, Stephanie: C-SPAN

 Chakraborty, Barnini: Fox News

 Chalian, David: CNN

 Chamberlain, Richard: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Chan, Enoch: WETA

 Chance, Bradleigh: NBC News

 Chandler, Alexander: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Chang, Ailsa: National Public Radio

 Chang, Ching-Yi: AP-Broadcast

 Chang, Darzen: WETA

 Chantrait, Marie: TF1-French TV

 Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Chapman, Michael: Cnsnews.com

 Charles, Daniel: National Public Radio

 Charley, Peter: Al Jazeera English

 Charlip, Louis: Fox News

 Charters, Nadia: Al Arabiya TV

 Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

 Chase, Spencer: Agri-Pulse

 Chatelain, Gabrielle: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Chatterjee, Ryan: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Chaytor, David: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Chekuru, Kavitha: Al Jazeera English

 Chen, Chieh-Yuan: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Chen, Han: Radio Free Asia

 Chen, Joie: Medill News Service

 Chen, Lingnan: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Chen, Nancy: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Chen, Natasha: CNN

 Chen, Yi Qiu: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Chen, Zheng: Shenzhen Media Group (SZMG)

 Chenevey, Stephen: WTTG-Fox Television

 Cheng, Tsung-Shen: Radio Free Asia

 Cherneff, Elizabeth: Voice of America

 Cherouny, Robert: German TV (ARD)

 Cherrie, Sarah: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Cherry, Jayk: WAMU

 Cheslow, Daniella: WAMU

 Chevez, Carlos: National Public Radio

 Chour, David: National Public Radio

 Chick, Jane: CBS News

 Childs, Lete: CBS News

 Chipak, John: EWTN

 Chirinos Vasquez, Carlos: Univision

 Cho, Aimee: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Cho, Hans: Voice of America

 Choe, Jaywon: PBS NewsHour

 Choi, Hannah: JTBC

 Chopra, Namita: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Choto, Raymond: Voice of America

 Chowdhury, Sarmat: FedNet

 Chrea, Vanrith: Radio Free Asia

 Christ, Jacqueline: Fox News

 Christman, Andrew: CNN

 Chuku, Onyinyechi: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Chung, E-Ting: Voice of America

 Chunko, April: Hearst Television Inc.

 Ciammachilli, Esther: WAMU

 Cilesizoglu, Ali: TRT

 Cima, Roseann: Scripps News

 Cinque, Vicente: TV Globo International

 Cione, Ciara: NBC News

 Ciridon, Robert: NBC News

 Cirilli, Kevin: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Ciuffetelli, Gabriella: Fox News

[[Page 1033]]

 Claar, Matthew: C-SPAN

 Clancy, Julia: NBC News

 Clancy, Kevin: Scripps News

 Clarenne, Gilles: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Clark, James: C-SPAN

 Clarke, Casey: Fox News

 Clarke, John: Feature Story News

 Clary, Gregory: CNN

 Claudet, Marie: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Clemons, Bobby: CNN

 Clifford, Jordan: One America

 Cloherty, Megan: WTOP Radio

 Clottey, Peter: Voice of America

 Clugston, Gregory: SRN News (Salem)

 Coates, Avron: CNN

 Cobb, Benjamin: Scripps News

 Cochran, Carrie: Scripps News

 Cockerham, Richard: Fox News

 Cockey, William: WTTG-Fox Television

 Coffee, Mel: Capital News Service TV-U of MD

 Coffin, Cori: WTTG-Fox Television

 Cofske, Harvey: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Cohen, Marshall: CNN

 Cohen, Zachary: CNN

 Cohencious, Robert: Native American TV (NATV)

 Coil, Holley: Nexstar Media Group

 Coker, Edward: WTTG-Fox Television

 Cole, Bryan: Fox News

 Colella, Anthony: WTTG-Fox Television

 Coleman, Thomas: NBC News

 Coleman, Youman: CNN

 Coleman, Zachary: National Public Radio

 Coles, David: PBS NewsHour

 Coley, Adam: The Real News Network

 Colimore, Eric: Fox News

 Collette, Matthew: Washingtonpost.com

 Collins, Bruce: C-SPAN

 Collins, Kaitlan: CNN

 Collins, Maxine: BBC

 Collins, Michael: C-SPAN

 Collins, Patrick: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Collinson, Stephen: CNN

 Colombo-Abdullah, Andrea: AP-Broadcast

 Colonna, Micaela: NBC News

 Colt, Jasper: USA Today

 Colvin, Rhonda: Washingtonpost.com

 Conant, Caitlin: CBS News

 Concaugh, Joseph, Jr.: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Conciatori, Tess: PBS NewsHour

 Condon, Edward: EWTN

 Coney, Carol: CBS News

 Conlin, Sheila: NBC Newschannel

 Connelly, Phoebe: Washingtonpost.com

 Conner, Eric: CBS News

 Conrad, Jacob: National Public Radio

 Conte, Michael: CNN

 Contreras, Glenda: Telemundo Network

 Contreras, Gustavo: National Public Radio

 Contreras, Jorge: Univision

 Contreras, Marvin: WFDC-TV Univision

 Cook, James: C-SPAN

 Cook, Jeffery: ABC News

 Cook, Joseph: NBC News

 Cook, Samuel: WUSA-TV

 Cook, Sara: CBS News

 Coomarasamy, James: BBC

 Coon, Janice: WUSA-TV

 Coonce, Stephen: Al Jazeera English

 Cooney, Daniel: PBS NewsHour

 Cooper, Kyle: WTOP Radio

 Cooper, Nero, Jr.: NBC News

 Copeland, Natasha: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Coppin, Stephen: CNN

 Cordes, Nancy: CBS News

 Corke, Kevin: Fox News

 Cornejo Castelforte, Andrea: Washingtonpost.com

 Corner, Howard: C-SPAN

 Cornish Emery, Audie: National Public Radio

 Corpet, Anne: Radio France Internationale

 Correa, Lina: Voice of America

 Correa, Pedro: Telemundo Network

 Corripio, Michael: Al Jazeera English

 Cortes, Gerard: Caracol Television

 Cortes, William: Telemundo Network

 Costa, Christian: Fox News

 Costantini, Robert: Westwood One

 Costello, Thomas: NBC News

 Cote, Timothy: NBC News

 Cotterill, Rebecca: Sky News

 Couger, Charles: Fox News

 Coughlan, Victoria: CBS News

 Courson, Paul: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Courtney, Eric: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Cousins, Bria: CNBC

 Couture, Denise: WAMU

 Cox, Jerry: This Is America With Dennis Wholey

 Cozzolino, Ashley: Fox News

 Craca, Thomas: NBC News

 Craft, Carl: National Public Radio

 Craig, John: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Craig, William: National Public Radio

 Crane, Stephen: Cronkite News Service

 Crawford, James: CNN

 Crawford, Robert: CBS News

 Crawford, Shannon: ABC News

 Crawford, Woody: Voice of America

 Criales, Ricardo: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Cridland, Jeffrey: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Crim, Lorraine: Fox News

 Crisafulli, Melanie: WTTG-Fox Television

 Crocker, Octavia: Hearst Television Inc.

[[Page 1034]]

 Crombe, Laura: CBN News

 Crosby, Kevin: Hearst Television Inc.

 Crosdale, Natalia: CNN

 Cross, Christopher: CNN

 Crowther, Philip: AP-Broadcast

 Crum, John: CBS News

 Crupi, Nicolas: Voice of America

 Crutchfield, Curtis: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Cruz, Abigail: ABC News

 Csapo, Jonathan: BBC

 Cucchiara, Natalie: NBC News

 Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

 Cuesta-Roca, Carmen: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Cui, Han: Sinovision

 Culhane, Patricia: Al Jazeera English

 Cullen, Michael: National Public Radio

 Cullen, Ryan: NBC News

 Cullinan, Charlotte: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Culver, David: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Cumber, Erika: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Cunanan, Rene: NBC News

 Cunha, John: CNN

 Cunningham, Megan: ABC News

 Cuozzo, Rebecca: Fox News

 Curiel, Claudia: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

 Curry, Jessica: Fox News

 Curtis, Alexander: C-SPAN

 Curtis, Jodie: Fox News

 Cusson, Zachary: Scripps News

 Cutler-Mason, Anne: WTTG-Fox Television

 Czaplinski, Michael: National Public Radio

 Czys, Janet: National Public Radio

 Czzowitz, Gregory: C-SPAN

 Daborowski, Karen: Gray Television

 Dakin, Carla: NBC News

 Dale, Daniel: CNN

 Dale, Jordan: The Hill

 Daley, James: The Real News Network

 Dalgetty, Audrey: ABC News

 Dalton, Benjamin: TV Tokyo

 Daly, John: CBS News

 Danahar, Paul: BBC

 Daniel, Zoe: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Danielian, Edward: Fox Business Network

 Daniels, Donnell: ABC News

 Daniels, Eugene: Politico.com

 Daniels, Peter: C-SPAN

 Dann, Caroline: NBC News

 Dao, Thao: Vietv Network

 Dargakis, Minas: Voice of America

 Daschle, Kelly: AP-Broadcast

 Dashevsky, Arik: Fox News

 Datcher, Phillip: Voice of America

 Date, Ajinkya: ABC News

 Datil, Ariane: WUSA-TV

 Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

 Daugherty, Jeffery: Voice of America

 Davalos Macdonald, Anna: NBC Newschannel

 Dave, Jagruti: Feature Story News

 Davey, Mark: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Davis, Anthony: C-SPAN

 Davis, Jackson: Now This News

 Davis, Ray: NBC Newschannel

 Davis, Susan: National Public Radio

 Davis, Tiffani: Vice News

 Davydov, Denis: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

 Dawood, Mohammed: APTVS-American Press & TV Services

 Dawson, Wendy: Fox News

 Day, Kara: CNN

 Deahl, Jessica: National Public Radio

 Deal, Larry: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Dean, Sarah: NBC News

 Dean Rutherford, Jessica: CNN

 De Chagas, Bridget: National Public Radio

 Decker, Jonathan: Fox News Radio

 Dede, Mehmet: Al Jazeera International

 De Diego, Javier: CNN

 De Franceschi, Jela: Voice of America

 Defrank, Debra: Fox News

 Dejene, Abinet: ABC News

 De La Cuetara, Ines: ABC News

 Del Aguila, Andres: Fox News

 Delany, Kevin: Westwood One

 Delawala, Imtiyaz: ABC News

 D'elia, Alexandra: PBS NewsHour

 Del Pino, Javier: Cadena Ser

 Delshad, Carmel: WAMU

 Del Toro, Natasha: Al Jazeera English

 Deluca, Joan: Voice of America

 De Luce, Daniel: NBC News

 Del Vado Chicharro, Marta: Cadena Ser

 Demarco, Nicole: Washingtonpost.com

 Demaria, Edward: NBC News

 Demark, Michael: Fox News

 Demas, William: ABC News

 Demilio, Paul: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Demoss, Gary: CBS News

 Dennert, Mary Pat: Fox News

 Densmore, Steven: Voice of America

 Depenbrock, Julie: WAMU

 De Poilloue De Saint Perier, Charles: Groupe TVA

 Dermody, Kevin: Nexstar Media Group

 Derose, Adam: The Hill

 Derrien, Mathieu: TF1-French TV

 De Schaetzen, Emilie: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Desjardins, Lisa: PBS NewsHour

 Desta, Benyam: C-SPAN

 Detrow, Scott: National Public Radio

 De Vasconcelos Albino Da Silva, Joao: RTP Portuguese Public Television

 De Vogue, Ariane: CNN

 De Vries, Marieke: Dutch TV & Radio (NOS)

[[Page 1035]]

 Dezell, Maureen: Washington Bureau News Service

 Dezenski, Lauren: CNN

 Dhonden, Passang: Radio Free Asia

 Dhue, Stephanie: CNBC

 Dhuy, Hans: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

 Dia, Abdourahmane: Voice of America

 Diamond, Jeremy: CNN

 Diantonio, Nicole: WUSA-TV

 Diao, Alexis: Washingtonpost.com

 Diaz, Daniella: CNN

 Diaz, Juan Carlos: Small House Productions

 Diaz Morales, Aixa: Hearst Television Inc.

 Dibartolo, Danielle: Fox News

 Dibella, Richard: Fox News

 Dickyi, Tenzin: Radio Free Asia

 Difonzo, Thomas: Wall Street Journal

 Diggs, Bridget: C-SPAN

 Diieguts, Daria: Voice of America

 Dilanian, Kenneth: NBC News

 Dill, Daniel: C-SPAN

 Dillard, Juanita: ABC News

 Dipaola, Marcus: Dailymail.com

 Dipietro, Annamaria: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Diss, Kathryn: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Dixon, Jarmel: C-SPAN

 Dixson, Charles: CBS News

 Doan, Laura: CBS News

 Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Dobal, Michael: NBC Newschannel

 Dockett, Sakina: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Doernen, Daniel: German TV (ARD)

 Doherty, Brian: Fox News

 Doherty, Peter: ABC News

 Doherty, Susan: Scripps News

 Dohr-Grill, Karin: German TV (ARD)

 Doi, Kazuo: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Dolce, Stephen: CNN

 Dolma, Nordhey: Radio Free Asia

 Domen, John: WTOP Radio

 Dominick, Katherine: CBS News

 Donahue, Edward: AP-Broadcast

 Donald, William: Eye-To-Eye Video

 Donato, Christopher: ABC News

 Donevan, Connor: National Public Radio

 Donner, Jason: Fox News

 Donovan, Lionel: TRT World

 Donovan, Maria: Fox News Radio

 Donzel, Thomas: France 2 Television

 Doocy, Peter: Fox News

 Doody, Sean: C-SPAN

 Dooms, Roberta: WUSA-TV

 Dore, Margaret: CBS News

 Dorf-Dolce, Heather: German TV (ARD)

 Dorsey, Steven: CBS News

 Dossantos, Christopher: CNN

 Doty, Mitchell: Al Jazeera English

 Dougherty, David: Al Jazeera International

 Dougherty, Paul: ABC News

 Dove, Nicholas: Al Jazeera English

 Dowdell, Kristofer: Fox News

 Dowhaluk, Sonya: CNN

 Doyle, John: C-SPAN

 Drabo, Aboubacar: National Public Radio

 Dragsted, Stine: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

 Dreher, Sydni: PBS NewsHour

 Drennen, Kevin: ABC News

 Drewenskus, Alex: National Public Radio

 Dridi, Sonia: AP-Broadcast

 Dries, William: CBS News

 Drimmer, Ilana: NBC News

 Drory, Sarah: NBC News

 Druce, Ian: BBC

 Druker, Bonnie: CNN

 Drummond, Mallory: C-SPAN

 Du, Haipeng: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Duarte, Alfredo: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Duarte, Alina: Telesur

 Dubinin, Sergii: Inter TV

 Dubose, Michael: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Dubose, Kadesh: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Dubose, Michael: EWTN

 Duchardt, Kilmeny: TRT World

 Duckham, Justin: Talk Media News

 Dudar, Hasan: TRT World

 Duffy, Cecilia: Fox News

 Duffy, Conor: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Dugan, William: CTV Canadian TV

 Duggeli, Peter: Swiss Broadcasting

 Dukakis, Alexandra: ABC News

 Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

 Duncombe, Lyndsay: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Dunlop, William: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Dunn, Lisa: WAMU

 Dupree, James: Cox Broadcasting

 Durak, Kadir: TRT World

 Durham, Deborah: Univision

 Durkin, John: Cheddar

 Dutcher, Mizumi: Fuji TV Japan

 Duwaji, Omar: Al Jazeera International

 Dwyer, Devin: ABC News

 Dwyer-Shapiro, Lisa: AP-Broadcast

 Dyer, Lois: CBS News

 Dziarkach, Andrei: Voice of America

 Eastham, James: NBC News

 Eastin, Yi-Pei: C-SPAN

 Ebbs, Stephanie: ABC News

 Ebel, Thomas: CNN

 Ebersohl, Kevin: WTTG-Fox Television

 Ebrahimi, Mehrnoosh: BBC

 Echevarria, Pedro: C-SPAN

 Echols, Jerry: Fox News

 Eck, Christina: German Press Agency

[[Page 1036]]

 Eckardt, Julia: Blaze Media

 Edem, Ariel: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

 Eder, Teresa: German TV (ZDF)

 Edmondson, William: Fox News

 Edson, Richard: Fox News

 Edwards, Brian: CBN News

 Edwards, Christopher: EWTN

 Edwards, Courtney: CNN

 Edwards, Destry: Blaze Media

 Edwards, Windsor: National Public Radio

 Egan, Lauren: NBC News

 Einarsen, Jonathan: NBC Newschannel

 Eiras, Arlene: Reuters Radio & TV

 Eizeldin, Sam: APTVS-American Press & TV Services

 Ejedepang-Koge, Nkwenten: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Ejiochi, Azubuike: WTTG-Fox Television

 Elahmed, Mouhamed: Al Jazeera International

 Elamrani, Abdelmounim: Al Jazeera English

 Elfers, Stephen: USA Today

 Elgazar, Hosny: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Elgin, John: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Elhag, Areig: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Elias, Jonathan: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Elizondo, Gabriel: Al Jazeera English

 Elker, Jonathan: Washingtonpost.com

 Elkhalili, Sari: Al Jazeera International

 El-Khamissi, Elian: APTVS-American Press & TV Services

 Elkomi, Dalia: AP-Broadcast

 Ellard, Nancy: NBC Newschannel

 Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

 Ellingham, Morgan: NBC News

 Ellis, Nicole: Washingtonpost.com

 Elrashidi, Adam: Scripps News

 El Sabawi, Yasmine: TRT World

 Elving, Ronald: National Public Radio

 Elvington, Daniel Glenn: ABC News

 Emanuel, Michael: Fox News

 Enders, David: TRT World

 Engel, Mariam: Al Jazeera English

 Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

 English, Elizebeth: CNN

 Enjeti, Saagar: The Hill

 Ensign, Ernie: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Epstein, Steven: CBS News

 Erbe-Leckar, Bonnie: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

 Erdogan, Abdulmuttalip: TRT World

 Erickson, Bo: CBS News

 Ernst, Manuel: German TV (ARD)

 Escobedo, Richard: CBS News

 Esfahani, Lara: German TV (ZDF)

 Eskalis, Ryan: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Esquivel, Patricia: C-SPAN

 Essamuah, Zinhle: Now This News

 Estes, Diane: PBS NewsHour

 Estrada, Rodolfo: AP-Broadcast

 Estulin, Shayna: I24 News

 Eubanks, Olivia: ABC News

 Eustace, Colin: One America

 Eustis, Robert: ABC News

 Eversden, Andrew: CBS News

 Ewall-Wice, Sarah: CBS News

 Ewart, Esther: Voice of America

 Ewen, McKenna: CNN

 Fabian, Geoffrey: Voice of America

 Fabian, Kathleen: Al Jazeera English

 Fabic, Gregory: C-SPAN

 Facchinei, Bianca: Scripps News

 Fahey, Mark: Scripps News

 Fahs, Mohamed: Al Jazeera International

 Faison, Alfred: EWTN

 Fakhry Khane, Ghida: TRT World

 Falls, John: CBS News

 Fancy, Stephen: ABC News

 Fantacone, John: CBS News

 Fantis, Patricia: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Farkas, Daniel: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

 Farmer, Robert: CNN

 Farooq, Faizan: National Public Radio

 Farrell, John: C-SPAN

 Farrell, Kathryn: BBC

 Farzaneh, Sam: BBC

 Fatih, Artun: Sky News Arabia

 Fattahi, Kambiz: BBC

 Faulders, Katherine: ABC News

 Fauqueux-Veit, Hannelore: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Favela Munoz, Cecilia: Voice of America

 Faw, Caitlin: Wall Street Journal

 Feeney, Joseph: C-SPAN

 Feezer, Cory: EWTN

 Feinstein, Jared: ABC News

 Feist, Samuel: CNN

 Fekadu, Salem: Voice of America

 Felan, Mitchell: NBC News

 Feldman, Leonardo: Voice of America

 Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

 Felix, Tsitsiki: WFDC-TV Univision

 Fell, Jacqueline: Cox Broadcasting

 Fendrick, Anne-Marie: NHK

 Fenston, Jacob: WAMU

 Fenton, Amy: Fox News

 Ferder, Bruce: Voice of America

 Ferguson, Amber: Washingtonpost.com

 Ferguson, Johnnie: ABC News

 Ferguson, Patrick: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

[[Page 1037]]

 Feria, Elizabeth: Reuters Radio & TV

 Ferran, Lee: ABC News

 Ferrell, Regan: FedNet

 Ferrise, Patrick: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Fertig, Natalie: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Fessler, Pamela: National Public Radio

 Fetzer, Robert: Fox News

 Feudner, Eric: C-SPAN

 Fiegel, Eric: CNN

 Field, Andrew: ABC News

 Fifield, Paul: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Filali, Rabah: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Finch, Justin: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Finch, Mark: Fox News

 Fink, Kathryn: WAMU

 Finkel, Benjamin: Viewpoint Communications

 Finn, Sean: ABC News

 Finney, Maranda: The Daily Caller

 Finney, Richard: Radio Free Asia

 Finney, Sara Shannon: WTOP Radio

 Fioraliso, Theodore: Gray Television

 Fischer, Andrew: News2Share

 Fischer, Richard: WUSA-TV

 Fischer, Tanya: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Fischoff, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

 Fishel, Justin: ABC News

 Fisher, Kathryn: Feature Story News

 Fisher, Siobhan: ABC News

 Fisher, Thomas: Al Jazeera English

 Fitzgerald, Meagan: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Fitzgerald, Thomas: WTTG-Fox Television

 Fitzke, Karl: National Public Radio

 Flack, Eric: WUSA-TV

 Flaherty, Anne: ABC News

 Fleeson, Richard: C-SPAN

 Fleischer, Jodie: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Fleischer Belmar, Heidi: German TV (ZDF)

 Fletcher, Lisa: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Flood, Joseph: ABC News

 Flood, Randolph: Native American TV (NATV)

 Florance, Benjamin: Fox News

 Flores, Cesar: Fox News

 Flores, Karla: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Flores, Reena: Washingtonpost.com

 Flowers, Alexandra: NBC News

 Floyd, Jessica: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Flynn, Ann: CBS News

 Flynn, Maureen: NBC News

 Foellmer, Kristin: German TV (ZDF)

 Foerg, Maximilan: Deutsche Welle TV

 Fogarty, J. Kevin: Reuters Radio & TV

 Fogel, Golda: NTN24

 Fok, Leung: Radio Free Asia

 Foley, Rita: AP-Broadcast

 Foley Elias, Pablo: Deutsche Welle TV

 Foran, Clare: CNN

 Foran, Laura: CBS News

 Forbes, Latoya: CNN

 Forcier, Vincent: WETA

 Ford, Patrick: CNN

 Ford, Samuel: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Forehand, Kristin: Fox News

 Foreman, Thomas: CNN

 Forgotson, Edward: CBS News

 Forman, David: NBC News

 Fornicola, Jason: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Forte, Bernard: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Forte, Douglas: Now This News

 Fortner, Amanda: C-SPAN

 Fortney, Daniel: Voice of America

 Fortunato, Robert: CBS News

 Fossum, Samuel: CNN

 Foster, Carl: C-SPAN

 Foster, Rebecca: Feature Story News

 Foster, Scott: NBC News

 Foster Mathewson, Lesli: WUSA-TV

 Foty, Thomas: CBS News

 Fougere, Fabien: France 2 Television

 Foukara, Abderrahim: Al Jazeera International

 Fowler, Scott: NBC News

 Fox, Darren: Voice of America

 Fox, Lauren: CNN

 Fox, Michael: Al Jazeera International

 Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

 Fox, Stacey: NBC News

 Frail, Marie: Reuters Radio & TV

 Fraley, Jason: WTOP Radio

 Frandino, Nathaniel: Reuters Radio & TV

 Frank, Noah: WTOP Radio

 Frankel, Jillian: NBC News

 Frankel, Kendrick: FedNet

 Frankel, Melissa: NBC News

 Franklin, Jonathan: WUSA-TV

 Fraser, Kristin: Vice News

 Frasier, Jordan: NBC News

 Frates, Christopher: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Frazee, Gretchen: PBS NewsHour

 Frazier, Leslie: C-SPAN

 Frazier, Robert: Feature Story News

 Frazier, William: C-SPAN

 Fredman, Nathaniel: The Hill

 Fredrickson, Drew: NBC News

 Freeland, Charla: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Freeman, Ariana: CBS News

 Freitag-Schmitt, Christina: German TV (ARD)

 French, Francis: ABC News

 Frey, Kevin: Spectrum News

 Friden, Elizabeth: Fox News

 Friedman, David: Fox News

 Friedman, Mathew: AP-Broadcast

 Friedrich, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

 Fritz, Michael: PBS NewsHour

 Froneberger, Lauryn: WUSA-TV

[[Page 1038]]

 Froom, Leroy: SRN News (Salem)

 Fry, Deanna: Hearst Television Inc.

 Frydman, Melissa: CNN

 Fuglesang, Anna Lisa: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Fuhr, Michael: WUSA-TV

 Fukuda, Haruyo: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Fulton, Bradley: ABC News

 Fung, Brian: CNN

 Furlow, Tony: CBS News

 Furman, Hal: CBS News

 Fuse, Satoru: TV Asahi

 Fuss, Brian: CBS News

 Futrowsky, David: Voice of America

 Gaber Saletan, Hannah: USA Today

 Gabriel, Oscar: AP-Broadcast

 Gaffney, John: NBC News

 Gaffney, Morgan: NBC News

 Gains, Mosheh: NBC News

 Galarce Crain, Teresita: CNN

 Galdabini, Christian: Fox News

 Galey, Melinda: Fox News

 Galey, Travis: CBS News

 Galindo Pena, Raul: Telesur

 Gallacher, Andy: Al Jazeera English

 Gallagher, Fallon: NBC News

 Gallagher, John: C-SPAN

 Gallagher, William: C-SPAN

 Gallasch, Hillery: German TV (ARD)

 Galowin, Craig: C-SPAN

 Galperovich, Danila: Voice of America

 Gamboa, Suzanne: NBC News

 Gangel, Jamie: CNN

 Ganslmeier, Martin: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Gantz, Jordan: Vice News

 Gaouette, Katherine: CNN

 Garay, Gavino: Reuters Radio & TV

 Garbitt, Devin: ABC News

 Garcia, Danelle: CNN

 Garcia, Elizabeth: WUSA-TV

 Garcia, Jon: ABC News

 Garcia, Juan: Fox News

 Garcia, July: CBS News

 Garcia, Manny: CBS News

 Gardella, Richard: NBC News

 Gardinier, Elizabeth: PBS NewsHour

 Gardner, Evan: Fox News

 Garifo, Stephen: WUSA-TV

 Garlock, Tracy: C-SPAN

 Garner, Dave: WTOP Radio

 Garnier, Terace: Scripps News

 Garofalo, Elise: CNN

 Garratt, Jonathan: Al Jazeera English

 Garraty, Timothy: CNN

 Garrett, Christopher: CNN

 Garrett, Major: CBS News

 Garrett Scott, Amina: CNN

 Garrott, Jennifer: C-SPAN

 Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

 Gaskin, Keith: NBC News

 Gasparello, Linda: White House Chronicle

 Gassot, Philippe: I24 News

 Gato, Pablo: Univision

 Gatza, Fabian: German TV (ZDF)

 Gaudino, Ralph: NBC News

 Gaur, Girish: One America

 Gauthier, Arthur: ABC News

 Gawad, Atef: AP-Broadcast

 Gayle, Anna-Lysa: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Gayon Granell, Fernando: TVE-Spanish Public Television

 Gazis, Olivia: CBS News

 Gebremariam, Solomon: Voice of America

 Gee, Alexander: CNN

 Gehlen, Robert: ABC News

 Geller, Laura: WUSA-TV

 Gelman, Micah: Washingtonpost.com

 Gembara, Deborah: Reuters Radio & TV

 Gentilo, Richard: AP-Broadcast

 Gentzler Miller, Doreen: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Geoghegan, Thomas: BBC

 George, Charles: C-SPAN

 George, Pavithra: Reuters Radio & TV

 Gerberg, Jonathan: Washingtonpost.com

 Gerhiser, James: National Public Radio

 Geriquiji, Geri: Radio Free Asia

 Gerondidakis, Dimitrios: NBC News

 Gessner, Brian: NBC News

 Gestoso, Jorge: Telesur

 Getachew, Eden: CNN

 Getter, Thomas: Westwood One

 Geyelin, Philip: CBS News

 Ghandour, Michel: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Ghanem, Pierre: Al Arabiya TV

 Giaimo, Melissa: CNN

 Giammetta, Massimo: WTTG-Fox Television

 Giannakopoulos, Sarah: CNN

 Gibson, Giles: Feature Story News

 Gibson, Jake: Fox News

 Gibson, Jenna: CBS News

 Gibson, Karlee: Washington Examiner

 Gibson, Sheri Lynn: NBC Newschannel

 Gibson, Teneille: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Giebel, Amy: ABC News

 Gilbert, Jennifer: CBN News

 Gilchrist, Aaron: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Gile, Charles: NBC News

 Gilles, Elizabeth: National Public Radio

 Gillis, Gary: Fox News

 Gilmore, Elizabeth: NBC News

 Gilpin-Green, Justice: NBC News

 Ginebra, Nelson: NBC Newschannel

 Gingrich, Laura: Blaze Media

 Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

 Ginsburg, Franklyn: Al Jazeera English

[[Page 1039]]

 Girard, David: ABC News

 Girdusky, Ryan: One America

 Girdwood, Barton: National Public Radio

 Gisholt Minard, Morgan: BBC

 Gittlen, Jason: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Gittleson, Benjamin: ABC News

 Giunta, Meg: EWTN

 Given, Margaret: CNN

 Gjorgjievska, Milena: Voice of America

 Gladden, Dwayne: The Real News Network

 Glassman, Matt: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Glenday, James: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Glennon, John: ABC News

 Glor, Jeffrey: CBS News

 Gloria, Catherine: CNN

 Glover, Aronica: CBN News

 Goddard, Andre: CNN

 Godfrey, Autria: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Godin, Jake: Scripps News

 Godsick, Andrew: NBC Newschannel

 Godwin, Ross: Washingtonpost.com

 Gold, Emily: NBC News

 Gold, Lawrence: AP-Broadcast

 Gold, Peter: Fuji TV Japan

 Golden, Amanda: CNN

 Golden, Rodrek: Reuters Radio & TV

 Golden, Vaughn: Laslo Congressional Bureau

 Goldrick, Michael: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Gomes, Christer: CNN

 Gomez, Justin: ABC News

 Gomez, Serafin: CBS News

 Goncalves De Oliveira, Alexandra: The Hill

 Goncalves Perry, Delia: WUSA-TV

 Gongadze, Myroslava: Voice of America

 Gonyea, Donald: National Public Radio

 Gonzalez, Dennis: Fox News

 Gonzalez, John: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Gonzalez, Mario: NTN24

 Gonzalez Homs, Roberto: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Gonzalez Martinez, Cesar: NBC News

 Gonzalez-Ramirez, Liliana: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Goodall, Samuel: CBS News

 Goodknight, Charles: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Goodman, David: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Goodman, Jeffrey: NBC News

 Goolsby, Wyatt: EWTN

 Gorap, Pema: Voice of America

 Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

 Gordon, Candace: NBC Newschannel

 Gordon, Herbert: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Gordon, Robert: ABC News

 Gordon, Tamara: National Public Radio

 Gore, Celina: CBS News

 Gorham, Glenn: ABC News

 Gorjestani, Kethevane: France 24

 Gorman, James: AP-Broadcast

 Goryashko, Sergey: BBC

 Gottbrath, Laurin-Whitney: Al Jazeera International

 Gottlieb, Brian: CBS News

 Gough, Sarah: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Gould, Robert: C-SPAN

 Gourley, Hugh: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Gracey, David: CNN

 Gracia, Michael: AP-Broadcast

 Gradison, Robin: NBC News

 Graef, Aileen: CNN

 Graesvik, Fredrik: TV2-Norway

 Graf, Heather: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Graff, Valentin: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Graham, Taya: The Real News Network

 Granadino, Cameron: The Real News Network

 Grand, Raphael: Swiss Broadcasting

 Granda-Murillo, Marco: NTN24

 Granitz, Peter: National Public Radio

 Granville, Samantha: BBC

 Grasso, Neil: CBS News

 Graumann, Eva: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Gray, Cameron: Westwood One

 Gray, Justin: Cox Broadcasting

 Gray, Noah: CNN

 Graydon, James: CNN

 Grayer, Anne: CNN

 Green, Jessie J.: WTOP Radio

 Green, Molette: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Green, Myra: ABC News

 Green, Richard: Voice of America

 Greenbaum, Adamson: Voice of America

 Greenberger, Jonathan: ABC News

 Greenberger, Scott: Stateline

 Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

 Greenblatt, Mark: Scripps News

 Greenburg, Jan: CBS News

 Greene, David: National Public Radio

 Greene, Gus: CNN

 Greene, James: NBC News

 Greene, Trevor: Fox News

 Gregory, Matthew: WUSA-TV

 Greiner, Nicholas: ABC News

 Greisiger, Stephen: The Hill

 Griffin, Jennifer: Fox News

 Griffin, Julia: PBS NewsHour

 Griffin, Kevin: NBC News

 Griffith, Paul: FedNet

 Griffitts, William: WELT N24 German TV

 Griggs, Kendall: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Grigsby, Lee: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Grim, Natalie: Gray Television

 Grimaldi, Angelica: CNN

 Grimes, Sanford: Fox News

 Gringlas, Samuel: National Public Radio

 Grisales, Claudia: National Public Radio

 Grishkoff Rockell, Kira: Al Jazeera English

 Grose, Jessica: The Hill

 Gross, Andrew: NBC News

[[Page 1040]]

 Gross, Eddie: CNN

 Gross, Joshua: CBS News

 Grossheim, Jessica: Nexstar Media Group

 Grossman, David: BBC

 Grover, Esha: Voice of America

 Grudovich, Daniel: WTTG-Fox Television

 Grumbach, Garrett: NBC News

 Grumke, Kathryn: PBS NewsHour

 Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Guerouani, Fayrouz: AP-Broadcast

 Guerrero, Bertha: ABC News

 Guevara Medrano, Paul Henry: NTN24

 Guez, Bertrand: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Guild, Blair: Washingtonpost.com

 Guise, Gregory: Al Jazeera English

 Gunnery, Mark: WAMU

 Guo, Yina: Xinhua

 Guray, Geoffrey Lou: PBS NewsHour

 Gurbanzada, Rafig: Caspian Broadcasting TV

 Gutierrez Riveros, Diego: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio And Press Service

 Guttman, Nathan: Israel Television And Radio

 Guzman, Armando: Azteca America

 Guzman, Joseph: NBC News Radio

 Guzman, Wilber: Telemundo Network

 Gypson, Katherine: Voice of America

 Haake, Garrett: NBC News

 Habib, Elias: Al Arabiya TV

 Haddad, Karim: Al Jazeera English

 Haddad, Tamara: Feature Story News

 Hadro, Catherine: EWTN

 Hadro, Matthew: EWTN

 Haefeli, Brian: ABC News

 Hagan, Caroline: Fox News

 Hager, Mary: CBS News

 Hager, Nathan: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Hagerty, Colleen: BBC

 Haggerty, Patrick: This WEEK In Agribusiness

 Hahn, Jay: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Haidari, Aws: TRT World

 Haider, Zahra: Now This News

 Haji Kakol, Aso: AP-Broadcast

 Halkett, Kimberly: Al Jazeera English

 Hall, Andrew: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Hall, Dwight: C-SPAN

 Hall, Glenn: C-SPAN

 Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

 Haller, Sylvia: NBC News

 Haller, Thomas: EWTN

 Halpern, Jared: Fox News Radio

 Halpern, Lacey: Fox News

 Hamberg, Steven: Viewpoint Communications

 Hamby, Bo: National Public Radio

 Hamilton, James: Al Jazeera English

 Hamilton, Lawan: Scripps News

 Hammond, Jennifer: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Hammond, Joe: WTTG-Fox Television

 Hampton, Brian: CNN

 Han, Duk In: Radio Free Asia

 Han, Kyuseok: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Han, Sung Soo: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

 Handly, Jim: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Haney, Taylor: National Public Radio

 Hanna, Michael: Al Jazeera English

 Hannah, Daniel: ABC News

 Hannan, Lori: Deutsche Welle TV

 Hanson, Christopher: C-SPAN

 Happe, Mackenzie: CNN

 Harada, Kathryn: Nippon TV Network

 Harbage, Claire: National Public Radio

 Harding, Tomas: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Harding, William: CBS News

 Hardymon, Barrie: National Public Radio

 Harf, Marie: Fox News

 Harkness, Stephen: C-SPAN

 Harleston, Robert: C-SPAN

 Harper, Averi: ABC News

 Harper, Steven: CBS News

 Harper, Sydney: National Public Radio

 Harrington, Candice: NBC News

 Harrington, Joshua: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Harris, James: Metro Teleproductions

 Harris, Heather: WETA

 Harris, Kristen: WUSA-TV

 Harris, Mikayla: NBC News

 Harris, Richard: National Public Radio

 Harris, Rodney: EWTN

 Harris, Roy: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Harrison, Brandon: Fox News

 Harrison, Byron: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Harrison, Mary Jean: C-SPAN

 Hartman, Christopher: NBC News

 Harton, Marcus: Voice of America

 Hartwig, Ralf: German TV (ZDF)

 Harwood, John: CNBC

 Haselton, Brennan: WTOP Radio

 Hash, James: WUSA-TV

 Hashemi, Sarah: Washingtonpost.com

 Hashmi, Siraj: Washington Examiner

 Haslett, Cheyenne: ABC News

 Hassanein, Gamal: APTVS-American Press & TV Services

 Hastings-Jones, Kirsty: Hearst Television Inc.

 Hatch, Edmund: NBC News

 Hatfield, William: NBC News

 Hauser, Amanda: WUSA-TV

 Hawkins, Arielle: Gray Television

 Hawkins, Shonty: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Hawley, Alison: CBS News

 Hawthorne, Dave: CBS News

 Hayes, Monique: WRC-TV / NBC-4

[[Page 1041]]

 Hayes, Owen: NBC News

 Haynes, Darren: WUSA-TV

 Haynes, Laine: WUSA-TV

 Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

 Haynes, Oscar: Voice of America

 Hays, Guerin: Fox News

 Haywood, Barry: ABC News

 He, Alan: CBS News

 Headington, Brady: Hearst Television Inc.

 Healey, Sean: CBS News

 Healy, Gabrielle: WAMU

 Hebden, David: The Real News Network

 Hebden, Taylor: The Real News Network

 Hecht, Barry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Hecker, Jenna: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Heckman, Jory: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Heffley, William: C-SPAN

 Heina, Martin: Fox News

 Heinbaugh, Jack: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Heiner, Stephen: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Helaoua, Yona: France 24

 Helke, Michael: Voice of America

 Helman, Jonathan: NBC News

 Helskog, Gerhard: TV2-Norway

 Hempen, Michael: AP-Broadcast

 Hemphill, Anjali: WTTG-Fox Television

 Henderson, Jarrad: USA Today

 Henderson, Susan: AP-Broadcast

 Henderson, Thomas: Stateline

 Hendren, John: Al Jazeera English

 Hendry, Erica: PBS NewsHour

 Hennecke, Saskia: Spectrum News

 Hennemuth, Maren: German TV (ARD)

 Henriquez Maldonado, Rafael: WFDC-TV Univision

 Henry, Christopher: NBC News

 Henry, Edward: Fox News

 Henry, John: WUSA-TV

 Henry, Jonelle: C-SPAN

 Henry, Robert: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Henry, Shirley: National Public Radio

 Henry, Skyler: CBS News

 Hentunen, Mika: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

 Herb, Jeremy: CNN

 Herbas, Francis: C-SPAN

 Herber, Massimiliano: Swiss Broadcasting

 Herbert, Andrew: BBC

 Heritage, Robert: NBC News

 Herkner, Michael: CNN

 Hermelijn, Ryan: Dutch TV & Radio (NOS)

 Hernandez, Jinitzail: CQ / Roll Call

 Hernandez, Linda: Washington Examiner

 Hernandez Orellana, Angel: Univision

 Hernandez Wood, Caridad: WUSA-TV

 Hernon, Louise: NBC News

 Herrera, Francisco-Ruben: German TV (ZDF)

 Herridge, Catherine: CBS News

 Herring, Charles: One America

 Herring, Dawn: One America

 Hersher, Rebecca: National Public Radio

 Hess, Ione: CNN

 Hesse, Alicia: Blaze Media

 Hesse-Kastein, Sebastian: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Hickman, Stacy: Fox News

 Hicks, Samuel: Cheddar

 Hidayat, Rafki: Voice of America

 Higgins, Ricardo: NBC News

 Hildebrand, Kristen: EWTN

 Hill, Angela: Scripps News

 Hill, Ashley: C-SPAN

 Hill, Charles: ABC News

 Hill, Christen: ABC News

 Hill, Dallas: C-SPAN

 Hill, Jarred: Hearst Television Inc.

 Hill, Jonquilyn: WAMU

 Hill, Martin: Fox News

 Hillmann, Melanie: German TV (ZDF)

 Hillyard, Vaughn: NBC News

 Hindes, Walter: SRN News (Salem)

 Hines, Andrea: ABC News

 Hines, John: One America

 Hirten, Kevin: Al Jazeera English

 Hishchynsky, James: NBC News

 Ho, King: Radio Free Asia

 Hoar McGibbon, Adrienne: C-SPAN

 Hobaica Santa Cruz, Melissa: NTN24

 Hodge, Darnley: Imagination Media

 Hodges, Lauren: National Public Radio

 Hoffman, Brian: AP-Broadcast

 Hoffman, Charles: NBC News

 Hoffman, Jason: CNN

 Hoja, Gulchehra: Radio Free Asia

 Holbert, William: CNN

 Holland, Faith: CNN

 Holland, Tashick: National Public Radio

 Hollenbeck, Paul: Bt Video Productions

 Hollingsworth, Conor: Gray Television

 Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Holmes, Kristen: CNN

 Holmes, Regina: Talk Media News

 Hong, Albert: Radio Free Asia

 Hong, Paula: BBC

 Hooper, Molly: CBS News

 Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Hopkins, Michael: CBS News

 Hopper, David: NBC News

 Horacek, Eric: C-SPAN

 Hormuth, Thomas: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Horn, Caroline: CBS News

 Horn, Charles: Viewpoint Communications

 Hornish, Cory: WETA

 Horrigan, Derek: CNN

[[Page 1042]]

 Horsley, Scott: National Public Radio

 Horton, Harry: Feature Story News

 Horton, Robert: ABC News

 Hosford, Matthew: ABC News

 Hoshi, Mariko: Nippon TV Network

 Hossain, Selim: Voice of America

 Howard, Charles: NBC News

 Howard, Kevin: ABC News

 Howell, Emily: CNN

 Howell, Kellan: Scripps News

 Howell, Melissa: WTOP Radio

 Hoye, Matthew: CNN

 Hristova, Rozalia: BBC

 Hssaini, Nasreddine: Al Jazeera International

 Hsu, Andrea: National Public Radio

 Hu, Yousong: Xinhua

 Huaiquil, Enrique: Al Jazeera International

 Huang, Paris: Voice of America

 Huang, Zhuo: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Hubert, Jason: ABC News

 Hudak, Lara: FedNet

 Hudak, Zackary: CBS News

 Hudock, Richard: NBC News

 Huether, Andrew: National Public Radio

 Huey-Burns, Caitlin: CBS News

 Huff, Daniel: AP-Broadcast

 Huff, Priscilla: Fox News

 Hughes, James: NBC News

 Hughes, Jillian: CBS News

 Hughes, Katherine: C-SPAN

 Hughes, Mary: Fox News

 Hughes, Maxine: TRT World

 Hughes Hemmerlein, Megan: ABC News

 Hume, Alexander: Fox News

 Humeau, Thierry: Al Jazeera English

 Hummelsheim, Scott: C-SPAN

 Humphrey, Helena: Deutsche Welle TV

 Hunsicker, Thomas: WUSA-TV

 Hunt, Kasie: NBC News

 Hunter, Alison: BBC

 Hunter, Joshua: NBC News

 Hunter, Paul: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Hunter, Tracy: C-SPAN

 Huraimi, Nadia: BBC

 Hurst, Nathan: C-SPAN

 Hurt, James: NBC Newschannel

 Hurtado, Eugenia: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Hussain, Iftikhar: Voice of America

 Hussin, Utami: Voice of America

 Hutchinson, Heather: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Hwang, Song: TVBS

 Hyman, Brett: Fox News

 Hyman, Mark: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Hymes, Clare: CBS News

 Hynds, Margaret: CBS News

 Iacone, Michael: NBC News

 Iannelli, Nick: WTOP Radio

 Iannuzzi, John: ABC News

 Iarmolenko, Iuliia: Voice of America

 Ibarra, Adolfo: CNN

 Ibrahim, Heind: AP-Broadcast

 Ibrahim, Mohamed: German TV (ZDF)

 Ibrahim, Zena: AP-Broadcast

 Ichikawa, Masatoshi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Ide, Charles: WETA

 Ikushima, Shinichiro: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Iman, Falastine: Voice of America

 Imparato, Walter: CNN

 Ing, Lance: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Ingber, Alexandra: Scripps News

 Ingle, Cynthia: C-SPAN

 Inguanzo, Fidel: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Inman, Willie: Scripps News

 Innes, Michael: BBC

 Inoue, Yukimasa: Nippon TV Network

 Insignares, Giovanni: WUSA-TV

 Inskeep, Steven: National Public Radio

 Inzaurralde, Bastien: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Irons, Mark: EWTN

 Isdale, Danielle: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Isella, Elena: EWTN

 Isgro, Ernest: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Isham, Christopher: CBS News

 Ishibashi, Yuki: Fuji TV Japan

 Ishibe, Shun: NHK

 Ishii, Yusaku: NHK

 Islam, Saqib: Voice of America

 Islam, Towhidul: Voice of America

 Ivey, Michael: Voice of America

 Iwata, Natsuya: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Jaakson, Uelle-Mall: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Jackson, Clifton: Rural TV News

 Jackson, George: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Jackson, Hallie: NBC News

 Jackson, Katharine: Reuters Radio & TV

 Jackson, Kaylah: Connecting Vets

 Jackson, Roberta: C-SPAN

 Jackson, Ryan: ABC News

 Jackson, Samuel: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Jacobi, Isabelle: Swiss Broadcasting

 Jacobi, Steven: CBN News

 Jacobs, Adia: CNN

 Jacobson, William: CNN

 Jaconi, Michelle: Washingtonpost.com

 Jaeger, Britta: German TV (ZDF)

 Jaffe, Gary: Voice of America

 Jaklitsch, Vanessa: Antena 3 TV

 Jalawan, Wagma: Voice of America

 James, Acacia: NBC News

 James Sloan, Karen: CNBC

 Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

 Jamshidi, Kaveh: Voice of America

[[Page 1043]]

 Janis, Stephen: The Real News Network

 Janney, Oliver: CNN

 Janney, Renata: TV Asahi

 Jansen, Eric: WUSA-TV

 Janssen, Simon-Laslo: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Japaridze, Nunu: Fox News

 Jarboe, Brian: National Public Radio

 Jarrett, Laura: CNN

 Jarrett, Ricky: National Public Radio

 Jarrett, Tracy: Vice News

 Jarvis, Julie: NBC Newschannel

 Javadi, Afshin: EWTN

 Javers, Eamon: CNBC

 Jay, Paul: The Real News Network

 Jefferson, Rickey: CBS News

 Jeffrey, Terence: Cnsnews.com

 Jegisman, Valeria: Voice of America

 Jenkins, David: CNN

 Jenkins, Lee: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Jenkins, Tiara: C-SPAN

 Jenkins, William: Fox News

 Jennings, Alicia: NBC News

 Jennings, Edward, Jr.: ABC News

 Jensen, Heidi: ABC News

 Jentile De Canecaude, Catherine: TF1-French TV

 Jermin, Ede: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Jeroro, Ewholomeyovwi: CNN

 Jessen, Peder: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Jessup, John: CBN News

 Jester, William: ABC News

 Jeswani, Geet: NBC News

 Jewell, Hannah: Washingtonpost.com

 Jewsevskyj, George: Fox News

 Ji, Yewon: Radio Free Asia

 Jiang, Weijia: CBS News

 Jibai, Wafaa: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Jimenez, Cecilia: ABC News

 Jimenez, Christopher: Fox News

 Jimenez, Omar: CNN

 Jin, Ho Sung: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Jin, Yuelei: Xinhua

 Joannides, Jihan: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Joehnk, Astrid: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Johannes, Wilhelm: Voice of America

 Johns, David: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Johns, Joseph: CNN

 Johnson, Aiden: BBC

 Johnson, Carrie: National Public Radio

 Johnson, Chester: WUSA-TV

 Johnson, Christopher: Radio One

 Johnson, Daniel: BBC

 Johnson, Irene: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Johnson, Joshua: WAMU

 Johnson, Katherine: CBS News

 Johnson, Kevin: Cox Broadcasting

 Johnson, Kia: Reuters Radio & TV

 Johnson, Mahreon: Fox News

 Johnson, Mansa: Imagination Media

 Johnson, Mary Jennifer: NBC Newschannel

 Johnson, Monique: CNN

 Johnson, William: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Johnston, Jeffrey: CBS News

 Johnston, Vanessa: Reuters Radio & TV

 Jonas, Gerald: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Joneidi, Majid: BBC

 Jones, Andrew: Al Jazeera English

 Jones, Arthur: CBS News

 Jones, Athena: CNN

 Jones, Douglas: CNN

 Jones, Gwyneth: NBC News

 Jones, Katerra: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Jones, Kellianne: Fox News

 Jones, Kenneth: WETA

 Jones, Lorna: CBS News

 Jones, Lyrone: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Jones, Matthew: NBC News

 Jones, Nelson: WTTG-Fox Television

 Jones, Phelix: C-SPAN

 Jones, Stephen: Fox News

 Jones, Torrance: Fox News

 Jones Jackson, Andreia: Nexstar Media Group

 Joost, Nathalie: Fox News

 Joplin, Ashleigh: Washingtonpost.com

 Jordan, Rosiland: Al Jazeera English

 Jordan, Tracey: CNN

 Jorgenson, David: Washingtonpost.com

 Joseph, Akilah: Al Jazeera English

 Joseph, Cameron: Vice News

 Joslyn, James: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Joy, Richard: Ventana Productions

 Joyner, Arcelious: CNN

 Joynt, Carol: CBS News

 Judd, Donald: CNN

 Juhasz, Aubri: National Public Radio

 Juma, Mamatjan: Radio Free Asia

 Jung, Joonhyung: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

 Jussim, Roderick: AP-Broadcast

 Kades, Cathy: NBC News

 Kady, Matt: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Kaji, Mina: ABC News

 Kalman, Nicholas: Fox News

 Kamal, Hufsa: Fox News

 Kamisar, Benjamin: NBC News

 Kane, Jason: PBS NewsHour

 Kanicka, Stephen: Fox News

 Kanneth, Polson: CNN

 Kaplan, William: Metro Teleproductions

 Kapp, Bonney: CNN

 Karacam, Serra: TRT World

 Karamehmedovic, Almin: ABC News

 Karasu, Oguz: TRT World

 Karl, Jonathan: ABC News

 Karp, James: NBC Newschannel

[[Page 1044]]

 Karson, Kendall: ABC News

 Kasap, Bunyamin: TRT World

 Kaseko, Omary: Voice of America

 Kashfi, Monna: WAMU

 Kashgary, Jilil: Radio Free Asia

 Kasper, Kristin: Gray Television

 Kastein, Julia: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Kastens, Katharine: ABC News

 Katcef, Susan: Capital News Service TV-U of Md

 Katmer, Elvan: Fox News

 Kato, Atsushi: NHK

 Katz, Drew: CBS News

 Kauffman, Don: Nexstar Media Group

 Kaufman, Elena: CNN

 Kavanagh, Peter: CNN

 Kavi, Aishvarya: CNN

 Kay, Katharine: BBC

 Kaye, Matthew: The Berns Bureau, Inc.

 Kealy, Courtney: TRT World

 Keator, John: National Public Radio

 Keedy, Matthew: CBN News

 Keegan, Ashley: CNN

 Kehayias Farhi, Arden: CBS News

 Kehoe, Steven: C-SPAN

 Kehs, Robert: NBC News

 Kelemen, Michele: National Public Radio

 Kellam, Brandi: CBS News

 Kelley, Colleen: Fox News

 Kelley, Jonathan: C-SPAN

 Kellum, Gail: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Kelly, Caroline: CNN

 Kelly, Cristina: EWTN

 Kelly, Margaret: Washingtonpost.com

 Kelly, Mary: National Public Radio

 Kelly, Shannon: CTV Canadian TV

 Kelly, Terence: NBC News

 Kelly, William: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Kelsey, Adam: ABC News

 Kendall, Halle: BBC

 Kennedy, Andrew: Radio Free Asia

 Kennedy, Benjamin: CBN News

 Kennedy, Miranda: National Public Radio

 Kennedy, Siobhan: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Kenney, Colleen: Fox News

 Kenny, Caroline: CNN

 Kent, Peter: NBC News

 Kenyon, Linda: Westwood One

 Keo, Sovannarith: Radio Free Asia

 Kepnes, Jeffrey: NBC News

 Keppler, Kristin: CNN

 Kerbs, Kenneth: CBS News

 Kerchner, Eric: CBS News

 Kerley, Paul: ABC News

 Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

 Kerwin, Christopher: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Kerwin, Kristin: Cox Broadcasting

 Kesbeh, Dina: Al Jazeera International

 Kessler, Aaron: CNN

 Kessler, Jonathan: CBS News

 Kettlewell, Christian: AP-Broadcast

 Keum, Chul Young: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Key, Kayla Nicole: C-SPAN

 Keyes, Allison: CBS News

 Khairy, Khaled: AP-Broadcast

 Khalaf, Lina: Al Jazeera International

 Khaleefah, Basheer: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Khalil, Joseph: Nexstar Media Group

 Khaliq, Mohammad: Al Jazeera International

 Khamidov, Sandzhar: Voice of America

 Khan, Javaria: NBC News

 Khan, Junaid: National Public Radio

 Khan, Mariam: ABC News

 Khan, Saba: Voice of America

 Khan, Saher: PBS NewsHour

 Khan, Saliqa: WUSA-TV

 Khananayev, Grigory: Fox News

 Kharel, Nilu: Sagarmatha Television

 Kharel, Ram: Sagarmatha Television

 Khdr, Kawa: AP-Broadcast

 Khimm, Suzy: NBC News

 Khizder, Anastasia: NBC News

 Khristenko, Alexander: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

 Kianpour, Suzanne: BBC

 Kidd, Sally: Hearst Television Inc.

 Kieffer, Vivian: Radio Free Asia

 Kiernan, Ryan: NBC News

 Kilaru, Vandana: Fox News

 Kill, Adrian: CBS News

 Killion Boykin, Nikole: CBS News

 Killough, Ashley: CNN

 Kim, Annie: WUSA-TV

 Kim, April: NHK

 Kim, Caitlyn: Colorado Public Radio

 Kim, Diana: NBC News

 Kim, Hyunki: JTBC

 Kim, Jin Kuik: Radio Free Asia

 Kim, Jiyeon: Voice of America

 Kim, Kyung Hyun: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Kim, Lauren: Yonhap News TV

 Kim, Rosa: CBS News

 Kim, Seon Myung: Voice of America

 Kim, Soohyung: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

 Kim, Soo Rin: ABC News

 Kim, Soyoung: Radio Free Asia

 Kim, Woong Kyu: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Kimani, Julia: CBS News

 Kimmel, Corey: ABC News

 King, Elizabeth: ABC News

 King, Erica: ABC News

 King, Jennifer: AP-Broadcast

 King, John: CNN

 King, Kevin G.: Al Jazeera English

 King, Kevin N.: C-SPAN

[[Page 1045]]

 King, Llewellyn: White House Chronicle

 Kinoshita, Takahiro: TV Asahi

 Kirby, Kevin: Fox News

 Kirby, Michael: FedNet

 Klapper, Henry: Fox News

 Klass, Reed: CBN News

 Klayman, Elliot: Eye-To-Eye Video

 Kleim, Peter: N-TV German News Channel

 Klein, Kent: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Klein, Mary: CNN

 Klein, Richard: ABC News

 Klein, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Klein, Shawn: Spectrum News

 Kleinhenz, Stefan: One America

 Kleinman, Avery: WAMU

 Klos, Daniel: CBS News

 Knapp, Brandon: CNN

 Knapp, Timothy: Gray Television

 Knier, Rebecca: WUSA-TV

 Knigge, Michael: Deutsche Welle TV

 Knight, Danielle: WAMU

 Knighton, David: C-SPAN

 Knoedler, Matthew: Lilly Broadcasting

 Knoller, Mark: CBS News

 Knox, Olivier: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Koch, William: NBC News

 Kodjak, Alison: National Public Radio

 Koenig, Lauren: CNN

 Koenig-Muenster, Kailani: NBC News

 Koerber Moir, Ashley: Fox News

 Koessler, Thilo: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Koh, Joyce: Washingtonpost.com

 Kohl, Christoph: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Kohno, Kenji: NHK

 Kolinovsky, Sarah: ABC News

 Kompaore, Arzouma: Voice of America

 Kono, Torao: NHK

 Konsmo, Sarah: WUSA-TV

 Kook, Heekyung: Voice of America

 Koprowicz, Tatiana: Voice of America

 Kor, Mehmet: TRT World

 Kordares, Molly: CBS News

 Korff, Jay: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Korte, Cara: CBS News

 Kos, Martin: Bt Video Productions

 Kosinski, Michelle: CNN

 Koskin, Nikolay: Russian State TV and Radio (RTR)

 Koslof, Evan: WUSA-TV

 Kosnar, Michael: NBC News

 Koster, Jesse: Voice of America

 Kotke, Wolfgang: German TV (ZDF)

 Kotuby, Stephanie: PBS NewsHour

 Kouddous, Sharif: Al Jazeera English

 Koura, Bagassi: Voice of America

 Kovach, Robert: CBS News

 Koval, Sergii: Inter TV

 Kozlov, Petr: BBC

 Krahenbuhl, Raquel: TV Globo International

 Krall, Jenica: Fox News

 Kramer, Kent: Radio One

 Kraus, Melissa: Fox News Radio

 Kraus, Nick: Al Jazeera English

 Krawchenko, Katiana: CBS News

 Kreinbihl, Mary: Fox Business Network

 Kretz, Lillian: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

 Kretz, Steffen: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

 Krieg, Gregory: CNN

 Krieger, Barbara: Fox News

 Kriegleder, David: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Kroker, Florian: German TV (ARD)

 Kroll, Donald: ABC News

 Krolowitz, Benjamin: CNN

 Krupin, David: The Hill

 Krupnik, Kathryn: CBS News

 Kube, Courtney: NBC News

 Kubota, Samantha: WUSA-TV

 Kuhn, Gaspard: Swiss Broadcasting

 Kunitz, Danielle: Washingtonpost.com

 Kurihara, Takeshi: NHK

 Kurtz, Howard: Fox News

 Kurtzleben, Danielle: National Public Radio

 Kurtzman, Alison: I24 News

 Kurzius, Rachel: WAMU

 Kusmez, Kevin: TRT World

 Kvarnkullen, Tomas: Expressen TV

 Kwan, Chi Hai: Shenzhen Media Group (SZMG)

 Kwong, Matthew: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Kyaw, Nayrein: Radio Free Asia

 Kyi, Tsering: Voice of America

 Labella, Michael: Al Jazeera English

 Laboy, Felix: C-SPAN

 Lacey, Donna: Fox News

 Lafever, April: Fox News

 Lamb, Brian: C-SPAN

 Lamb, Deborah: C-SPAN

 Lamb-Atkinson, Grace: CBS News

 Lambert, Guy: WTTG-Fox Television

 Lambert-McMichael, Evan: WTTG-Fox Television

 Lamonica, John: CBN News

 Landers, Elizabeth: Vice News

 Landis, Austin: Scripps News

 Landwehr, Arthur: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Landy, Ekaterina: Al Jazeera English

 Landy, John: BBC

 Lane, Christopher: WETA

 Lane, Keith: Voice of America

 Lane, Samuel: PBS NewsHour

 Langille, Sean: Fox News

 Langley, Kevin: National Public Radio

 Lanningham, Kyle: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Lanningham, Sarah: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Lantry, Lauren: ABC News

 Lanzano, Dario: Fox News

[[Page 1046]]

 Lanzendoerfer, Nancy: WELT N24 German TV

 Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

 Larsen, Gregory: CBS News

 Larson, Benjamin: CBS News

 Larson, Lauren: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 La Rue, Corryn: Rural TV News

 Laslo, Matthew: Laslo Congressional Bureau

 Latendresse, Richard: Groupe TVA

 Latreille, Christian: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Latremoliere, France: NBC News

 Lattie, Winston: FedNet

 Laudiero, Anna: EWTN

 Laughlin, Ara: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Laville, Molly: C-SPAN

 Lawrence, Michael: Senate Radio-TV Gallery

 Lazar, Robert: C-SPAN

 Le, Viet: National Public Radio

 Le, Yen Phuong: Vietv Network

 Leach, Matthew: Fox News

 Leahigh, Pamela: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Leake, Lindsey: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Leaming, Whitney: Washingtonpost.com

 Lebedeva, Natasha: NBC News

 Leblanc, Paul: CNN

 Lebreton, Anne: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Leclair, Matthew: GPI TV

 Lecroy, Lillian: Fox News

 Lecroy, Philip: Fox News

 Leddon, Jerome: C-SPAN

 Lederman, Joshua: NBC News

 Lee, Carol: NBC News

 Lee, Daniel: Voice of America

 Lee, David: BBC

 Lee, Donald: CBS News

 Lee, Ji: CNN

 Lee, Jo Eun: Voice of America

 Lee, Joseph: JTBC

 Lee, Kyu Sang: Radio Free Asia

 Lee, Meredith: PBS NewsHour

 Lee, Min: CNN

 Lee, Sangdo: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

 Lee, Sanghoon: Voice of America

 Lee, Sangmin: Radio Free Asia

 Lee, So-Hyun: Washingtonpost.com

 Lee, Xin-Yi: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Lee, Yihua: Voice of America

 Lee, Jae Won: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Lefrak, Mikaela: WAMU

 Legare, Robert: CBS News

 Legro, Thomas: Washingtonpost.com

 Leidelmeyer, Ronald: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Leidsmar, George: Small House Productions

 Leimbach, Nicholas: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lenchner, Charles: The Real News Network

 Lenghi, Abdul-Mola: CBS News

 Lenihan, Niall: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Lent, David: GPI TV

 Leon, Erika: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Leong, Dexter: CBS News

 Leong, Hsiu: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

 Lesiw, Victoria: Vice News

 Leslie, Katie: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lesser, Howard: Washington Radio And Press Service

 Lester, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

 Leventhal, Jamie: PBS NewsHour

 Levine, Adam: CNN

 Levine, Michael: ABC News

 Levine, Indira: WTTG-Fox Television

 Levinson, James: Fox News

 Levkovich, Denis: Feature Story News

 Levy, Adam: CNN

 Levy, Rebecca: CBS News

 Lewis, Darrell: CBS News

 Lewis, Edward: Fox News

 Lewis, John B.: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Lewis, Kevin: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Lewis, Kimberly: Voice of America

 Lewis, Latavia: CNN

 Lewis, Misha: CNN

 Lewis, Tisha: WTTG-Fox Television

 Lewnes, Lisa: Reuters Radio & TV

 Li, Alice: Washingtonpost.com

 Li, Jingxun: Voice of America

 Li, Yunjin: American Chinese Television (ACT)

 Liao, Xiaoqiang: Radio Free Asia

 Liasson, Mara: National Public Radio

 Libin, Louis: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Lien, Arthur: NBC News

 Lien, Christine: CNN

 Lien, Jonathan: CBS News

 Liffiton, Bruce: CBS News

 Lilleston, Kristi-Sue: WTOP Radio

 Lilling, David: Metro Teleproductions

 Lim, Jong Ju: JTBC

 Lim, Lister: Al Jazeera English

 Lim, Sang: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

 Lim, Dongsoo: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Lin, Chuan: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Linares, Moises: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lindsey, Melvin: ABC News

 Lipman, Melissa: CNN

 Lipson, David: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Liptak, Kevin: CNN

 Lisker, Samuel: Spectrum News

 Lisko, Lisa: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Little, Craig: WTTG-Fox Television

 Littler, Caryn: NBC News

 Littleton, Philip: CNN

 Liu, Libo: Voice of America

 Liu, Senhao: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Livermore, Erin: ABC News

 Ljung, Erik: Al Jazeera English

[[Page 1047]]

 Llargues, Anna: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lloyd, Brian: C-SPAN

 Lloyd, Ian: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Lo, Wai: Radio Free Asia

 Lobianco, Tomas: Laslo Congressional Bureau

 Lobosco, Katherine: CNN

 Lochstampfor, Eric: Scripps News

 Locke, Alexandra: Al Jazeera International

 Lockhart, Kathleen: NBC News

 Loebach, Joseph: NBC News

 Loeschke, Paul: C-SPAN

 Loffman, Matthew: PBS NewsHour

 Logan, Charles: C-SPAN

 Loganathan, Sonikka: CNN

 Lohr, Christopher: Washington Examiner

 Loiaconi, Stephen: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Lokay, James: WTTG-Fox Television

 Loker, Jessica: Fox News

 Londono, Cristina: Telemundo Network

 Long, James: NBC News

 Long-Higgins, Hannah: BBC

 Longo, Adam: WUSA-TV

 Lonsdorf, Katherine: National Public Radio

 Lopez Bolanos, Jazmin: Voice of America

 Lopez-Capera, Dario: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lopez-Pulido, Clara: CNN

 Lopez Reyes, Edwing: Telemundo Network

 Lopez Ruiz, Juan Carlos: CNN

 Lopez Zamorano, Jose: Hispanic Communications Network

 Lora, Edwin: CNN

 Lorenzen, Elizabeth: Native American TV (NATV)

 Lorenzen, Jacob: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

 Lormand, John: SRN News (Salem)

 Low, Harry: BBC

 Low, Scott: Fox News

 Lowery, Stephen: Nexstar Media Group

 Lowie, Zachary: Fox News

 Lowman, Wayne: Fox News

 Lowther, Jason: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Lozada Salgado, Edith: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lozano Villo, Maria Eugenia: TV3-Televisio de Catalunya

 Lu, Liyuan: Voice of America

 Lu, Lucy: Radio Free Asia

 Lu, Tao: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Lucas, Christina: German TV (ARD)

 Lucas, David: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Lucas, Mary Grace: Vice News

 Lucas, Ryan: National Public Radio

 Lucchini, Maria: Univision

 Luhby, Tami: CNN

 Lujan, Brianna: CNN

 Lukas, Jayne: Global TV Canada

 Luke, Colette: Reuters Radio & TV

 Luna, Nathan: ABC News

 Luqman, Jacqueline: The Real News Network

 Lussenhop, Jessica: BBC

 Lutan, Albert: CNN

 Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Radio & TV

 Luviano, Janette: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Luzader, Douglas: Fox News

 Luzi, Iacopo: Voice of America

 Luzquinos, Julio: NBC News

 Lybrand, John: CNN

 Lydick, Sarah: WUSA-TV

 Lyles, Darius: Imagination Media

 Lyn, Brendan: FedNet

 Lynch, Cordelia: Sky News

 Lynch, Shannon: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Lynch, Thomas: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Lynn, Emily: Fox News

 Lynn, Gary: NBC News

 Lynn, Kellye: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Lyon, Daniel: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Lysak, Michael: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Ma, Moqiu: TV Tokyo

 Maass, Allison: Gray Television

 Mabin, Matthieu: France 24

 Macaluso, Michelle: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Macaya, Melissa: Washingtonpost.com

 Macchi, Victoria: Voice of America

 Macfarlane, Scott: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Macgillivray, Graham: CQ / Roll Call

 Machalek, Steven: CNN

 Machles, Maren: Scripps News

 Macholz, Wolfgang: German TV (ZDF)

 Macias, Amanda: CNBC

 Macias, Mitzi: Voice of America

 Macneil, Lachlan Murdoch: ABC News

 Madan, Richard: CTV Canadian TV

 Madden Iv, Nathaniel: Blaze Media

 Madigan, Tracey: Groupe TVa

 Mager, Dickon: Sky News

 Magnus, Anders: Norwegian Broadcasting

 Mague, Anthony: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Mahdi, Ahmed: Al Arabiya TV

 Mahdi, Ali: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Mahtani, Dhanesh: Radio Free Asia

 Maier, Timothy: Talk Media News

 Maile, Amanda: ABC News

 Main, Alison: CNN

 Maina, Njuwa: I24 News

 Maisler, Aaron: Fuji TV Japan

 Majeed, Alicia: NBC News

 Mak, Timothy: National Public Radio

 Makori, Vincent: Voice of America

 Malbon, Joy: CTV Canadian TV

 Malik, Osman: Washingtonpost.com

 Mallin, Alexander: ABC News

 Mallonee, Mary: CNN

 Malloy, Allison: CNN

 Malone, Connor: German TV (ARD)

 Malone, Hannah: NBC News

[[Page 1048]]

 Malone, James: Voice of America

 Maltas, Michael: Fox News

 Malveaux, Suzanne: CNN

 Mammadli, Aytan: Caspian Broadcasting TV

 Mamonov, Roman: Voice of America

 Mancini, Anthony: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Mandelson, Adam: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Manduley, Christina: CNN

 Manley, Nicole: CNN

 Manning, Samantha: Cox Broadcasting

 Mansour, Fadi: Al Jazeera International

 Maqbool, Aleem: BBC

 Marcello, Michele: NBC News

 March, Stephanie: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Marchitto, John: National Public Radio

 Marcucci, John: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Marcum, James: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Maresco, Brian: One America

 Marfil, Judy Grace: Wall Street Journal

 Marin Arteaga, Jesus: WFDC-TV Univision

 Marion, Marvin: Voice of America

 Marks, Benjamin: NHK

 Marks, Simon: Feature Story News

 Marno, Michael: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Marquardt, Alexander: CNN

 Marques, Antonio: CBS News

 Marquez, Maria: Al Jazeera English

 Marquez Marquez, Jessica: EWTN

 Marquis, Melissa: National Public Radio

 Marraco, Marina: WTTG-Fox Television

 Marriott, Marc: NBC News

 Marsh, Mary: ABC News

 Marsh, Michelle: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Marsh, Rene: CNN

 Marshall, Colin: National Public Radio

 Marshall, Miri: WUSA-TV

 Marshall, Serena: ABC News

 Marshall, Steven: CBS News

 Marsic, Mathew: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Martin, Ben: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Martin, Bianca: WAMU

 Martin, David: CBS News

 Martin, Gregory: NBC News

 Martin, Jeffrey: Sightline Media Group

 Martin, Jon: ABC News

 Martin, Joseph: NBC News

 Martin, Michel: National Public Radio

 Martin, Patrick: Washingtonpost.com

 Martin, Rachel: National Public Radio

 Martin, Raquel: Nexstar Media Group

 Martin, Wisdom: WTTG-Fox Television

 Martin Ewing, Samara: WUSA-TV

 Martinez, Angelica: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Martinez, Carlos: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Martinez, Daniel: CNN

 Martinez, Joseph: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Martinez, Luis: ABC News

 Martinez, Mercedes: Al Jazeera English

 Martinez Fierro, Juan: Cope Radio (Spain)

 Martino, Jeffrey: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Martone, James: Sky News Arabia

 Mason, Pamela: CBS News

 Massarelli, Valeria: NTN24

 Massimo, Richard: WTOP Radio

 Masters, Chase: CNN

 Mastrangelo, Dominick: Washington Examiner

 Mastromarino, James: National Public Radio

 Mathis, James: NBC Newschannel

 Mathurin, Jean Michel: Voice of America

 Matkosky, Timothy: Cox Broadcasting

 Matsuyama, Toshiyuki: Fuji TV Japan

 Matthews, Andre: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Matthews, Christopher: NBC News

 Matthews, Lisa: AP-Broadcast

 Matthews, Samuel: Yahoo News

 Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

 Mattingly, Philip: CNN

 Mattout, Charlotte: France 2 Television

 Matza, Max: BBC

 Matzka, Jeffrey: SRN News (Salem)

 Maucione, Scott: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Mauro, Ellen: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Maxwell, Chloe: C-SPAN

 May, Ashley: Al Jazeera English

 Mayk, Lauren: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Mazariegos, Luis: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

 Mazariegos, Mark: CBS News

 Mazrieva, Eva: Voice of America

 Mazza, Mathieu: German TV (ZDF)

 McAleese, Kevin: Feature Story News

 McAlpine, David: Fox News

 McArdle, John: C-SPAN

 McCabe, Neil: One America

 McCabe, Valerie: NBC News

 McCagg, David: NHK

 McCalister, Sharon: National Public Radio

 McCammon, Sarah: National Public Radio

 McCann, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

 McCann, Sean: C-SPAN

 McCarren, Christian: C-SPAN

 McCarthy, Jacqueline: Gray Television

 McCarthy, Kevin: WTTG-Fox Television

 McCarty, Dennis: CBS News

 McCarty, Donald Jay: CBS News

 McClam, Herbert: Al Jazeera English

 McClam, Kevin: EWTN

 McClelland, Brianna: Fox News

 McCloskey, George: Fox News

[[Page 1049]]

 McClure, Tipp: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 McConnell, Dave: WTOP Radio

 McCoo, Cynthia: ABC News

 McCray, Ronnie: CNN

 McCrory, Sarah: Fox News Radio

 McCulloch, Lauren: NBC News

 McCullough, Colin: CNN

 McDaniel, Eric: National Public Radio

 McDermott, Richard: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 McDevitt, Lauren: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 McDonald, Joel: WUSA-TV

 McDonnell, Brigid Mary: Fox News

 McDonough, Constance: Fox News

 McDougald, Tomika: C-SPAN

 McDougall, Ian: NBC News

 McEachern, Cheryl: Fox News

 McEachern, Terrance: Fox News

 McEwan, Erin: Fox News

 McFall, Caitlin: The Daily Caller

 McGarrity, Gerard: C-SPAN

 McGee, Ebony: CNN

 McGehee, Alyssa: EWTN

 McGinniss, Richard: The Daily Caller

 McGonagle, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

 McGrath, Megan: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 McGraw, Meridith: ABC News

 McGreevy, Allen: BBC

 McGregor, Jeanavive: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 McGuire, Gitte: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

 McGuire, James: ABC News

 McHenry, Robert: ABC News

 McIntyre, Colin: Al Jazeera English

 McKee, Caroline: Fox News

 McKee, Michael: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 McKelvey, Tara: BBC

 McKelway, Douglas: Fox News

 McKend, Eva: Spectrum News

 McKinless, Thomas: CQ / Roll Call

 McKinley, Douglas: CNN

 McKinney, Lee: NBC News

 McLaughlin, Elizabeth: ABC News

 McLellan, Daniel: CBS News

 McLellan, Jennifer: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 McLennan, Bradley: Independent Television News (ITN)

 McManus, Maureen: Spectrum News

 McManus, Nicole: NBC Newschannel

 McMenamin, Angelique: ABC News

 McMichael, Samuel: CNN

 McMinn, Nan Hee: AP-Broadcast

 McMorris-Santoro, Evan: Vice News

 McNamara, Cassie: CNN

 McNeil, Tiffany: WUSA-TV

 McPherson, Cecile: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 McQuade, Kathryn: ABC News

 McShane, Connell: Fox Business Network

 Meadows, Jennifer: NBC News

 Mears, William: Fox News

 Mebane, Martinez: ABC News

 Meech, James: CNN

 Meek, James: ABC News

 Mees, John: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Megginson, Abigail: C-SPAN

 Meghani, Sagar: AP-Broadcast

 Meier, Markus: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Melendez-Vela, Milagros: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Mellman, Ira: Voice of America

 Memoli, Michael: NBC News

 Men, Kimseng: Voice of America

 Mercado, D'Juan: TV Asahi

 Meredith, Mark: Fox News

 Merica, Daniel: CNN

 Meriwether, Brooks: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Merkel, Joseph: Scripps News

 Merlano, Juan: Caracol Television

 Mesmer, Nardos: Fox News

 Mesner-Hage, Jesse: Washingtonpost.com

 Metcalfe, Rhoda: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Metelerkamp, Florian: N-TV German News Channel

 Metjian, Julia: NBC News

 Metzger, Justin: C-SPAN

 Meyer, Kellie: Nexstar Media Group

 Meyer, Kerry: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Meza-Martinez, Cecily: National Public Radio

 Mi, Tra: Voice of America

 Mich, Daniel: Washingtonpost.com

 Michael, Nicholas: National Public Radio

 Michaels, Allison: Washingtonpost.com

 Michaud, Robert: Al Jazeera English

 Michel de la Morvonnais, Loic: France 2 Television

 Michell, Erenia: Fox News

 Micklas, Kelsey: CBS News

 Micklos, Gregg: EWTN

 Middleton, Simone: Fox News

 Midura, Kyle: Gray Television

 Mielec, Antonio: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Mikols, Glenn: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Mikutsky, David: NBC News

 Milam, Greg: Sky News

 Miles, Jon: WETA

 Milford, Robert: WELT N24 German TV

 Millar, Christopher: NBC News

 Miller, Alexandra: Scripps News

 Miller, Andrew: C-SPAN

 Miller, Anna: CNN

 Miller, Avery: ABC News

 Miller, Blair: Cox Broadcasting

 Miller, Jason: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Miller, Jon: WTOP Radio

 Miller, Jonathan: Blaze Media

[[Page 1050]]

 Miller, Larry: WUSA-TV

 Miller, Lawrence: European Pressphoto Agency

 Miller, Paul: CNN

 Miller, Timothy: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Miller, William: CBS News

 Millington, Takiha: NBC News

 Mills, Joseph: National Public Radio

 Mills, Katherine: C-SPAN

 Millward, Craig: Cnsnews.com

 Milton Steinfort, Patricia: CBS News

 Minas, Marina: Fox News

 Minott, Gloria: National Scene News

 Minters, Camille: Politico.com

 Mir, Mashaal: Al Jazeera International

 Miran, Alec: CNN

 Miranda, Alexa: CNN

 Miranda Salazar, Juan: Telesur

 Mirsaeedi, Guita: Voice of America

 Mirza, Atthar: Washingtonpost.com

 Mitchell, Adrienne: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Mitchell, Alexander: NBC News

 Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

 Mitchell, Benjamin: CBS News

 Mitchell, Lacrai: CBS News

 Mitchell, Min: Radio Free Asia

 Mitnick, Steven: NBC News

 Mizelle, Shawna: CNN

 Mizroch, Marissa: NBC News

 Mizukami, Takashi: NHK

 Mock, Sarah: Rural TV News

 Mohall, Christopher: Spectrum News

 Mohammed, Linah: Washingtonpost.com

 Moise, Joseph: WTTG-Fox Television

 Molina, Emiliana: NTN24

 Mollaoglu, Muhammed: TRT World

 Moller, Jeffrey: CNN

 Mollet, Melissa: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Molnar, George: WTOP Radio

 Moloney, Mary: CNN

 Monack, David: C-SPAN

 Monange, Arielle: France 2 Television

 Mondora, William: Nexstar Media Group

 Monier, Emmanuelle: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Monroe, Brian: Washingtonpost.com

 Monsalve, Lizeth Juliana: Telemundo Network

 Montague, William: Fox News

 Montanaro, Domenico: National Public Radio

 Montenegro, Lorestina: Telemundo Network

 Montgomery, Tamara: Fox News

 Montoro, Victor: C-SPAN

 Montoya-Galvez, Camilo: CBS News

 Mooar, Brian: NBC Newschannel

 Moore, Andrew: WTOP Radio

 Moore, Elena: National Public Radio

 Moore, Garrett: C-SPAN

 Moore, Jacob: CBN News

 Moore, Oddessey: Fox News

 Moore, Robert: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Moore, Terrence: NBC News Radio

 Moore, William: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Moorer, Willie: Voice of America

 Moorhead, Jeremy: CNN

 Morada, Raymond: NBC News

 Morales, Davone: NBC News

 Morales, Isabel: CNN

 Moran, Jane: BBC

 Moran, Terence: ABC News

 Morano, Edward: CBN News

 Moreno Gomez, Jaime: Caracol Television

 Moreno Vargas, Julio: NTN24

 Morgan, Nancy: WETA

 Moriizumi, Saori: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Morley, Gillian: CBS News

 Morris, Amy: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

 Morris, Julie Asher: TF1-French TV

 Morris, Kylie: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Morris, Michael: Cnsnews.com

 Morris, Peter: CNN

 Morrison, Donald: BBC

 Morrison, James: WAMU

 Morrison, Nadine: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Morrison, Vaughn: AP-Broadcast

 Morse, Julie: CBS News

 Morse, Richard: Fox News

 Mortman, Howard: C-SPAN

 Morton, Daniel: C-SPAN

 Mortreux, Vincent: TF1-French TV

 Mosk, Matthew: ABC News

 Mosley, Matthew: Fuji TV Japan

 Moton, Kenneth: ABC News

 Moutsatsos Morales, Basilio: Televisa News Network

 Movit, Lisa: The Hill

 Moxley, Charles: Senate Radio-TV Gallery

 Moynihan, Mark: Fox News

 Mozaffari, Shaheen: NBC News

 Mozgovaya, Natalia: Voice of America

 Mucha, Sarah: CNN

 Muhammad, Amjad: Al Jazeera International

 Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News

 Muhammad, Seleena: Fox News

 Mui McClintock, Ylan: CNBC

 Muir, Breanna: Washingtonpost.com

 Muir, David: ABC News

 Mulcahy, Bridget: NBC News

 Muldavin, Julia: Al Jazeera International

 Muldoon, Edward: Washingtonpost.com

 Mulholland, Kristopher: WUSA-TV

 Mulligan, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

 Mullis, Steven, Jr.: National Public Radio

 Mullon, Tiffany: NBC News

[[Page 1051]]

 Muncy, Christopher: Dailymail.com

 Munford, Corey: Radio Free Asia

 Munneke, Amy: Fox News

 Munoz, Luis: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Muntean, Peter: WUSA-TV

 Muong, Nareth: Radio Free Asia

 Muriithi, Jonathan: Voice of America

 Murillo, Michael: WTOP Radio

 Murphy, James: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Murphy, John: CBS News

 Murphy, Susan: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Murphy, Terence: C-SPAN

 Murphy, Tim: Fox News

 Murphy, Zoeann: Washingtonpost.com

 Murray, Benjamin: Sightline Media Group

 Murray, Douglas: Cheddar

 Murray, Mark: NBC News

 Murray, Matthew: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Murray, Megan: Fox News

 Murray, Sara: CNN

 Murray, Timothy: Ventana Productions

 Murry, Rosetta: NBC News

 Murtaugh, Peter: BBC

 Muskat, Steven: NBC Newschannel

 Musurlian, Peter: One America

 Mutesa, Mirembe: CNN

 Mwakalyelye, Ndimyake: Voice of America

 Myers, Megan: Fox News

 Myers, Nile: One America

 Mylroie, Laurie: AP-Broadcast

 Myo, July: Radio Free Asia

 Myre, John: National Public Radio

 Nado, Jill: Fox News Radio

 Nagle, Molly: ABC News

 Nagy, Ashraf: Al Jazeera International

 Nagy, Leah: PBS NewsHour

 Naing, Thet: Voice of America

 Najarian, Sarkis: Radio Free Asia

 Najjar, Ruqaiyah: Fox Business Network

 Nalesnick, Brian: CBS News

 Nam, Sooji: NBC News

 Namling, Dondhon: Voice of America

 Nania, Rachel: WTOP Radio

 Nannes, Steven: CNN

 Narahari, Priya: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Narancio, Federica: AP-Broadcast

 Narayan, Vivek: Scripps News

 Narisi, Stephen: WELT N24 German TV

 Nascimento, Aurea: Voice of America

 Nasir, Labib: Reuters Radio & TV

 Nason, Andrew: C-SPAN

 Nasr, Hiba: Sky News Arabia

 Nasser, Mohamed: AP-Broadcast

 Natour, Rhana: PBS NewsHour

 Navarro, Aaron: CBS News

 Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

 Naylor, Robert: Voice of America

 Neal, Jason: NBC News

 Neal, Michelle: NBC News

 Neary, Sean: Voice of America

 Neel, Joe: National Public Radio

 Neely, Brett: National Public Radio

 Neff, Blake: Fox News

 Neff, William: Washingtonpost.com

 Neill, Tara: BBC

 Neloms, Nia: FedNet

 Nelson, Glenn: C-SPAN

 Nelson, James: Fox News

 Nelson, Joseph: Washington Bureau News Service

 Nelson, Marie: ABC News

 Nelson-Schneider, Donna: NBC News

 Neme Garrido, Chaid: WFDC-TV Univision

 Nerska, Alexander: Fox Business Network

 Neto, Joaquim: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Nettles, Meredith: ABC News

 Neubauer, Kristin: Reuters Radio & TV

 Neunan, Megan: Fox News

 Nevel, Paul: WETA

 Neville, Nicholas: CNN

 Nevins, Elizabeth: NBC News

 Newberry, William: NBC Newschannel

 Newell, Carla: Voice of America

 Newhauser, Daniel: Vice News

 Newman, Mary: Politico.com

 Newton, Robin: C-SPAN

 Nguyen, Anh: Fox News

 Nguyen, Anh: Radio Free Asia

 Nguyen, Minh Tuyen: Spectrum News

 Nguyen, Trung: Voice of America

 Nha, Kevin: Voice of America

 Ni, Chia-Hui: TVBS

 Nicci, Nicholette: ABC News

 Nichols, Hans: NBC News

 Nicolaidis, Virginia: Fox News

 Niemann, Stefan: German TV (ARD)

 Nikuradze, David: Rustavi 2 Broadcasting Company

 Niliahmadabadi, Hadi: BBC

 Ninh, Trang: C-SPAN

 Nishikawa, Atsutoshi: NHK

 Nishimoto, Momoca: NHK

 Niv, Ohad: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Nixon, Adam: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Niyazi, Kuerban: Radio Free Asia

 Nneji, Nkechi: NBC News

 Nobles, Ryan: CNN

 Noh, Jung: Radio Free Asia

 Nolan, Bridget: CNN

 Nolasco, Maira: Scripps News

 Nolen, John: CBS News

 Noor, Dharna: The Real News Network

 Norins, Jamie: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Norling, Richard: ABC News

[[Page 1052]]

 Norman, Jeffrey: CNN

 Norris, Courtney: PBS NewsHour

 Norris, Donna: C-SPAN

 Norris, Elise: Fox News

 Norris, James: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Northam, Jackie: National Public Radio

 Novosel, James: NBC News

 Nunez, Jorge: ABC News

 Nunez, Shoshannah: CBN News

 Oakes, Alena: WTTG-Fox Television

 Oat, Michael: CNN

 O'Beirne, Jonathan: CNN

 O'Berry, Donald: Fox News

 Oberti, Ralf: NHK

 O'Brien, Benen: C-SPAN

 O'Brien, David: NBC News

 O'Brien, Lindsey: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 O'Brien-Hosein, Alexi-Noelle: TRT World

 O'Connell, Benjamin: C-SPAN

 O'Connell, Michael: NBC Newschannel

 O'Connell, Rosalie: Voice of America

 O'Connor, Erin: Washingtonpost.com

 O'Day, Andrew: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Odendahl, Eric: CNN

 Odom, Quillie: Fox News

 O'Donnell, Kelly: NBC News

 O'Donnell, Norah: CBS News

 O'Donnell, Patrick: Eye-To-Eye Video

 O'Donoghue, Gary: BBC

 O'Donovan, Brian: RTE-Irish Radio & TV

 Offermann, Claudia: German TV (ZDF)

 O'Gara, Patrick: ABC News

 O'Grady, Andrea: Fox News

 Ogrysko, Nicole: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Ogunfolaju, Babatunde: The Real News Network

 Oh, Esther: NHK

 Oh, Jung S.: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

 O'Hara, Jessica: Fox News

 Okada, Takamori: TV Asahi

 O'Keefe, Kitty: CNN

 O'Keefe, Edward: CBS News

 Olazagasti, Carlos: Hearst Television Inc.

 Olds, Katie: Feature Story News

 Olea Fernandez, Cristina: TVE-Spanish Public Television

 Olick, Diana: CNBC

 Oliger, Brian: WTOP Radio

 Olkhovskaia, Iuliia: Channel One Russian TV

 Ollove, Michael: Stateline

 Olmstead, Charles: NBC News

 Olmstead, Craig: Al Jazeera International

 Olmsted, Alan: C-SPAN

 Olson, Christopher: Vice News

 Olson, Emily: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Olson, Kendra: Fox News

 Omar, Ammad: National Public Radio

 Omar, Angie: France 24

 Omeokwe-Davis, Amarachukwu: National Public Radio

 O'Neil, Jennifer: NBC News

 Oni, Jesusemen: Voice of America

 Onsanit, Rattaphol: Voice of America

 Oo, Thar: Voice of America

 Oo, Thein: Voice of America

 Orchard, Mark: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Ordonez, Francisco: National Public Radio

 O'Regan Schroeder, Deirdra: Washingtonpost.com

 Orellana Canas, Luis: Azteca America

 Orenstein, Jayne: Washingtonpost.com

 Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

 Orlov, Arkadiy: Voice of America

 Ormiston, Susan: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Ortiz, Fabien: TV3-Televisio de Catalunya

 Os, Lars: Norwegian Broadcasting

 Osburn, Lesley: WAMU

 O'Shea, Daniel: ABC News

 Osmani, Woria: AP-Broadcast

 Ostermann, Torben: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Ota, Yusuke: NHK

 Ouafi, Mohamed Said: AP-Broadcast

 Ouellette, Nathan: CQ / Roll Call

 Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

 Overton, Kathi: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Overzat, Gregory: NBC News

 Owen, Andrea: ABC News

 Owen, Quinton: ABC News

 Ozol, Bernard: CBS News

 Ozug, Matthew: National Public Radio

 Pacuraru, Denis: CBN News

 Padial, Maribel: Gray Television

 Padilla, Mercy: Hispanic Communications Network

 Padilla Alvarado, Ivenneth: Univision

 Pagan, Louis: AP-Broadcast

 Page, Paige: Fox News

 Palca, Joseph: National Public Radio

 Palka Minukas, Liz: WUSA-TV

 Pallone, Frank: Fuji TV Japan

 Palmer, Hope: NBC News

 Palmeri, Tara: ABC News

 Palombo, Russell: WPLG-TV10

 Pamias Reichard, Alexandra: Fox News

 Pande, Arunima: Voice of America

 Panetta, Alexander: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Panzer, Chester: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Papinashvili, Aleksandre: Rustavi 2 Broadcasting Company

 Pappas, Raymond: Fox News

 Parangot, Ann: CNN

 Parenti, Alisa: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Park, Calvin: National Public Radio

 Park, Edward: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

 Park, Elizabeth: Fox Business Network

[[Page 1053]]

 Park, Hanbyul: JTBC

 Park, Ji Hee: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Park, Jung-Woo: Radio Free Asia

 Park, Sungho: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

 Parker, Andre: CNN

 Parker, Glenn: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Parker, Marley: CTV Canadian TV

 Parker, Robert: CNN

 Parkinson, John: ABC News

 Parks, John: Washingtonpost.com

 Parks, MaryAlice: ABC News

 Parks, Miles: National Public Radio

 Parnass, Sarah: Washingtonpost.com

 Parr, Stephanie: Fox News

 Parresol, Alexandra: Nexstar Media Group

 Parsell, Robert: Voice of America

 Partsinevelos, Kristina: Fox Business Network

 Pascale, Jordan: WAMU

 Pasha, Firoze: National Public Radio

 Pathammavong, Kingsavanh: Voice of America

 Patience, Keenan: Verizon

 Patrickis, Caroline: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Patruznick, Michael: C-SPAN

 Patsko, Daniel: ABC News

 Patterson, Stephen: CNN

 Paxton, Bradford: Fox News

 Payam, Amir: BBC

 Paylor, Eddie: CNN

 Paz-Goldenheart, Beni: Hispanic Communications Network

 Peaches, Sandra: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Peacock, Grant: GPI TV

 Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Radio & TV

 Pearson, Christopher: Sky News

 Pearson, Leonard: WUSA-TV

 Peck, Christina: National Public Radio

 Pecoraro, Vincent: Spectrum News

 Pecorin, Allison: ABC News

 Peebles, Daniel: CBS News

 Pegues, Jeffrey: CBS News

 Pellerin, Roch: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Pellish, Aaron: CNN

 Peltier, Anthony: AP-Broadcast

 Pena, Alexander: C-SPAN

 Pena, Maria: Telemundo Network

 Pendorf, Felicia: NBC News

 Penman, Margaret: Washingtonpost.com

 Pennell, Elizabeth: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Pennington, Craig: Al Jazeera English

 Pepino, Jason: Al Jazeera English

 Peppers, Gregory: AP-Broadcast

 Pereira, Julia: National Public Radio

 Perera, Katryna: CBS News

 Perez, Anna: Blaze Media

 Perez, Evan: CNN

 Perez, Simone: Vice News

 Pergram, Chad: Fox News

 Peries, Sharmini: The Real News Network

 Perkins, Douglas: Fox News

 Perkins, Vernon: C-SPAN

 Perl, Drora: Galei-Tzahal (Israel Army Radio)

 Perlmutter-Gumbiner, Elyse: NBC News

 Perlow, Rebecca: ABC News

 Perrell, Thomas: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Perry, Clayton: CNN

 Perry, Jessica: Yahoo News

 Perry, Timothy: CBS News

 Persinko, Timothy: Viewpoint Communications

 Persons, Sally: Fox News

 Peruga-Martinez, Alejandro: CNN

 Pessin, Don: Reuters Radio & TV

 Peterson, Beatrice: ABC News

 Peterson, Robert: CBS News

 Petraitis, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

 Petrilli, Daniel: Fox News

 Petrillo, Nicholas: WUSA-TV

 Petrimoulx, Drew: Nexstar Media Group

 Petroka, Katelyn: CNN

 Petromelis, Nicholas: FedNet

 Petrychka, Ruslan: Voice of America

 Pettingell, Dolia: Proyecto Puente

 Pexton, Kenneth: Ventana Productions

 Peyton, Michael: CBS News

 Pezenik, Alexandra: ABC News

 Pfeiffer, Alexander: Fox News

 Phares, Kelly: Fox News

 Phelps, Jordyn: ABC News

 Philipps, Gregory: Radio France

 Philips, Eric: CBN News

 Phillip, Abigail: CNN

 Phillips, Kathryn: ABC News

 Picht, Matthew: Scripps News

 Picket, Kerry: Sirius XM Satellite Radio

 Pickup, Michael: ABC News

 Pierce, Nanako: Al Jazeera International

 Pierre-Louis, Guillaume: The Daily Caller

 Pimienta Hernandez, Alberto: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Pinczuk, Murray: NHK

 Pinczuk, Sam: GPI TV

 Pinto, Susanna: EWTN

 Pinzon, Wingel: Small House Productions

 Pinzon-Contreras, Henry: Small House Productions

 Piotrowski, Luke: Scripps News

 Piper, Allan: Now This News

 Piper, Jeffrey: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Pisczek, Scott: CNN

 Pisnia-Bystriakova, Nataliia: Voice of America

 Pitney, Nicholas: Now This News

 Pitocco, Nickolas: C-SPAN

 Pitti, Edwin: WFDC-TV Univision

 Pizarro, Fernando: Univision

 Plater, Christopher: ABC News

 Plaza, Elizabeth: EWTN

[[Page 1054]]

 Pliszak, Kevin: ABC News

 Ploss, Sarah: NBC News

 Plotnick, Ariel: Washingtonpost.com

 Plummer, Shonequa: Fox News

 Poarch, David: CNN

 Poch, Reasey: Voice of America

 Poindexter, Zoe: CBS News

 Pointer, Jack: WTOP Radio

 Polantz, Katelyn: CNN

 Poley, Michelle: CNN

 Pollock, Richard: One America

 Pollock, Ryan: CNN

 Polmer, Brendan: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Ponnudurai, Parameswaran: Radio Free Asia

 Ponsard, Adrien: TF1-French TV

 Poole, John: National Public Radio

 Pope, Kolin: Washingtonpost.com

 Pope, Michael: Virginia Public Radio

 Popielarz, Taylor: Spectrum News

 Porter, Almon: C-SPAN

 Portnoy, Steven: CBS News

 Posey, Mahlia: Washingtonpost.com

 Posobiec, John: One America

 Post, Megan: Colorado Public Radio

 Postovit, David: Hearst Television Inc.

 Potts, Nina-Maria: Feature Story News

 Potts, Tracie: NBC Newschannel

 Pouladi Najafabadi, Farhad: Voice of America

 Pourshariati, Shapoor: ABC News

 Povich, Elaine: Stateline

 Pov Sok, Khemara: Voice of America

 Powell, Brian: Radio Free Asia

 Powell, Lee: Washingtonpost.com

 Powell-Escobar, Alesia: CBS News

 Powers, Kristen: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Pratapas, Lauren: CNN

 Pratz, Megan: Cheddar

 Pray, Thomas: The Hill

 Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

 Prescott, Willa: CNN

 Preston, Christopher: Vice News

 Preston, Mark: CNN

 Presutti Davison, Carolyn: Voice of America

 Pretorius, Marthinus: NBC News

 Price, Amanda: Al Jazeera English

 Prichard, Matthew: Hearst Television Inc.

 Prifti, Ilir: Al Jazeera English

 Prince, Todd: Radio Free Europe

 Privot, Benjamin: WAMU

 Prokupecz, Shimon: CNN

 Pronko, Anthony: C-SPAN

 Prophet, Ike: ABC News

 Proskow, Jackson: Global TV Canada

 Pruitt, Claude: Scripps News

 Przybyla, Heidi: NBC News

 Pugliese, Pat: CNBC

 Pula, Dardan: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Puljic, Ivica: Al Jazeera English

 Purbaugh, Michael: ABC News

 Purser, Emily: Sky News

 Purvis, Haleigh: WUSA-TV

 Pyatt, Kyle: Scripps News

 Quadrani, Federico: CNN

 Quander, Michael: WUSA-TV

 Quarry, Ralph: CBS News

 Quijano Jovel, Jackeline: WFDC-TV Univision

 Quinn, Clare: C-SPAN

 Quinn, Diana: CBS News

 Quinn, Jason: NBC News

 Quinn, John: Voice of America

 Quinn, Mary: ABC News

 Quinnette, John: NBC News

 Quinonez, Omar: CBS News

 Quinonez Silva, Rosbelis: WFDC-TV Univision

 Quinton, Sophie: Stateline

 Quiroga, Juan: AP-Broadcast

 Rabbe, George: NBC News

 Rabiee, Mana: Reuters Radio & TV

 Rabin, Mark: CBS News

 Rabin Aber, Carrie: CBS News

 Rad, Ali: Fox News

 Radke, Jason: ABC News

 Raffaele, Robert: Voice of America

 Rafferty, Andrew: Scripps News

 Rager, Bryan: CNBC

 Rahn, Richard: CBS News

 Raju, Manu: CNN

 Rama, Padmananda: AP-Broadcast

 Ramanathan, Rajeshwari: Al Jazeera International

 Ramirez, Edwin: Small House Productions

 Ramirez, Marisela: The Hill

 Ramirez, Stephanie: CBS News

 Ramos, Raul: WFDC-TV Univision

 Ramos-Tomeoni, Stephanie: ABC News

 Randle, James: Voice of America

 Rangel, Corey: Scripps News

 Rapela, Daniel: WTTG-Fox Television

 Rashid, Kutaba: Al Jazeera International

 Rashidi, Rahim: AP-Broadcast

 Rathner, Jeffrey: WETA

 Ratliff, Rikki: Blaze Media

 Ratliff, Walter: AP-Broadcast

 Rattansi, Shihab: Al Jazeera English

 Raval, Nikhil: C-SPAN

 Raviv, Daniel: I24 News

 Rawls, Dejah: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Ray, Alonzo: NBC News

 Ray, Douglas: Fox News

 Read, Russel George: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Reber, Susanne: Scripps News

 Reddy, Pallavi: CNN

 Redisch, Stuart: Voice of America

 Redmon, Jonathan: WTTG-Fox Television

 Redmond Morgan, Kuren: C-SPAN

[[Page 1055]]

 Redpath, Julia: National Public Radio

 Rees, Annie: Politico.com

 Reeves, Alea: Al Jazeera English

 Reeves, Austin: WTTG-Fox Television

 Reeves, Tracy: ABC News

 Reffes, Melanie: NHK

 Rego, Alexandra: Fox News

 Rehkopf, George: CBS News

 Reid, Charles: CBS News

 Reid, Paula: CBS News

 Reid, Samuel: Voice of America

 Reidy, Matthew: Fox News

 Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

 Reinhard, Irvin: CBS News

 Reinsel, Edward: Fox News

 Reis, Chester: NBC News

 Reis, Sylvia: WETA

 Reische, Erin: CNN

 Reiss, John: NBC News

 Remillard, Michele: C-SPAN

 Ren, Meixing: AP-Broadcast

 Renaud, Jean: CNN

 Renbaum, Bryan: Talk Media News

 Renfro, Owen: Fox News

 Renken, David: Fox News

 Renner, Solape: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Replogle, Joshua: CNN

 Resnick, Jonathan: Fox Business Network

 Reston, Maeve: CNN

 Reuter, Cynthia: C-SPAN

 Revaz, Philippe: Swiss Broadcasting

 Reverter Baquer, Francesc: TV3-Televisio de Catalunya

 Reyes, Joel: Reuters Radio & TV

 Reynolds, Catherine: CBS News

 Reynolds, Kathleen: WUSA-TV

 Reynolds, Robert: Al Jazeera English

 Reynolds, Talesha: NBC News

 Rhee, Kyung: Radio Free Asia

 Rhoades, Alexandra: I24 News

 Rhodes, Nevin: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Ribas, Jorge: Washingtonpost.com

 Ricalde, Katheryn: Fox News

 Ricciardella, William: Washington Examiner

 Rice, John: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Rice, Shannon: C-SPAN

 Rice, Rodney, Jr.: Verizon

 Richard, Sylvain: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Richardson, Grace: Fox News

 Richardson, Young: One America

 Rickard, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

 Ricker, Jeffrey: Vice News

 Rico, Jorge: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Riddle, Casey: CNN

 Ridley, Lakisha: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Rieger, John Michael: Washingtonpost.com

 Rieger, Wendy: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Riera Parera, Julia: Voice of America

 Riess, Steffanie: German TV (ZDF)

 Riggs, James: NBC News

 Rigizadeh, Stephanie: NBC News

 Rigney, Paul: NBC News

 Riha, Anne Marie: Fox News

 Riley, Justin: Voice of America

 Rion, Chanel: One America

 Rios, Delia: C-SPAN

 Rios-Hernandez, Raul: CNN

 Ritter, Dana: CBN News

 Ritterpusch, Matthew: Vice News

 Rivara, Kayla: The Real News Network

 Rivas, Ivan: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Rivera, Matthew: NBC News

 Rivera, Michelle: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Rivera Garcia, Katherine: WFDC-TV Univision

 Rivera Trinidad, Carlos Daniel: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Rizzo, John: AP-Broadcast

 Robbins, Christina: Fox News

 Robbins, Diana: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Robbins, Francisco: CBS News

 Robbins, Michael: Fox News

 Robert, Olivier: Eye-To-Eye Video

 Roberts, Bryan: WTTG-Fox Television

 Roberts, Corinne: ABC News

 Roberts, Jean Pierre: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Roberts, William: Al Jazeera International

 Robertson, Dominique Genevieve: CNN

 Robertson, Gregory: CNN

 Robertson, John: Fox News

 Robertson, Marcella: WUSA-TV

 Robertson, Patrick: CBN News

 Robinson, Adia: ABC News

 Robinson, David: CNN

 Robinson, Emerald: One America

 Robinson, John: CNN

 Robinson, Kelvin: NBC News

 Robinson, Laura: CNN

 Robinson, Ralph: Voice of America

 Roby, Erin: WUSA-TV

 Roca, Xavier: Swiss Broadcasting

 Rocha, Juan: Ventana Productions

 Rockovich, John: Blaze Media

 Rocque, Tiffany: C-SPAN

 Rodeffer, Mark: C-SPAN

 Rodriguez, Eduardo: AP-Broadcast

 Rodriguez, Janet: Univision

 Rodriguez, Lissette: ABC News

 Rodriguez, Martine: C-SPAN

 Rodriguez, Micaela: CQ / Roll Call

 Rodriguez, Valdemar: NTN24

 Rodriguez, Maya: Scripps News

 Rodriguez Lopez, Marcela: WFDC-TV Univision

 Rogers, David: CNN

 Rogin, Ali: PBS NewsHour

 Rogosin, Joshua: National Public Radio

[[Page 1056]]

 Rohrbaugh, Randolph: C-SPAN

 Rohrbeck, Douglas: Fox News

 Rokus, Brian: CNN

 Rolfes, Ellen: Scripps News

 Roman, Kaitlyn: CBS News

 Romero, Latrice Nadia: CNN

 Romero Juarez, Walter: WFDC-TV Univision

 Rondeau, Micha: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Roof, Peter: NBC Newschannel

 Root, Pathik: Scripps News

 Root, Sean: The Hill

 Root, Thomas: Fox News Radio

 Rosario, Eduardo: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Rosborough, Tiffany: ABC News

 Rosche, Jedd: CNN

 Rose, Art: WTOP Radio

 Rose, Victoria: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Rosen, James: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Rosen, Shari: CNBC

 Rosenberg, Gary: ABC News

 Rosenberg, Howard: CBS News

 Rosenthal, Joshua: WTTG-Fox Television

 Ross, Chloe: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

 Rossetti-Meyer, Misaele: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Ross Taylor, Allyson: CBS News

 Rotella, Audrey: NBC News

 Roth, Samantha-Jo: Spectrum News

 Roth, Theodore: CBS News

 Rothschild, Anna: Washingtonpost.com

 Rousselle, Christine: EWTN

 Roussey, Thomas: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Rowe, Tom: Reuters Radio & TV

 Rowls, Megan: C-SPAN

 Royce-Bartlett, Lindy: CNN

 Royster, Meredith: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Rubashkin, Jacob: NBC News

 Rubin, Olivia: ABC News

 Rudd, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Ruff, Jennifer: C-SPAN

 Ruffini, Christina: CBS News

 Ruffini, Joseph: CBS News

 Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

 Rushing, Ian: CBN News

 Rushing, Joshua: Al Jazeera English

 Ruskin, Elizabeth: Alaska Public Radio Network / Alaska Public Media

 Russell, Carmen: The Real News Network

 Russell, Eugene: WTTG-Fox Television

 Russell, James: Voice of America

 Rwema, Edward: Voice of America

 Ryan, April: Aurn

 Ryan, Bruce: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Ryan, Kate: WTOP Radio

 Rydell, Mary Kate: CBS News

 Ryntjes, Daniel: Feature Story News

 Rysak, Francis: WTTG-Fox Television

 Saakov, Rafael: Voice of America

 Saavedra, Tupac: Al Jazeera International

 Sabol, Tracy: EWTN

 Sadighi, Shahla: Voice of America

 Saeed, Sana: Al Jazeera International

 Saenz, Katherine: CNN

 Sagalyn, Daniel: PBS NewsHour

 Said, Samira: CBS News

 Saine-Spang, Cynthia: Voice of America

 Sajaia, Nana: Voice of America

 Sakamoto, Rex: Now This News

 Sakowska, Magdalena: TV Polsat

 Saks, Lauren: Washingtonpost.com

 Salazar, Sulema: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Salenetri, Mia: WUSA-TV

 Salim, Yuni: Voice of America

 Sallet, Oliver: Deutsche Welle TV

 Salman, Sara: Al Jazeera International

 Saloomey, Kristen: Al Jazeera English

 Salvatierra, Rodrigo: Vice News

 Sammon, William: Fox News

 Sampaio, Carlos: C-SPAN

 Sampson, Thomas: AP-Broadcast

 Sampy, David: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Samuel, Charles: Verizon

 Samuel, Stacey: National Public Radio

 Samuels, Elyse: Washingtonpost.com

 Samuels, Genienne: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Sanchez, Boris: CNN

 Sanchez, George: ABC News

 Sanchez, Pablo: Univision

 Sanchez, Stephen: CBS News

 Sanchez-Bonmati, Damian: Al Jazeera International

 Sanchez Cruz, Rafael: WFDC-TV Univision

 Sanders, Molly: C-SPAN

 Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

 Sandiford, Michele: C-SPAN

 Sandoval, Hillary: Fox Business Network

 Sands-Sadowitz, Geneva: CNN

 Sandza, Allison: NBC News

 Sanfuentes, Jose: CNN

 Sanfuentes, Lisa: CNBC

 Sanli, Tuna: TRT

 Sansone, Amanda: CNN

 Santa-Rita, Joad: Voice of America

 Santayana, Michelle: CNN

 Santucci, John: ABC News

 Saracho De Meraz, Dinah Luis: Grupo Radio Centro

 Sargeant, Nancy: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Sargis, Joseph: Fox News

 Sarlin, Benjamin: NBC News

 Sasaki, Tomoaki: ABC News

 Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

 Satterfield, John: WETA

 Satterfield, Kolbie: WUSA-TV

 Saunders, Alexis: NBC News

 Saunders, John: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Savage, Craig: Fox News

[[Page 1057]]

 Savage, Hamid: Fox News

 Savchenko, Yulia: Voice of America

 Savchuk, Dmitriy: Voice of America

 Savoy, Gregory: Reuters Radio & TV

 Say, Mony: Voice of America

 Sayed, Amr: Al Jazeera International

 Sayilgan, Barbaros: TRT World

 Scanlan, Quinn: ABC News

 Scanlan, William: C-SPAN

 Scanlon, Bridget: C-SPAN

 Scanlon, Katherine: EWTN

 Scannell, Kara: CNN

 Scarbrough, Dominique: WAMU

 Scarnato, David: WUSA-TV

 Schachtel, Jordan: Blaze Media

 Schantz, Douglas: CNN

 Schantz, Kristine: Scripps News

 Schapitl, Lexie: National Public Radio

 Scharf, Jason: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Scheimer, Dorey: Cox Broadcasting

 Schelfhout, Cosima: BBC

 Scheuer, John: CNN

 Schick, Camilla: CBS News

 Schiff, Brian: Voice of America

 Schifrin, Nicholas: PBS NewsHour

 Schlegel, Barry: ABC News

 Schlenker, Aungthu: Radio Free Asia

 Schloemer, Hans-Peter: German TV (ZDF)

 Schmerling, Stacey: NBC News

 Schmidt, Harlan: CNN

 Schmidt, Matthew: Fox News Radio

 Schmitz, Leonard: CBS News

 Schneider, Amy: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Schneider, Edward: Voice of America

 Schneider, James: WETA

 Schneider, Jessica: CNN

 Schoenmann, Donald: Eye-To-Eye Video

 Schoenmann, Jacob: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Scholer, Mee: ABC News

 Schonberger, Jennifer: Fox Business Network

 Schottle, John: WETA

 Schreiber, Sebastian: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Schrobsdorff, Ingalisa: WAMU

 Schrum, Bart: Voice of America

 Schubauer, Katharine: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Schular, Elizabeth: Blaze Media

 Schultz, Kyley: WUSA-TV

 Schultz, Marisa: Fox News

 Schultze, Emily: ABC News

 Schuster, Mark: CBS News

 Schwartz, Brian: CNBC

 Schwartz, Chad: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Schwarzkopf, Steffen: WELT N24 German TV

 Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

 Schweitzer, Allison: WAMU

 Sciacca, Joseph: Fox News

 Sciutto, James: CNN

 Scott, Beth: NBC News

 Scott, Gurnal: Fox News Radio

 Scott, Rachel: ABC News

 Scott, Raquel: CNN

 Scritchfield, Andrew: NBC News

 Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

 Scuiletti, Justin: Washingtonpost.com

 Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

 Seabrook, Willliam: WETA

 Seaby, Gregory: CNN

 Seales, Chance: Scripps News

 Searles, David: ABC News

 Sears, Carl: NBC News

 See, Patrice: German TV (ZDF)

 Seem, Thomas: CBS News

 Segears, Leon: EWTN

 Segers, Grace: CBS News

 Segovia Reche, Bricio: Voice of America

 Segraves, Mark: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Seib, Gerald: Wall Street Journal

 Seidman, Jesse: Vice News

 Seidman, Joel: NBC News

 Seifert, Jan: German TV (ZDF)

 Seipel, Arnold: National Public Radio

 Seitz-Wald, Alexander: NBC News

 Seium, Michael: Small House Productions

 Sejima, Ryutaro: Fuji TV Japan

 Seldin, Jeffrey: Voice of America

 Selyukh Pickeral, Alina: National Public Radio

 Semler, Ashley: BBC

 Sen, Shreya: TRT World

 Sens, Eleonore: Agence France Presse (AFP-TV)

 Seo, Hye Jun: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Seo, Ja Ryen: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Seo, Jiyoung: Korean Broadcasting Systems

 Serbu, Jared: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Serfaty, Sunlen: CNN

 Sergi, Samantha: ABC News

 Serrano, Randy: Telemundo Network

 Serrano Quintero, Monica: CNN

 Setsang, Pema: Voice of America

 Severson, Theodore: CNN

 Sevilla, Maria: NBC News

 Sevilla Garcia, Francisco: TVE-Spanish Public Television

 Sexton, James: The Hill

 Seyler, Matthew: ABC News

 Seytoff, Alim: Radio Free Asia

 Sganga, Nicole: CBS News

 Shabad, Rebecca: NBC News

 Shaffir, Gregory: CBS News

 Shaffir, Kimberlee: CBS News

 Shalhoup, Joseph: NBC News

 Shammo, Hakim: Voice of America

 Shannon, Michael: ABC News

 Shapiro, Ari: National Public Radio

 Sharief, Islam: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

[[Page 1058]]

 Sharma, Bhupinder: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Sharp, Duncan: Sky News

 Shaw, David: Politico.com

 Shaw, Joseph: Reuters Radio & TV

 Shaw, Lawrence: ABC News

 Shawley, Garrett: Blaze Media

 Shaylor, John: CNN

 Sheerin, Jude: BBC

 Shefte, Whitney: Washingtonpost.com

 Sheikh, Ayan: Al Arabiya TV

 Shelton, Nina: C-SPAN

 Shelton, Steven: Fox News

 Shepard, Ryan: ABC News

 Sheppard, Markette: WUSA-TV

 Sheridan, Chris: Al Jazeera English

 Sherman, Roger: Voice of America

 Sherwin, Travis: Hearst Television Inc.

 Sherzai, Magan: PBS NewsHour

 Shibaki, Tomokazu: Fuji TV Japan

 Shields, Daniel: Fox News Radio

 Shihab-Eldin, Ahmed: Al Jazeera International

 Shikaki, Muna: Al Arabiya TV

 Shimabukuro, Albert: WTOP Radio

 Shimizu, Jumpei: Nippon TV Network

 Shine, Tom: ABC News

 Shire, Robert: German TV (ARD)

 Shirley, Trevor: Nexstar Media Group

 Shitama, Colby: CBS News

 Shivaram, Deepa: NBC News

 Shlemon, Christopher: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Shoffner, Harry: NHK

 Shoichet, Catherine: CNN

 Shore, Zachary: WTOP Radio

 Shortell, David: CNN

 Shull, Roger: Reuters Radio & TV

 Shure, Michael: I24 News

 Shutt, Charles: WUSA-TV

 Sicile, James: ABC News

 Sidi, Mawal: CNN

 Sieg, Setareh: Voice of America

 Siegel, Benjamin: ABC News

 Siegel, David: CNN

 Siegfriedt, Anita: Fox News

 Sikka, Madhulika: Washingtonpost.com

 Sills, Cecil John: NBC Newschannel

 Silva Llancaleo, Juan: TRT World

 Silva-Pinto, Daniel: TV Globo International

 Silva-Pinto, Luis: TV Globo International

 Silver, Quentin: NBC News

 Silverman, Arthur: National Public Radio

 Simkins, George: Voice of America

 Simmons, Jamal: The Hill

 Simmons, Sarah: WTTG-Fox Television

 Simmons-Duffin, Selena: National Public Radio

 Simms, Jeffery: CNN

 Simon, Matthew: Scripps News

 Simons, Sasha-Ann: WAMU

 Simons, Stefan: German TV (ZDF)

 Simpson, April: Stateline

 Simpson, Janet: ABC News

 Simpson, Jennifer: CNN

 Simpson, Kathryn: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Sinclair, Caitlin: One America

 Sinderbrand, Rebecca: NBC News

 Sinn, Rebecca: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Sipos, Joseph: Voice of America

 Sitz, Lindsey: Washingtonpost.com

 Siu, Benjamin: ABC News

 Skeans, Ronald: BBC

 Skeele, Erin: Hearst Television Inc.

 Skokowski, Christopher: NBC Newschannel

 Skomal, Paul: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Skopek, Aaron: NBC News

 Slansky, Heike: German TV (ZDF)

 Slater, Edward: ABC News

 Slavica, Branka: HRT / Croatian Radio Television

 Sleiman, William: Fox News

 Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

 Slie, Charles: NBC News

 Sliman, Mostafa: APTVS-American Press & TV Services

 Sloan, David: Regional News Network (RNN)

 Sloane, Ward: CBS News

 Small, Matthew: AP-Broadcast

 Small, Taurean: Spectrum News

 Smalley, Suzanne: Yahoo News

 Smit, Cristina: Voice of America

 Smith, Aaron: WTOP Radio

 Smith, Andrew: CNN

 Smith, Anthony: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Smith, Brian: WETA

 Smith, Cassano: NBC News

 Smith, Christie: NBC Newschannel

 Smith, Cory: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Smith, Cynthia: ABC News

 Smith, Ethan: Fox News

 Smith, Felicia: AP-Broadcast

 Smith, James: ABC News

 Smith, Jason: Fox News

 Smith, Jordan-Marie: Washingtonpost.com

 Smith, Kristin: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Smith, Lindley: C-SPAN

 Smith, Megan: Scripps News

 Smith, Michelle: CNN

 Smith, Nicholas: WTTG-Fox Television

 Smith, Oliver: BBC

 Smith, Phillip: CNBC

 Smith, Sara: NBC News

 Smith, Scott: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Smith, Terrance: NBC News

 Smith, Tyler: Gray Television

 Smoot, Kelly: CNN

 Smysom, Osamah: Sky News Arabia

[[Page 1059]]

 Smyth, Christopher: Hearst Television Inc.

 Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

 Snell, Kelsey: National Public Radio

 So, Linda: Reuters Radio & TV

 Sobocinski, Matthew: USA Today

 Soe, Khin Maung: Radio Free Asia

 Soete, Koen: Dutch TV & Radio (NOS)

 Sohn, Seokmin: Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)

 Sokolov, Sergey: Voice of America

 Soley, Joan: BBC

 Solorzano, Gilbert: NBC News

 Soltani, Leili: Voice of America

 Soltis, David: CNBC

 Sonmez, Zumrut: TRT World

 Sonn, Courtney: Hearst Television Inc.

 Sonnheim, Jon: Cox Broadcasting

 Sopel, Jonathan: BBC

 Sorenson, Benjamin: C-SPAN

 Sotomayor, Marianna: NBC News

 Soucy, Peggy: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Southee, Haley: C-SPAN

 Spaht, Erin: WUSA-TV

 Spangenberg, Andrew: EWTN

 Spears, John: FedNet

 Speck, Bruce Alan: C-SPAN

 Spector, Teresa: Fox News

 Speer, John: National Public Radio

 Speiser, Matthew: PBS NewsHour

 Speiser, Tess: NBC News

 Spencer, Kim Darcy: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Spevak, Joseph: WTTG-Fox Television

 Spiegler, Theodore: CBS News

 Spodak, Cassandra: CNN

 Sprunt, Barbara: National Public Radio

 Spunt, David: Fox News

 Squitieri, Thomas: Talk Media News

 Sreng, Leakhena: Voice of America

 Stanczyk, Rafal: TVP Polish Television

 Stanczyk-Pinkwart, Joanna: TVP Polish Television

 Stang, Annette: NBC News

 Stansfield, John: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Starddard, Donna: AP-Broadcast

 Starikoff, Gary: C-SPAN

 Stark, Elizabeth: CNN

 Starr, Barbara: CNN

 Starrs, Jennifer: Washingtonpost.com

 Statler, James: C-SPAN

 Staton, Montre: WTTG-Fox Television

 Staton, Thomas: ABC News

 Stead, Scott: CNN

 Steakin, William: ABC News

 Steck, Emily: CNN

 Stein, Cari: To The Contrary (Persephone Productions)

 Stein, Rob: National Public Radio

 Steinberger, Daniel: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Stephens, Mark: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Stevens, Seneca: Fox News

 Stevenson, John: CNN

 Stevenson, Peter: Washingtonpost.com

 Stewart, Andrew: SRN News (Salem)

 Stewart, Briana: ABC News

 Stewart, Ian: National Public Radio

 Stewart, Kyle: NBC News

 Stewart, Robin: Ventana Productions

 Stiles, Victoria: EWTN

 Stirewalt, Christopher: Fox News

 Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

 St. James, Greg: C-SPAN

 St. Jean, Johnny: C-SPAN

 St. John, Jonathan: Fox Business Network

 Stockert, Natalie: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Stoddard, Mark: ABC News

 Stoddard, Richard: C-SPAN

 Stoddart, Michelle: ABC News

 Stone, Evie: National Public Radio

 Stone Evans, Jessica: Fox Business Network

 St. Onge, Derek: CNN

 St-Onge Fleurant, Paul: CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)

 Stopar, Andrej: RTV Slovenija

 Storkel, Scott: Voice of America

 Storms, Leslie: NBC News

 Stout, Matthew: Fox News

 Stracqualursi, Veronica: CNN

 Strain, Eric: Fox News

 Strand, Paul: CBN News

 Strasser, Franz: BBC

 Straub, Noelle: Stateline

 Street, Eileen: NBC News

 Streeter, Rodney: ABC News

 Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

 Strickler, Laura: NBC News

 Stringer, Ashley: CNBC

 Strissel, Timothy: ABC News

 Strolle, Margaret: C-SPAN

 Strong, Amber: Scripps News

 Strong, David: CBS News

 Stuard, Christopher: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Stubbs, James: NBC News

 Stuhlmacher, Steven: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Stumpf, Kaitlin: EWTN

 Styles, Hannah: One America

 Styles, Julian: AP-Broadcast

 Suarez, Fernando: CBS News

 Suarez, Sara: WFDC-TV Univision

 Subramaniam, Tara: CNN

 Subramanian, Courtney: BBC

 Sucherman, David: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Suddeth, James: Fox News

 Suddeth, Richard: Fox News

 Sugg, Anna: CBS News

 Suiters, Katherine: Cox Broadcasting

 Sullivan, Katherine: CNN

 Sullivan, Laura: National Public Radio

 Sullivan, Rebecca: National Public Radio

[[Page 1060]]

 Summers, Kelly: Fox News

 Summers, Patrick: Fox News

 Sun, Ding: Xinhua

 Suner, Rebecca: France 2 Television

 Sung, Shenghua: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Suphaphon, Songphot: Voice of America

 Sutherland, Rachel: Fox News Radio

 Suto, Ena: TV Asahi

 Svahn, Nina: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

 Svoboda, Sarah: BBC

 Swain, Susan: C-SPAN

 Swalec, Andrea: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Swanson, Carl: Voice of America

 Sway, Aung: Voice of America

 Sweeney, Robert: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Sweeney, Sam: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Sweet, David: Fox News

 Swezey, Christian: EWTN

 Swicord, Jeffrey: Voice of America

 Swinhart, Amanda: CNN

 Sylvester, John: Fox News Radio

 Symanski, Mary: C-SPAN

 Szypulski, Tom: Al Jazeera English

 Tabet, Joseph: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Tadelman, Samantha: Cheddar

 Takaba, Yusuke: TV Asahi

 Takahashi, Yoshiyuki: TV Tokyo

 Talbot, Haley: NBC News

 Tam, Ruth: WAMU

 Tamary, Gil: Channel 10 Israel

 Tamerlani, George: Reuters Radio & TV

 Tan, Yixiao: Xinhua

 Tanaka, Hikari: Nippon TV Network

 Tanaka, Kentaro: NHK

 Tanis, Fatma: National Public Radio

 Tanner, Dustin: CNN

 Tanno, Kiyoshi: NHK

 Tapper, Jacob: CNN

 Tarhan, Erkan: TRT

 Tartaglia, Louis: Fox News

 Tashi, Yeshi: Radio Free Asia

 Tate, Simon: Al Jazeera English

 Tatum, Samuel: Radio One

 Tatum, Sophia: ABC News

 Tausche, Kayla: CNBC

 Tavana, Kambiz: Voice of America

 Tavcar, Erik: Spectrum News

 Tawfik, Nada: BBC

 Tayier, Hamuti: Radio Free Asia

 Taylor, Christina: C-SPAN

 Taylor, Daron: Washingtonpost.com

 Taylor, Jacqueline: Fox News

 Taylor, Jessica: National Public Radio

 Taylor, Kimberly: CBN News

 Taylor, Russell: CNN

 Taylor, Scott: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Tea, Brandon: CBS News

 Teasdale, Millicent: Independent Television News (ITN)

 Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

 Teichmann, Torsten: German Public Radio (ARD)

 Tejera, Richard: ABC News

 Tejerina, Pilar: Al Jazeera English

 Temin, Thomas: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Tennant, Gerald: National Public Radio

 Tenney, Garrett: Fox News

 Terpstra, Patrick: Scripps News

 Terrel, Michael: NBC News

 Terrelonge-Stone, Shomari: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Tessler, Barton: Westwood One

 Tetrashvili, Alexander: Channel One Russian TV

 Tevault, Neil David: National Public Radio

 Tha, Kyaw: Voice of America

 Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

 Theisen, Michael: Voice of America

 Theodorou, Christine: ABC News

 Thevessen, Andrea: German TV (ZDF)

 Thevessen, Elmar: German TV (ZDF)

 Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

 Thomas, Bert: NBC News

 Thomas, Christopher: Spectrum News

 Thomas, Elizabeth: ABC News

 Thomas, Haley: BBC

 Thomas, James: Now This News

 Thomas, Pierre: ABC News

 Thomas, Sharahn: National Public Radio

 Thomas, Shari: ABC News

 Thomas, Shawna: Vice News

 Thomas, Stephanie: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Thompson, Joseph: One America

 Thompson, Mallory: CNN

 Thompson, Ronald: Radio One

 Thorne, Clifford: Washington Bureau News Service

 Thornes, Troy: CBS News

 Thornton, David: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Thornton, Thomas: ABC News

 Thorp, Frank: NBC News

 Thorp, Tamara: CNN

 Thueringer, Tamara: C-SPAN

 Thuman, Scott: Sinclair Broadcast Group

 Tichawonna, Sowande: Imagination Media

 Tidmarsh, Kevin: National Public Radio

 Tikare, Olutayo: One America

 Tiller, Arthur: C-SPAN

 Tillett, Emily: CBS News

 Tillman, Zeplyn: Radio One

 Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

 Tilve, Priyanka: Al Jazeera International

 Tin, Alexander: CBS News

 Tinaz, Baybora: TRT

 Titus, Rhea: WUSA-TV

 Tobianski, Sarah: Fox News

 Tobias Delgado, Gessel: Voice of America

 Todd, Charles: NBC News

 Tolliver, Terri: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 1061]]

 Tomlinson, Lucas: Fox News

 Tomy, Serge: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Tone, Joseph: Vice News

 Toombs, Zachary: Scripps News

 Torres, Mari: CNN

 Torres-Garcia, Armando: ABC News

 Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

 Touhey, Noel: C-SPAN

 Tracey, Bree: Fox News

 Tracy, Benjamin: CBS News

 Trainor, Thomas: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Tram, Thanh: CNN

 Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

 Trams, Ines: German TV (ZDF)

 Tran, Hoa Ai: Radio Free Asia

 Travers, Karen: ABC News

 Travis, Alexandra: Scripps News

 Traynham, Peter: CBS News

 Trevelyan, Laura: BBC

 Triantafillides, Demetrea: NBC News

 Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

 Trice, Ayesha: National Public Radio

 Trindade, Angelica: CNN

 Trujillo, Ashlee: NBC News

 Tsao, Yufen: Radio Free Asia

 Tserenbaljid, Uyanga: German TV (ZDF)

 Tsirkin, Julia: NBC News

 Tucker, Caroline: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Tucker, Elke: German TV (ZDF)

 Tucker, William: Washingtonpost.com

 Tulachom, Pinitkarn: Voice of America

 Tull, Cameron: NBC News

 Tunnard, Frederica: NBC News

 Tuohey, Kenneth: CNN

 Turman, Jack: CBS News

 Turner, Christopher: CNN

 Turner, Geoff: CBS News

 Turner, Gillian: Fox News

 Turner, Hayley: Fox News

 Turner, James: AP-Broadcast

 Turner, Melanie: NBC News

 Turner, Mikea: WUSA-TV

 Turner, Patricia: ABC News

 Turner, Taylor: Washingtonpost.com

 Turner, Tyrone: WAMU

 Turrell, Elizabeth: CNN

 Tuss, Adam: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Tyler, Brett: CNN

 Ubeda-Carulla, Anna Maria: TVE-Spanish Public Television

 Ucciardo, Frank: TRT World

 Uceda, Claudia: Univision

 Uhl, Kim: CNN

 Uitz-Dallinger, Robert: Austrian Radio & TV (ORF)

 Ulbrich-Strothe, Sabine: WELT N24 German TV

 Uliano, Dick: WTOP Radio

 Ulloa Ramirez, Victor: CBS News

 Umeh, Maureen: WTTG-Fox Television

 Umrani, Anthony: CNN

 Uprety, Sharmila: Sagarmatha Television

 Upton, Emily: Sky News

 Urbanski, Tina: NBC News

 Urbina, Luis: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Ure, Laurie: CNN

 Uribe, Juvenal: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Usero, Adriana: Washingtonpost.com

 Usher, Barbara: BBC

 Utz, Anthony: National Public Radio

 Vaeth-Levin, Benjamin: Viewpoint Communications

 Vahramian, Agnes: France 2 Television

 Vakil, Caroline: NBC News

 Valdez, Ariel: WAMU

 Valencia, Eric: CBN News

 Valentine, Catherine: CNN

 Valentine, Michael: WUSA-TV

 Valerio, Michael: WUSA-TV

 Vales, Tara: CNN

 Valladares Perez, Carolina: Voice of America

 Vallice, Christina: Wall Street Journal

 Vance, Denise: AP-Broadcast

 Van Cleave, Kristopher: CBS News

 Vandercook, Rebecca: CBS News

 Van Der Horst, Arjen: Dutch TV & Radio (NOS)

 Vander Veen, Paul: WETA

 Van Haren, Joel: Al Jazeera English

 Vanlaere, Kathryn: Fox News

 Vann, Matthew: ABC News

 Van Susteren, Greta: Voice of America

 Varelas, Thalia: WFDC-TV Univision

 Vargas, Carlos: AP-Broadcast

 Vargas, Julia: Univision

 Varner, Jesse: WUSA-TV

 Vasilogambros, Matthew: Stateline

 Vasquez, Jennifer: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Vasquez Ramirez, Cristobal: Caracol Radio

 Vaughan, Scott: Reuters Radio & TV

 Vaughn, Michael: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Vazquez, Maegan: CNN

 Vega Urreta, Javier: Telemundo Network

 Vega Yudico, Andrea: NHK

 Velarde, Luis: Washingtonpost.com

 Vera, Dennis: CBS News

 Vera Rojas, Jaime: AP-Broadcast

 Verdugo, Adam: CBS News

 Verhovek, John: ABC News

 Vermaak, Dawid: CNN

 Ververs, Vaughn: NBC News

 Vestal, Christine: Stateline

 Viers, Dana: ABC News

 Vigil, Marcos: ABC News

 Vilas Delgado, Carlos: European Pressphoto Agency

 Vilen, Paula: Finnish Broadcasting Company (YLE)

 Villone, Patricia: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Vinson, Bryce: Fox News

 Viqueira, Michael: NBC News

[[Page 1062]]

 Virji, Anar: Al Jazeera English

 Visioli, Christopher: Fox News

 Visley, Andrew: AP-Broadcast

 Vitale, Joseph: Voice of America

 Vitali, Alexandra: NBC News

 Vitka, William: WTOP Radio

 Vitorovich, Susan: NBC News

 Vittal, Jeevan: Spectrum News

 Vittert, Leland: Fox News

 Vizcarra Coloma, Mario: Univision

 Vodopivec, Tamara: RTV Slovenija

 Vogel, Philip: Fox News

 Vollmer, Charles: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Von Bonsdorff, Juri: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Von Nahmen, Alexandra: Deutsche Welle TV

 Vossekuil, Matthew: CNN

 Vosti, Andrea: Swiss Broadcasting

 Vowell, Nicole: Scripps News

 Vu, Doanh: Vietv Network

 Vu, Tu: CNN

 Vuokko, Mikko: Deutsche Welle TV

 Vurnis, Ambrose: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Wagener, Joseph: WTTG-Fox Television

 Wagner, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

 Wait, Kevin: National Public Radio

 Wakeam, Kira: PBS NewsHour

 Waldenberg, Samantha: CNN

 Walker, Amanda: Sky News

 Walker, Jackie Lyn: ABC News

 Walker, James: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Walker, William: CBS News

 Wallace, Christopher: Fox News

 Wallace, Gregory: CNN

 Wallace, John: Fox News

 Wallace, Neil: Fox News

 Walsh, Deirdre: National Public Radio

 Walsh, Kelsey: ABC News

 Walsh, Mary: CBS News

 Walter, Charles: Eurovision Americas, Inc.

 Walters, Amy: Al Jazeera International

 Walters, Gregory: Vice News

 Walters, Taylor: Fox News

 Walz, Julia: WELT N24 German TV

 Walz, Mark: CNN

 Wang, Bingru: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Wang, Jianying: Radio Free Asia

 Wang, Taofeng: AP-Broadcast

 Wang, Tianyi: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Wang, Xiaoquan: Radio Free Asia

 Wang, Yang: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Wang, Youyou: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Wangchuk, Tamdin: Radio Free Asia

 Wangchuk, Tashi: Radio Free Asia

 Waqfi, Wajd: Al Jazeera International

 Ward, Derrick: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Ward, Donald: Fox News

 Ward, Kevin: CBS News

 Ward, Melissa: WUSA-TV

 Warfield, Marcel: WUSA-TV

 Warner, Quinn: NBC News

 Warner, Tarik: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Warren, Michael: CNN

 Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

 Washington, Erick: CBS News

 Washington, Ervin: CNBC

 Washington-Anderson, Robert: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Waters, Carlos: Wall Street Journal

 Watkins, Eli: CNN

 Watkins, Nicholas: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Watrud, Donald: WTTG-Fox Television

 Watson, Eleanor: CBS News

 Watson, Kathryn: CBS News

 Watson, Owen: Al Jazeera English

 Watson, Warren: GPI TV

 Watters, Gemma: National Public Radio

 Watts, Elizabeth: Al Jazeera International

 Watts, Lindsay: WTTG-Fox Television

 Webster, Aaron: Fox News

 Webster, Ferlon: WUSA-TV

 Wee, Misha: NBC News

 Weekes, Michael: Reuters Radio & TV

 Wehinger, Amy: Fox News

 Wei, Chang: Hong Kong Phoenix Satellite Television

 Weinbloom, Henry: Fox News Radio

 Weiner, Cydney: NBC News

 Weinstein, Richard: C-SPAN

 Weinstock, Roy: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Weir, John: NBC News

 Weiss, Ellen: Scripps News

 Welch, Emily: CNN

 Welker, Kristen: NBC News

 Weller, George: NBC News

 Wellford, Rachel: PBS NewsHour

 Wellons, Mary: CNBC

 Wells, Dylan: CNN

 Welna, David: National Public Radio

 Welsh, Meghan: Fox News

 Werdel, Amna: PBS NewsHour

 Werner, Katharina: BBC

 Werner, Michaela: German TV (ARD)

 Werschkul, Benjamin: Yahoo News

 Wessinger, Kelli: National Public Radio

 Westerman, Ashley: National Public Radio

 Westfall, Richard: CBN News

 Westhrin, Veronica: Norwegian Broadcasting

 Westin, David: Bloomberg Radio & TV

 Westwood, Sarah: CNN

 Wexler, Casey: NBC Newschannel

 Wheeler, Brian: Vice News

 Whelan, Catherine: National Public Radio

 Whitaker, Ginger: WTOP Radio

[[Page 1063]]

 White, Bria: WUSA-TV

 White, Eric: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 White, Jennifer: NHK

 White, Mark: CBS News

 Whiteman, Caroline: Fox News

 Whitfield, Christopher: Westwood One

 Whitley, John: CBS News

 Whitley, Walter: Fox News

 Whitley-Berry, Victoria: National Public Radio

 Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau News Service

 Whitson, Ricardo: CBS News

 Whittington, Christopher: NBC News

 Whong, Eugene: Radio Free Asia

 Whyte, Scarlette: CBS News

 Wick, Jeffrey: Scripps News

 Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

 Wiener, Jamie: CNN

 Wiernicki, Anna: Nexstar Media Group

 Wiersema, Alisa: ABC News

 Wiggins, Christopher: NBC Newschannel

 Wiggins, Dion: WUSA-TV

 Wik, Snorre: Vice News

 Wilde, Winston: NBC News

 Wiley, Robert: GPI TV

 Wilk, Wendy: Hearst Television Inc.

 Wilkes, Douglas: WTTG-Fox Television

 Wilkie Sumner, Christina: CNBC

 Wilkins, Tracee: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Wilkins, Dikembe: BBC

 Willetts, James: National Public Radio

 Willey, Anna: Fox News

 Williams, Abigail: NBC News

 Williams, Algernon: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Williams, Amanda: WAMU

 Williams, Brenna: CNN

 Williams, David: Fox News

 Williams, Jeffrey: Cox Broadcasting

 Williams, John: Fox News

 Williams, Louis: NBC News

 Williams, Roxanne: NBC News

 Williams, Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

 Williams, Tom: Al Jazeera English

 Williams, Tonya: Fox News Radio

 Williams, Valeska: CNN

 Williamson, Calum: NBC News

 Williamson, Christopher: NBC News

 Williams Vyas, Colleen: Fox News

 Willis, Anne Marie: Fox News

 Willis, Carl: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Wilpert, Bernhard Gregory: The Real News Network

 Wilson, Adrian: Al Jazeera English

 Wilson, Donna: The Hill

 Wilson, Jeffrey: Radio One

 Wilson, Mark: CBS News

 Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

 Wiltz, Teresa: Stateline

 Winborn, Tracy: Fox News

 Windham, Ronald: CBS News

 Wines, Karen: EWTN

 Wing, Terry: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Winston, Adrienne: CNN

 Winston, Natalie: National Public Radio

 Winters, Latonya: CBS News

 Winters, Ronald: CBS News

 Wise, Alana: WAMU

 Wise, Michael: WUSA-TV

 Wiseman, Frederick: CNN

 Wishingrad, Emily: Hearst Television Inc.

 Witkin, Rachel: NBC News

 Wohlrab, Ezekial: NBC News

 Wolf, Philip: Blaze Media

 Wolf, Zachary: CNN

 Wolfe, Lisa: Federal News Radio 1500 AM

 Wolff, Timothy: Washington Examiner

 Wollmann, Corinna: Al Jazeera International

 Wood, Owen: WETA

 Wood, Zachary: Vice News

 Woodall, Crystal: CBN News

 Woodruff, Joel: NBC News

 Woodsome, Kathleen: Washingtonpost.com

 Woolbright, Melinda: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Woolfolk, Daniel: Sightline Media Group

 Wordock, Colleen: Spectrum News

 Worthington, Barry: White House Chronicle

 Wotshela, Sicelo: BBC

 Wright, Cindy: Capital News Service TV-U of Md

 Wright, Dale: WJLA-TV / Newschannel 8

 Wright, David: CNN

 Wright, David J.: ABC News

 Wright, Jasmine: CNN

 Wright, Malissa: CTV-Community TV of PG County

 Wright, Morgan: Nexstar Media Group

 Wright, Pamela: CNN

 Wrona, Marcin: TVN Poland

 Wu, Wei: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Wudarczyk, Pawel: TV Polsat

 Wurm, Christina: Fox News

 Wyszogrodzki, Marcin: TVN Poland

 Xu, Chuanqi: Voice of America

 Yager, Joshua: CBS News

 Yaklyvich, Brian: ABC News

 Yamamoto, Yuta: Tokyo Broadcasting System

 Yamasaki, Takeshi: NHK

 Yancy, Shawn: WTTG-Fox Television

 Yanevskyy, Oleksandr: Voice of America

 Yang, Daniel: PBS NewsHour

 Yang, Eun: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Yang, Guofu: Voice of America

 Yang, Hee: Radio Free Asia

 Yang, John: PBS NewsHour

 Yang, Lianhua: American Chinese Television (ACT)

 Yang, Lixin: New Tang Dynasty TV

[[Page 1064]]

 Yang, Zhuoqin: One America

 Yang, Ziyi: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Yaoka, Ryoichiro: Nippon TV Network

 Yaqub, Nadeem: Voice of America

 Yar, Dan: Al Jazeera International

 Yarborough, Richard: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Yarmuth, Floyd: ABC News

 Yates, Mark: Swiss Broadcasting

 Ybarra, Jose: ABC News

 Yee Gaffney, Suzanne: AP-Broadcast

 Yeo, Hong Gyu: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

 Yeung Yam, Raymond: Voice of America

 Yi, Joy: Washingtonpost.com

 Yianopoulos, Karen: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Yimam, Bofta: Cox Broadcasting

 Ying, Francis: Kaiser Health News

 Yokoyama, Takahisa: CNN

 Yoo, Jacqueline: ABC News

 Yoon, Seokyee: Yonhap News TV

 Yoshitake, Yosuke: NHK

 Young, Jeremy: Al Jazeera English

 Young, Melissa: ABC News

 Young, Robert: C-SPAN

 Young, Simone: New Tang Dynasty TV

 Young, Victor: NBC News

 Young, Jerome, Jr.: CBN News

 Yu, Elly: WAMU

 Yu, Mallory: National Public Radio

 Yui, Hideki: NHK

 Yun, Samean: Radio Free Asia

 Yurtseven, Aydin: TRT World

 Zagorski, Artur: TVP Polish Television

 Zahn, Jamie: CNN

 Zajko, Robert: Diversified Communications, Inc. (DCI)

 Zak, Lana: ABC News

 Zaman, Pias: National Public Radio

 Zamora, Alban: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Zamora, Michael: National Public Radio

 Zampa, Peter: Gray Television

 Zang, Guohua: CTI-TV (Taiwan)

 Zaru, Deena: ABC News

 Zaslav, Alison: CNN

 Zeffler, Markus: Swiss Broadcasting

 Zelaya, Laura: NTN24

 Zeledon, Marlon: Morningside Partners, LLC

 Zeleny, Jeffrey: CNN

 Zeliger, Robert: NBC News

 Zernell, Ove Erik Andreas: Swedish Broadcasting

 Zervos, Stratis: ABC News

 Zhang, Bilei: Fox News

 Zhang, Hangda: Al Jazeera International

 Zheng, Ren: WTOP Radio

 Zhou-Castro, Heidi: Al Jazeera English

 Ziegenbein, Darren: WRC-TV / NBC-4

 Zients, Sasha: CNN

 Zimerman, Ariel: I24 News

 Zosso, Elizabeth: Middle East Broadcasting Networks (MBN)

 Zschieschang, Marion: German TV (ARD)

 Zucconi, Anthony: Fox News

 Zuckerman, Alexandra: Scripps News

 Zuker, Karen: CNN

 Zumbado, Joaquin: NBC News

 Zurcher, Anthony: BBC

 Zurita, Pablo: CNN


[[Page 1065]]

               NETWORKS, STATIONS, AND SERVICES REPRESENTED
                                  

      Senate Gallery, phone 224-6421    House Gallery, phone 225-5214
      
 ABC NEWS--(202) 222-7700; 1717 DeSales Street, NW., Washington, DC 20036: 
Mona Abdi, Zohreen Adamjee, Elizabeth Alesse, Faisal Alkadiri, John Allard, 
Scott Allmond, Mitchell Alva, John Arnholz, Trevor Ault, Luke Barr, 
Kennedey Bell, Phillip Black, Elizabeth Brown, James Brown, Mary Bruce, 
Lucien Bruggeman, Matthew Burton, Diana Carswell, Esther Castillejo 
Carrasco, Elizabeth Cathey, Jeffery Cook, Shannon Crawford, Abigail Cruz, 
Megan Cunningham, Audrey Dalgetty, Donnell Daniels, Ajinkya Date, Abinet 
Dejene, Ines de La Cuetara, Imtiyaz Delawala, Christopher Donato, Kevin 
Drennen, Alexandra Dukakis, Devin Dwyer, Daniel Glenn Elvington, Olivia 
Eubanks, Robert Eustis, Stephen Fancy, Katherine Faulders, Jared Feinstein, 
Johnnie Ferguson, Lee Ferran, Justin Fishel, Siobhan Fisher, Anne Flaherty, 
Bradley Fulton, Devin Garbitt, Jon Garcia, Robert Gehlen, Amy Giebel, 
Benjamin Gittleson, Justin Gomez, Robert Gordon, Myra Green, Jonathan 
Greenberger, Bertha Guerrero, Brian Haefeli, Daniel Hannah, Averi Harper, 
Christen Hill, Robert Horton, Matthew Hosford, Kevin Howard, Megan Hughes 
Hemmerlein, Heidi Jensen, William Jester, Cecilia Jimenez, Mina Kaji, Almin 
Karamehmedovic, Jonathan Karl, Katharine Kastens, Adam Kelsey, Paul Kerley, 
Mariam Khan, Soo Rin Kim, Elizabeth King, Erica King, Richard Klein, Sarah 
Kolinovsky, Donald Kroll, Lauren Lantry, Michael Levine, Erin Livermore, 
Nathan Luna, Lachlan Murdoch MacNeil, Amanda Maile, Mary Marsh, Serena 
Marshall, Luis Martinez, Cynthia McCoo, Meridith McGraw, James McGuire, 
Elizabeth McLaughlin, Angelique McMenamin, Kathryn McQuade, Martinez 
Mebane, James Meek, Avery Miller, Terence Moran, Matthew Mosk, Kenneth 
Moton, David Muir, Molly Nagle, Marie Nelson, Meredith Nettles, Nicholette 
Nicci, Jorge Nunez, Patrick O'Gara, Andrea Owen, Tara Palmeri, John 
Parkinson, MaryAlice Parks, Allison Pecorin, Rebecca Perlow, Beatrice 
Peterson, Alexandra Pezenik, Jordyn Phelps, Kathryn Phillips, Michael 
Pickup, Kevin Pliszak, Ike Prophet, Jason Radke, Stephanie Ramos-Tomeoni, 
Tracy Reeves, Corinne Roberts, Adia Robinson, Lissette Rodriguez, Tiffany 
Rosborough, Olivia Rubin, George Sanchez, John Santucci, Mee Scholer, 
Rachel Scott, David Searles, Samantha Sergi, Matthew Seyler, Michael 
Shannon, Lawrence Shaw, Ryan Shepard, Tom Shine, Benjamin Siegel, Janet 
Simpson, Benjamin Siu, James Smith, William Steakin, Briana Stewart, 
Michelle Stoddart, Sophia Tatum, Richard Tejera, Christine Theodorou, 
Elizabeth Thomas, Pierre Thomas, Armando Torres-Garcia, Karen Travers, 
Patricia Turner, Matthew Vann, John Verhovek, Dana Viers, Kelsey Walsh, 
Alisa Wiersema, David Wright, Jose Ybarra, Jacqueline Yoo, Melissa Young, 
Lana Zak, Deena Zaru.

 AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE (AFP-TV)--1500 K Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Laura Akhoun, Adan Alvarenga, Salima Belhadj, Agnes Bun, Gabrielle 
Chatelain, Ricardo Criales, Carmen Cuesta-Roca, Valentin Graff, Bastien 
Inzaurralde, Jihan Joannides, Gerald Jonas, Anne Lebreton, Emmanuelle 
Monier, Nadine Morrison, Ivan Rivas, Katharine Schubauer, Eleonore Sens.

 AGRI-PULSE--1111 Belle Pre Way 22314, #103, Alexandria, VA 22314: Spencer 
Chase.

 AL ARABIYA TV--(202) 355 6614; 1620 I Street, NW., 10th floor, Washington, 
DC 20006: Angelyn Adams, Lenore Adkins, Mohammed Alazawi, Khalid Al Rawi, 
Nadia Charters, Pierre Ghanem, Elias Habib, Basheer Khaleefah, Ahmed Mahdi, 
Ayan Sheikh, Muna Shikaki.

 ALASKA PUBLIC RADIO NETWORK / ALASKA PUBLIC MEDIA--140 13th Street, SE., 
Washington, DC 20003: Elizabeth Ruskin.

 AL JAZEERA ENGLISH--1200 New Hampshire Avenue, NW., 2nd Floor, Washington, 
DC 20036: Robert Abeshouse, Abdul Hadi Abo-Issa, Paul Abowd, Laila Alarian, 
Jeff Ballou, James Bays, Jet Belgraver, Catherine Berger, Ahad Bhatti, 
Simon Boazman, Ayana Brickhouse, Elizabeth Brown, Crystal Byrd, Malik 
Camah, William Castro Jaramillo, Brian Chacon, Peter Charley, Kavitha 
Chekuru, Stephen Coonce, Michael Corripio, Patricia Culhane, Natasha Del 
Toro, Mitchell Doty, Nicholas Dove, Abdelmounim ElAmrani, Gabriel Elizondo, 
Mariam Engel, Kathleen Fabian, Thomas Fisher, Andy Gallacher, Jonathan 
Garratt, Franklyn Ginsburg, Kira Grishkoff Rockell, Gregory Guise, Karim 
Haddad, Kimberly Halkett, James Hamilton, Michael Hanna, John Hendren, 
Kevin Hirten, Thierry Humeau, Andrew Jones, Rosiland Jordan, Akilah Joseph, 
Kevin King, Nick Kraus, Michael LaBella, Ekaterina Landy, Lister Lim, Erik 
Ljung, Maria Marquez, Mercedes Martinez, Ashley May, Herbert McClam, Colin 
McIntyre, Robert Michaud, Craig Pennington, Jason Pepino, Amanda Price, 
Ilir Prifti, Ivica Puljic, Shihab Rattansi, Alea Reeves, Robert Reynolds, 
Joshua Rushing, Kristen Saloomey, Chris Sheridan, Tom Szypulski, Simon 
Tate, Pilar Tejerina, Joel Van Haren, Anar Virji, Owen Watson, Tom 
Williams, Adrian Wilson, Jeremy Young, Heidi Zhou-Castro.

 AL JAZEERA INTERNATIONAL--(202) 689-3600; 1200 New Hampshire Ave., NW., 
2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20036: Ahmed Abdulrazzaq, Morad Abed, Biesan Abu-
Kwaik, Eyad Aburahma, Mohammed Alami, Samer Alhafiz, Ahmed Alhazeem, 
Haitham Al Juboori, Daniel Alvarenga, Benjamin Angeloni, Ahmad Asaad, 
Phoebe Barghouty, Michael Bendeck, Hanane Berrai, Adrienne Blaine, Lamia 
Bourogaa,

[[Page 1066]]

Graelyn Brashear, Jennifer Byers, Ney Carrero Alvarez, Mehmet Dede, David 
Dougherty, Omar Duwaji, Mouhamed Elahmed, Sari Elkhalili, Mohamed Fahs, 
Abderrahim Foukara, Michael Fox, Laurin-Whitney Gottbrath, Nasreddine 
Hssaini, Enrique Huaiquil, Dina Kesbeh, Lina Khalaf, Mohammad Khaliq, 
Alexandra Locke, Fadi Mansour, Mashaal Mir, Amjad Muhammad, Julia Muldavin, 
Ashraf Nagy, Craig Olmstead, Nanako Pierce, Rajeshwari Ramanathan, Kutaba 
Rashid, Tupac Saavedra, Sana Saeed, Sara Salman, Damian Sanchez-Bonmati, 
Ahmed Shihab-Eldin, Priyanka Tilve, Amy Walters, Wajd Waqfi, Corinna 
Wollmann, Dan Yar, Hangda Zhang.

 AMERICAN CHINESE TELEVISION (ACT)--(240) 988-4660; 722 Ridgemont Avenue, 
Rockville, MD 20850: Yunjin Li, Lianhua Yang.

 ANTENA 3 TV--4901 Seminary Road, #1513, Alexandria, VA 22311: Vanessa 
Jaklitsch.

 AP-BROADCAST--(202) 641-9000; 1100 13th St, NW., Suite 500, Washington, DC 
20005: Khaldoun Alrawi, Eric Andree, Jeannie Andress, John Auresto, Philip 
Avner, Edward Barker, Hugo Blanco, Jacqueline Blum-Dostie, Craig Broffman, 
Tracy Brown, Andrea Colombo-Abdullah, Kelly Daschle, Edward Donahue, Lisa 
Dwyer-Shapiro, Rita Foley, Mathew Friedman, Oscar Gabriel, Richard Gentilo, 
Lawrence Gold, James Gorman, Michael Gracia, Michael Hempen, Susan 
Henderson, Brian Hoffman, Daniel Huff, Roderick Jussim, Christian 
Kettlewell, Jennifer King, Lisa Matthews, Nan Hee McMinn, Sagar Meghani, 
Vaughn Morrison, Federica Narancio, Woria Osmani, Louis Pagan, Gregory 
Peppers, Gerald Petraitis, Padmananda Rama, Walter Ratliff, John Rizzo, 
Matthew Small, Felicia Smith, Donna Starddard, Julian Styles, James Turner, 
Denise Vance, Carlos Vargas, Andrew Visley, Suzanne Yee Gaffney.

 APTVS--AMERICAN PRESS & TV SERVICES--(202) 601-2284; 1445 New York Avenue, 
NW., Suite 500, Washington, DC 20005: Mohammed Dawood, Sam Eizeldin, Elian 
El-khamissi, Gamal Hassanein, Mostafa Sliman.

 AURN--938 Penn Avenue, Suite 701, Pittsburgh, PA 15222: April Ryan.

 AUSTRALIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION--(202) 466-8575; 2000 M Street, NW., 
Suite 660, Washington, DC 20036: Ryan Chatterjee, Zoe Daniel, Kathryn Diss, 
Conor Duffy, James Glenday, Niall Lenihan, David Lipson, Stephanie March, 
Mathew Marsic, Richard McDermott, Jeanavive McGregor, John Mees, Emily 
Olson, Chloe Ross.

 AUSTRIAN RADIO & TV (ORF)--1206 Eton Court, NW., Washington, DC 20007: 
Hannelore Fauqueux-Veit, Uelle-Mall Jaakson, Christoph Kohl, David 
Kriegleder, Markus Meier, Natalie Stockert, Robert Uitz-Dallinger.

 AZTECA AMERICA--400 North Capitol, NW., Suite 361, Washington, DC 20001: 
Armando Guzman, Luis Orellana Canas.

 BBC--(202) 223-2050; 2000 M Street, NW., #800, Washington, DC 20009: 
Lukman Ahmed, Ben Bevington, Marianna Brady, Nicholas Bryant, Christopher 
Buckler, Angelica Casas, Maxine Collins, James Coomarasamy, Jonathan Csapo, 
Paul Danahar, Ian Druce, Mehrnoosh Ebrahimi, Kathryn Farrell, Sam Farzaneh, 
Kambiz Fattahi, Thomas Geoghegan, Morgan Gisholt Minard, Sergey Goryashko, 
Samantha Granville, David Grossman, Colleen Hagerty, Andrew Herbert, PAULA 
HONG, Rozalia Hristova, Alison Hunter, Nadia Huraimi, Michael Innes, Daniel 
Johnson, Majid Joneidi, Katharine Kay, Halle Kendall, Suzanne Kianpour, 
Petr Kozlov, John Landy, David Lee, Hannah Long-Higgins, Harry Low, Jessica 
Lussenhop, Aleem Maqbool, Max Matza, Tara McKelvey, Donald Morrison, Tara 
Neill, Hadi Niliahmadabadi, Gary O'Donoghue, Amir Payam, Cosima Schelfhout, 
Ashley Semler, Jude Sheerin, Ronald Skeans, Oliver Smith, Joan Soley, 
Jonathan Sopel, Franz Strasser, Courtney Subramanian, Sarah Svoboda, Nada 
Tawfik, Haley Thomas, Laura Trevelyan, Barbara Usher, Dikembe Wilkins, 
Anthony Zurcher.

 BERKELEY STUDIOS INTERNATIONAL--50 F Street, NW., Suite C150, Washington, 
DC 20001: Ziadoon Al-lami, Hussein Asmael.

 BLAZE MEDIA--(802) 777-5516; 601 New Jersey Avenue, NW., Suite 240, 
Washington, DC 20001: James Calcaterra, Julia Eckardt, Destry Edwards, 
Laura Gingrich, Alicia Hesse, Nathaniel Madden IV, Jonathan Miller, Anna 
Perez, Rikki Ratliff, John Rockovich, Jordan Schachtel, Elizabeth Schular, 
Garrett Shawley, Philip Wolf.

 BLOOMBERG RADIO & TV--1399 NY Avenue, NW., 11th Floor, Washington, DC 
20005: Christine Baratta, Bailey Bolden, Irwin Chapman, Kevin Cirilli, 
Charlotte Cullinan, David Goodman, Nathan Hager, Eugenia Hurtado, Fidel 
Inguanzo, Michael Lysak, Anthony Mancini, Lauren McDevitt, Michael McKee, 
Antonio Mielec, Adrienne Mitchell, Amy Morris, Ohad Niv, Andrew O'Day, 
Alisa Parenti, Brendan Polmer, Dardan Pula, Micha Rondeau, Nancy Sargeant, 
David Sucherman, Charles Vollmer, David Westin.

 BT VIDEO PRODUCTIONS--7117 Wolftree Lane, Rockville, MD 20852: Paul 
Hollenbeck, Martin Kos.

 CADENA SER--(202) 596 6969; 4520 Cumberland Avenue, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Javier del Pino, Marta Del Vado Chicharro.

 CAPITAL NEWS SERVICE TV--U OF MD--Philip Merrill College of Journalism, 
1100 Knight Hall--University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742: Mel 
Coffee, Susan Katcef, Cindy Wright.

 CARACOL RADIO--1320 Fairmont Street, #103, Washington, DC 20009: Yaridis 
Adrian, Cristobal Vasquez Ramirez.

[[Page 1067]]

 CARACOL TELEVISION--(202) 615-3899; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., Suite 
361, Washington, DC 20001: Jose Agredo Vasquez, Gerard Cortes, Juan 
Merlano, Jaime Moreno Gomez.

 CASPIAN BROADCASTING TV--1319 18th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20036: 
Rafig Gurbanzada, Aytan Mammadli.

 CBC / CANADIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION--(202) 383-2900; National Press 
Building 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 510, Washington, DC 20045: Jean-
Francois Belanger, Keith Boag, Raphael Bouvier-Auclair, Jason Burles, 
Marcel Calfat, Marie Claudet, Lyndsay Duncombe, Patrick Ferguson, Bertrand 
Guez, Paul Hunter, Matthew Kwong, Christian Latreille, Jason Lowther, Ellen 
Mauro, Susan Ormiston, Alexander Panetta, Glenn Parker, Sylvain Richard, 
Kathryn Simpson, Paul St-Onge Fleurant.

 CBN NEWS--(202) 833 2707; 1919 M Street, NW., Suite 100, Washington, DC 
20036: Chanel Abrams, Abigail Allen, Robert Allman, Mark Bautista, Walter 
Bozek, David Brody, Jenna Browder, Laura Crombe, Brian Edwards, Jennifer 
Gilbert, Aronica Glover, Mario Gonzalez, Steven Jacobi, John Jessup, 
Matthew Keedy, Benjamin Kennedy, Reed Klass, John LaMonica, Jacob Moore, 
Edward Morano, Shoshannah Nunez, Denis Pacuraru, Eric Philips, Dana Ritter, 
Patrick Robertson, Ian Rushing, Paul Strand, Kimberly Taylor, Eric 
Valencia, Richard Westfall, Crystal Woodall, Jerome Young Jr.

 CBS NEWS--(202) 457-4444; 2020 M Street, NW., Washington, DC 20036: Adam 
Aigner-Treworgy, Gabrielle Ake, Zackary Akey, Thomas Albano, Clinton 
Alexander, Debra Alfarone, Emily Alff, Amber Ali, Alana Anyse, Laquasha 
Banks, Morris Banks, Errol Barnett, Reginald Barringer, Farrel Becker, 
Shani Benezra, James Benson, Musadiq Bidar, Anna Bobadilla-Marino, Julia 
Boccagno, Richard Bonin, Natalie Brand, Margaret Brennan, Adam Brewster, 
Whitney Bright, Erica Brown, Kimberly Brown, Susan Bullard Harmon, Timothy 
Camarda, Elizabeth Campbell, Catherine Cannon, Jane Chick, Lete Childs, 
Caitlin Conant, Carol Coney, Eric Conner, Sara Cook, Nancy Cordes, Victoria 
Coughlan, John Crum, John Daly, Charles Dixson, Laura Doan, Katherine 
Dominick, Margaret Dore, Steven Dorsey, William Dries, Lois Dyer, Bo 
Erickson, Richard Escobedo, Andrew Eversden, Sarah Ewall-Wice, John Falls, 
John Fantacone, Ann Flynn, Laura Foran, Edward Forgotson, Robert Fortunato, 
Tony Furlow, Hal Furman, Brian Fuss, Travis Galey, July Garcia, Manny 
Garcia, Major Garrett, Olivia Gazis, Jenna Gibson, Benson Ginsburg, Jeffrey 
Glor, Serafin Gomez, Celina Gore, Brian Gottlieb, Neil Grasso, Jan 
Greenburg, Joshua Gross, Mary Hager, William Harding, Alison Hawley, Dave 
Hawthorne, Alan He, Skyler Henry, Catherine Herridge, Molly Hooper, Michael 
Hopkins, Caroline Horn, Zackary Hudak, Caitlin Huey-Burns, Jillian Hughes, 
Clare Hymes, Margaret Hynds, Christopher Isham, Dennis Jamison, Rickey 
Jefferson, Weijia Jiang, Jeffrey Johnston, Arthur Jones, Lorna Jones, Carol 
Joynt, Arden Kehayias Farhi, Brandi Kellam, Kenneth Kerbs, Jonathan 
Kessler, Adrian Kill, Nikole Killion Boykin, Rosa Kim, Julia Kimani, Daniel 
Klos, Mark Knoller, Molly Kordares, Cara Korte, Robert Kovach, Katiana 
Krawchenko, Kathryn Krupnik, Grace Lamb-Atkinson, Benjamin Larson, Donald 
Lee, Robert Legare, Abdul-Mola Lenghi, Rebecca Levy, Steven Marshall, David 
Martin, Pamela Mason, Mark Mazariegos, Dennis McCarty, Donald Jay McCarty, 
Kelsey Micklas, William Miller, Patricia Milton Steinfort, Benjamin 
Mitchell, LaCrai Mitchell, Camilo Montoya-Galvez, Gillian Morley, Julie 
Morse, John Murphy, Brian Nalesnick, Aaron Navarro, John Nolen, Norah 
O'Donnell, Edward O'Keefe, Jeffrey Pegues, Katryna Perera, Timothy Perry, 
Michael Peyton, Zoe Poindexter, Steven Portnoy, Alesia Powell-Escobar, 
Diana Quinn, Omar Quinonez, Carrie Rabin Aber, Richard Rahn, Stephanie 
Ramirez, George Rehkopf, Charles Reid, Paula Reid, Irvin Reinhard, 
Catherine Reynolds, Francisco Robbins, Kaitlyn Roman, Howard Rosenberg, 
Allyson Ross Taylor, Christina Ruffini, Mary Kate Rydell, Samira Said, 
Stephen Sanchez, Camilla Schick, Leonard Schmitz, Mark Schuster, Thomas 
Seem, Grace Segers, Nicole Sganga, Gregory Shaffir, Kimberlee Shaffir, 
Colby Shitama, Ward C. Sloane, Gabriel Stix, David Strong, Fernando Suarez, 
Anna Sugg, Brandon Tea, Emily Tillett, Alexander Tin, Benjamin Tracy, Peter 
Traynham, Andres P. Triay, Jack Turman, Geoff Turner, Victor Ulloa Ramirez, 
Kristopher Van Cleave, Rebecca Vandercook, Dennis Vera, Adam Verdugo, 
William Walker, Mary Walsh, Kevin Ward, Erick Washington, Eleanor Watson, 
Kathryn Watson, Mark White, John Whitley, Ricardo Whitson, Scarlette Whyte, 
Christopher Widmer, Ronald Windham, Joshua Yager.

 CHANNEL 10 ISRAEL--(202) 460-0223; 195 Hardy Place, Rockville, MD 20852: 
Gil Tamary.

 CHANNEL ONE RUSSIAN TV--2000 M Street, NW., Suite 324, Washington, DC 
20036: Viacheslav Arkhipov, Iuliia Olkhovskaia, Alexander Tetrashvili.

 CHEDDAR--601 New Jersey Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20001: John Durkin, 
Samuel Hicks, Douglas Murray, Megan Pratz, Samantha Tadelman.

 CNBC--(202) 776-7405; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., Suite 850, 
Washington, DC 20001: Patrick Anastasi, Kevin Breuninger, Bria Cousins, 
Matthew Cuddy, Stephanie Dhue, John Harwood, Karen James Sloan, Eamon 
Javers, Amanda Macias, Ylan Mui McClintock, Diana Olick, Pat Pugliese, 
Shari Rosen, Lisa Sanfuentes, Brian Schwartz, David Soltis, Ashley 
Stringer, Kayla Tausche, Ervin Washington, Mary Wellons, Christina Wilkie 
Sumner.

 CNN--(202) 898-7900; 820 1st Street, NE., Washington, DC 20002: Khalil 
Abdallah, Abilo Acosta, Jill Adly, Amir Ahmed, Simret Aklilu, William 
Alberter, David Allbritton, Mark Allman, Tala Alrajjal, Elizabeth Ambriz-
Mendez, Whitney Amon, John Anglim, Raymond Arke, Abigail Arzoumanov, Audrey 
Ash, Kylie Atwood, Tiane Austin, Matthew Avrutine, Renee Baharaeen, Edward 
Barrett, Dana Bash, Veronica Bautista, Savannah Behrmann, Kate Bennett, 
Alexa Bennewitz, Leslie Bentz, Rebecca Berg,

[[Page 1068]]

Deborah Berger Fox, Daniel Berman, Maria Bernal, Laura Bernardini, Mark 
Biello, Ashley Billings, Lindzie Bills, Joan Biskupic, Kevin Blakley, Wolf 
Blitzer, John Bodnar, Kevin Bohn, Donna Borak, Gloria Borger, Tyrone 
Boston, Eric Bradner, Kiara Brantley-Jones, Kiara Brantley-Jones, Joshua 
Braun, Raymond Britch, Noah Broder, Scott Bronstein, David Brooks, Brooke 
Brower, Ryan Browne, Steven Brusk, Burke Buckhorn, Tiffany Bullock, Austen 
Bundy, David Burgess, Terence Burlij, Haley Byrd, Juan Cabral Pichardo, 
William Cadigan, Karin Caifa, Michael Callahan, Catherine Carter, Nicole 
Carvajal, David Catrett, David Chalian, Natasha Chen, Andrew Christman, 
Gregory Clary, Bobby Clemons, Avron Coates, Marshall Cohen, Zachary Cohen, 
Youman Coleman, Kaitlan Collins, Stephen Collinson, Michael Conte, Stephen 
Coppin, James Crawford, Natalia Crosdale, Christopher Cross, John Cunha, 
Daniel Dale, Patrick Davis, Kara Day, Jessica Dean Rutherford, Javier de 
Diego, Ariane de Vogue, Lauren Dezenski, Jeremy Diamond, Daniella Diaz, 
Stephen Dolce, Christopher DosSantos, Sonya Dowhaluk, Bonnie Druker, Thomas 
Ebel, Courtney Edwards, Elizebeth English, McKenna Ewen, Robert Farmer, 
Samuel Feist, Eric Fiegel, Clare Foran, Latoya Forbes, Patrick Ford, Thomas 
Foreman, Samuel Fossum, Lauren Fox, Melissa Frydman, Brian Fung, Teresita 
Galarce Crain, Jamie Gangel, Katherine Gaouette, Danelle Garcia, Elise 
Garofalo, Timothy Garraty, Christopher Garrett, Amina Garrett Scott, 
Alexander Gee, Eden Getachew, Melissa Giaimo, Sarah Giannakopoulos, 
Margaret Given, Catherine Gloria, Andre Goddard, Amanda Golden, Christer 
Gomes, David Gracey, Aileen Graef, Noah Gray, James Graydon, Anne Grayer, 
Gus Greene, Angelica Grimaldi, Eddie Gross, Brian Hampton, Mackenzie Happe, 
Jeremy Herb, Michael Herkner, Ione Hess, Jason Hoffman, William Holbert, 
Faith Holland, Kristen Holmes, Derek Horrigan, Emily Howell, Matthew Hoye, 
Adolfo Ibarra, Walter Imparato, Adia Jacobs, William Jacobson, Oliver 
Janney, Laura Jarrett, David Jenkins, Ewholomeyovwi Jeroro, Omar Jimenez, 
Joseph Johns, Monique Johnson, Athena Jones, Douglas Jones, Tracey Jordan, 
Arcelious Joyner, Donald Judd, Polson Kanneth, Bonney Kapp, Elena Kaufman, 
Peter Kavanagh, Aishvarya Kavi, Ashley Keegan, Caroline Kelly, Caroline 
Kenny, Kristin Keppler, Aaron Kessler, Ashley Killough, John King, Mary 
Klein, Brandon Knapp, Lauren Koenig, Michelle Kosinski, Gregory Krieg, 
Benjamin Krolowitz, Paul LeBlanc, Ji Lee, Min Lee, Adam Levine, Adam Levy, 
Latavia Lewis, Misha Lewis, Christine Lien, Melissa Lipman, Kevin Liptak, 
Philip Littleton, Katherine Lobosco, Sonikka Loganathan, Clara Lopez-
Pulido, Juan Carlos Lopez Ruiz, Edwin Lora, Tami Luhby, Brianna Lujan, 
Albert Lutan, John Lybrand, Steven Machalek, Alison Main, Mary Mallonee, 
Allison Malloy, Suzanne Malveaux, Christina Manduley, Nicole Manley, 
Alexander Marquardt, Rene Marsh, Daniel Martinez, Chase Masters, Philip 
Mattingly, Ronnie McCray, Colin McCullough, Ebony McGee, Douglas McKinley, 
Samuel McMichael, Cassie McNamara, James Meech, Daniel Merica, Anna Miller, 
Paul Miller, Alec Miran, Alexa Miranda, Shawna Mizelle, Jeffrey Moller, 
Mary Moloney, Jeremy Moorhead, Isabel Morales, Peter Morris, Sarah Mucha, 
Sara Murray, Mirembe Mutesa, Steven Nannes, Nicholas Neville, Ryan Nobles, 
Bridget Nolan, Jeffrey Norman, Michael Oat, Jonathan O'Beirne, Eric 
Odendahl, Kitty OKeefe, Ann Parangot, Andre Parker, Robert Parker, Stephen 
Patterson, Eddie Paylor, Aaron Pellish, Evan Perez, Clayton Perry, 
Alejandro Peruga-Martinez, Katelyn Petroka, Abigail Phillip, Scott Pisczek, 
David Poarch, Katelyn Polantz, Michelle Poley, Ryan Pollock, Lauren 
Pratapas, Willa Prescott, Mark Preston, Shimon Prokupecz, Federico 
Quadrani, Manu Raju, Pallavi Reddy, Erin Reische, Jean Renaud, Joshua 
Replogle, Maeve Reston, Casey Riddle, Raul Rios-Hernandez, Dominique 
Genevieve Robertson, Gregory Robertson, David Robinson, John Robinson, 
David Rogers, Brian Rokus, Latrice Nadia Romero, Jedd Rosche, Lindy Royce-
Bartlett, Diane Ruggiero, Katherine Saenz, Boris Sanchez, Geneva Sands-
Sadowitz, Jose Sanfuentes, Amanda Sansone, Michelle Santayana, Kara 
Scannell, Douglas Schantz, John Scheuer, Harlan Schmidt, Jessica Schneider, 
James Sciutto, Raquel Scott, Gregory Seaby, Sunlen Serfaty, Monica Serrano 
Quintero, Theodore Severson, John Shaylor, Catherine Shoichet, David 
Shortell, Mawal Sidi, David Siegel, Jeffery Simms, Jennifer Simpson, Andrew 
Smith, Michelle Smith, Kelly Smoot, Cassandra Spodak, Elizabeth Stark, 
Barbara Starr, Scott Stead, Emily Steck, John Stevenson, Derek St. Onge, 
Veronica Stracqualursi, Tara Subramaniam, Katherine Sullivan, Amanda 
Swinhart, Dustin Tanner, Jacob Tapper, Russell Taylor, Mallory Thompson, 
Tamara Thorp, Mari Torres, Thanh Tram, Angelica Trindade, Kenneth Tuohey, 
Christopher Turner, Elizabeth Turrell, Brett Tyler, Kim Uhl, Anthony 
Umrani, Catherine Valentine, Tara Vales, Maegan Vazquez, Dawid Vermaak, 
Matthew Vossekuil, Tu Vu, Samantha Waldenberg, Gregory Wallace, Mark Walz, 
Michael Warren, Eli Watkins, Emily Welch, Dylan Wells, Sarah Westwood, 
Jamie Wiener, Brenna Williams, Valeska Williams, Adrienne Winston, 
Frederick Wiseman, Zachary Wolf, David Wright, Jasmine Wright, Pamela 
Wright, Takahisa Yokoyama, Jamie Zahn, Alison Zaslav, Jeffrey Zeleny, Sasha 
Zients, Karen Zuker, Pablo Zurita.

 CNSNEWS.COM--(571) 267-3500; 1900 Campus Commons Drive, Suite 600, Reston, 
VA 20191: Melanie Arter, Craig Bannister, Michael Chapman, Terence Jeffrey, 
Craig Millward, Michael Morris.

 COLORADO PUBLIC RADIO--Washington, DC 20510: Caitlyn Kim, Megan Post.

 CONNECTING VETS--(202) 971-8050; 1015 Half Street, SE., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20003: Abbie Bennett, Kaylah Jackson.

 COPE RADIO (SPAIN)--4904 Bett Road, NW., Washington, DC 20016: Juan 
Martinez Fierro.

 COX BROADCASTING--(202) 777-7000; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., #635, 
Washington, DC 20001: David Chase, James Dupree, Jacqueline Fell, Michael 
Friedrich, Justin Gray, Kevin Johnson, Kristin

[[Page 1069]]

Kerwin, Samantha Manning, Blair Miller, Dorey Scheimer, Jon Sonnheim, 
Katherine Suiters, Jeffrey Williams, Bofta Yimam.

 CQ / ROLL CALL--(202) 650-6500; 1201 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 7th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20004: Evan Campbell, Jinitzail Hernandez, Graham 
MacGillivray, Thomas McKinless, Nathan Ouellette, Micaela Rodriguez.

 CRONKITE NEWS SERVICE--(202) 684-2400; 1800 I Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Stephen Crane.

 C-SPAN--(202) 737-3220; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., #650, Washington, 
DC 20001: Kenneth Alexander, Thomas Alldredge, Theresa Amirault-Michel, 
Jeremiah Art, Michelle Bailor, Tyler Bartlam, Courtney Beesch, Stacey 
Beigarten, Jason Bender, Brett Betsill, Leona Blakey, Greta Brawner, Donald 
Brown, Paul Brown, Robert Browning, Kenneth Buck, Kristina Buddenhagen, 
Susan Bundock, Leslie Burdick, Kathy Cahill, Nancy Calo-Christianson, Craig 
Caplan, Kenneth Carrick, Stephanie Chadha-Kaye, Matthew Claar, James Clark, 
Bruce Collins, Michael Collins, James Cook, Howard Corner, Liam Currier, 
Alexander Curtis, Gregory Czzowitz, Peter Daniels, Matthew Dauchess, 
Anthony Davis, Benyam Desta, Bridget Diggs, Daniel Dill, Jarmel Dixon, Sean 
Doody, John Doyle, Mallory Drummond, Yi-Pei Eastin, Pedro Echevarria, Gary 
Ellenwood, Seth Engel, Patricia Esquivel, Gregory Fabic, Mark Farkas, John 
Farrell, Joseph Feeney, Eric Feudner, Richard Fleeson, Amanda Fortner, Carl 
Foster, Leslie Frazier, William Frazier, John Gallagher, William Gallagher, 
Craig Galowin, Tracy Garlock, Jennifer Garrott, Garney Gary, Charles 
George, Robert Gould, Dwight Hall, Glenn Hall, Richard Hall, Christopher 
Hanson, Stephen Harkness, Robert Harleston, Mary Jean Harrison, Maurice 
Haynes, William Heffley, Jonelle Henry, Francis Herbas, Ashley Hill, Dallas 
Hill, Adrienne Hoar McGibbon, Eric Horacek, Katherine Hughes, Scott 
Hummelsheim, Tracy Hunter, Nathan Hurst, Cynthia Ingle, Roberta Jackson, 
Tiara Jenkins, Phelix Jones, Steven Kehoe, Jonathan Kelley, Roxane Kerr, 
Kayla Nicole Key, Kevin King, David Knighton, Felix Laboy, Brian Lamb, 
Deborah Lamb, Darren Larade, Molly Laville, Robert Lazar, Jerome Leddon, 
Brian Lloyd, Paul Loeschke, Charles Logan, Graham MacGillivray, Valerie 
Matthews, Chloe Maxwell, John McArdle, Sean McCann, Christian McCarren, 
Tomika McDougald, Gerard McGarrity, Abigail Megginson, Justin Metzger, 
Andrew Miller, Katherine Mills, David Monack, Victor Montoro, Garrett 
Moore, Howard Mortman, Daniel Morton, Terence Murphy, Andrew Nason, Glenn 
Nelson, Robin Newton, Trang Ninh, Donna Norris, Benen O'Brien, Benjamin 
O'Connell, Alan Olmsted, Paul Orgel, Michael Patruznick, Alexander Pena, 
Vernon Perkins, Nickolas Pitocco, Almon Porter, Anne Preloh, Anthony 
Pronko, Clare Quinn, Nikhil Raval, Kuren Redmond Morgan, Robert Reilly, 
Michele Remillard, Cynthia Reuter, Shannon Rice, Delia Rios, Tiffany 
Rocque, Mark Rodeffer, Martine Rodriguez, Randolph Rohrbaugh, Megan Rowls, 
Jennifer Ruff, Carlos Sampaio, Molly Sanders, Sherry Sanders-Smith, Michele 
Sandiford, William Scanlan, Bridget Scanlon, Ellen Schweiger, Steven 
Scully, Nina Shelton, Peter Slen, Lindley Smith, Benjamin Sorenson, Haley 
Southee, Bruce Alan Speck, Gary Starikoff, James Statler, Greg St. James, 
Johnny St. Jean, Richard Stoddard, Margaret Strolle, Susan Swain, Mary 
Symanski, Christina Taylor, Joseph Teeples, Eric Thoman, Tamara Thueringer, 
Arthur Tiller, Brandon Tilman, Noel Touhey, Kevin Washburn, Richard 
Weinstein, Robert Young.

 CTI-TV (TAIWAN)--(301) 792-8883; 7 Monona Court, Derwood, MD 20855: Guohua 
Zang.

 CTV CANADIAN TV--(202) 775-0356; 1717 DeSales Street, NW., Suite 354, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jonathan Austin, William Dugan, Shannon Kelly, 
Richard Madan, Joy Malbon, Marley Parker.

 CTV-COMMUNITY TV OF PG COUNTY--(202) 383-6061; 9475 Lottsford Road, Largo, 
MD 20774: David Barnes, Keshia Butts, Onyinyechi Chuku, Curtis Crutchfield, 
Erika Cumber, Sakina Dockett, Ara Laughlin, Sandra Peaches, Dejah Rawls, 
GeNienne Samuels, Patricia Villone, Algernon Williams, Malissa Wright.

 DAILYMAIL.COM--5941 Oak Leather Drive, Burke, VA 22015: Marcus DiPaola, 
Christopher Muncy.

 DANISH BROADCASTING CORPORATION--(202) 785-1957; 2000 M Street, NW., Suite 
890, Washington, DC 20036: Stine Dragsted, Lillian Kretz, Steffen Kretz, 
Jacob Lorenzen, Gitte McGuire.

 DEUTSCHE WELLE TV--(202) 785-5730; 2000 M Street, NW., Suite 335, 
Washington, DC 20036: Leslie Alston, Carla Bleiker, Maximilan Foerg, Pablo 
Foley Elias, Lori Hannan, Helena Humphrey, Michael Knigge, Oliver Sallet, 
Alexandra von Nahmen, Mikko Vuokko.

 DIVERSIFIED COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (DCI)--2000 M Street, NW., 3rd Floor, 
Washington, DC 20036: John Bena, James Butler, Joseph Concaugh Jr., Michael 
Dubose, Paul Fifield, Peder Jessen, Robert Klein, Tipp McClure, James 
Murphy, Jamie Norins, Kathi Overton, Robert Zajko.

 DUTCH TV & RADIO (NOS)--2000 M Street, NW., #365, Washington, DC 20036: 
Marieke De Vries, Arjen van der Horst.

 EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY--(202) 347-4694; 1122 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Lawrence Miller, Carlos Vilas Delgado.

 EUROVISION AMERICAS, INC.--2000 M Street, NW., Suite 300, Washington, DC 
20036: Adam Bearne, Emilie de Schaetzen, William Dunlop, Tanya Fischer, Lee 
Grigsby, Jay Hahn, Kyle Lanningham, Sarah Lanningham, Adam Mandelson, 
Cecile McPherson, Glenn Mikols, Priya Narahari, Ji Hee Park, Roch Pellerin, 
Lakisha Ridley, Jean Pierre Roberts, Eduardo Rosario, John Saunders, Jason 
Scharf, Peggy Soucy, Thomas Trainor, Juri von Bonsdorff, Charles Walter.

[[Page 1070]]

 EWTN--(202) 909-2900; 750 First Street, NE., Suite 1115, Washington, DC 
20002: Raymond Arroyo, Lauretta Brown, Susan Bruce, Matthew Bunson, Todd 
Burger, Kathleen Burke, Jason Calvi, Toby Capion, Christopher Cardno, John 
Chipak, Edward Condon, Michael DuBose, Christopher Edwards, Meg Giunta, 
Wyatt Goolsby, Catherine Hadro, Matthew Hadro, Thomas Haller, Rodney 
Harris, Kristen Hildebrand, Mark Irons, Elena Isella, Afshin Javadi, 
Cristina Kelly, Anna Laudiero, Jessica Marquez Marquez, Alyssa McGehee, 
Gregg Micklos, Susanna Pinto, Elizabeth Plaza, Christine Rousselle, Tracy 
Sabol, Katherine Scanlon, Leon Segears, Victoria Stiles, Kaitlin Stumpf, 
Christian Swezey, Karen Wines.

 EXPRESSEN TV--(202) 227-8322; 1772 Church Street, #503, Washington, DC 
20036: Tomas Kvarnkullen.

 EYE-TO-EYE VIDEO--4614 Chevy Chase Boulevard, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Michael Capucci, Elliot Klayman, Patrick O'Donnell.

 FEATURE STORY NEWS--(202) 296-9012; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue Ste. 405, 
Washington, DC 20036: Noureldin Aly, Alice Anderson, Malcolm Brown, John 
Clarke, Jagruti Dave, Kathryn Fisher, Rebecca Foster, Robert Frazier, Giles 
Gibson, Tamara Haddad, Harry Horton, Harry Horton, Denis Levkovich, Simon 
Marks, Kevin McAleese, Katie Olds, Nina-Maria Potts, Daniel Ryntjes.

 FEDERAL NEWS RADIO 1500 AM--5425 Wisconsin Ave., Chevy Chase, DC 20815: 
Amelia Brust, Mike Causey, Jason Fornicola, Jory Heckman, Lauren Larson, 
Scott Maucione, Jason Miller, Nicole Ogrysko, Jared Serbu, Thomas Temin, 
Stephanie Thomas, David Thornton, Terry Wing, Lisa Wolfe.

 FEDNET--50 F Street, NW., Suite 1C, Washington, DC 20001: Gerard Arnum, 
Keith Carney, Christopher Carson, Sarmat Chowdhury, Regan Ferrell, Kendrick 
Frankel, Paul Griffith, Lara Hudak, Michael Kirby, Winston Lattie, Brendan 
Lyn, Nia Neloms, Nicholas Petromelis, John Spears.

 FINNISH BROADCASTING COMPANY (YLE)--2000 M Street, NW., Suite 890, 
Washington, DC 20036: Hans Dhuy, Mika Hentunen, Paula Vilen.

 FOX BUSINESS NETWORK--(202) 684-4000; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20001: Michael Bannigan, Maria Bartiromo, Bruce Becker, 
Blake Burman, Edward Danielian, Mary Kreinbihl, Connell McShane, Alexander 
Nerska, Elizabeth Park, Kristina Partsinevelos, Jonathan Resnick, Hillary 
Sandoval, Jennifer Schonberger, Jonathan St. John, Jessica Stone Evans.

 FOX NEWS--(202) 824-6300; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20001: Yasin Abdul-Mateen, Lori Adams, Richard Adragna, Nihad Aliakbar, 
Bryan Allman, Kimberly Anderson, Anna Ansell, Vincent Arbogast, Khawar 
Aziz, William Baier, Leslie Baker, Joshua Banks, Ellison Barber, Calvin 
Barrett, Stuart Basinger, Robin Beal, Christopher Becker, Judson Berger, 
Kristina Biddle, Lauren Blanchard, Raymond Bogan, Bryan Boughton, Neill 
Bransford, Shannon Bream, Kristin Brown, Jenny Buchholz, Tucker Carlson, 
Walter Carter, Jr., Barnini Chakraborty, Louis Charlip, Jacqueline Christ, 
Gabriella Ciuffetelli, Casey Clarke, Richard Cockerham, Bryan Cole, Eric 
Colimore, Eric Conner, Kevin Corke, Christian Costa, Charles Couger, Ashley 
Cozzolino, Lorraine Crim, Rebecca Cuozzo, Jessica Curry, Jodie Curtis, 
Wendy Dawson, Debra DeFrank, Andres del Aguila, Michael Demark, Mary Pat 
Dennert, Danielle DiBartolo, Richard DiBella, Brian Doherty, Jason Donner, 
Peter Doocy, Kristofer Dowdell, Cecilia Duffy, Jerry Echols, William 
Edmondson, Richard Edson, Michael Emanuel, Amy Fenton, Robert Fetzer, Mark 
Finch, Benjamin Florance, Kristin Forehand, Elizabeth Friden, Christian 
Galdabini, Melinda Galey, Juan Garcia, Evan Gardner, Jake Gibson, Gary 
Gillis, Dennis Gonzalez, Trevor Greene, Jennifer Griffin, Sanford Grimes, 
Caroline Hagan, Lacey Halpern, Marie Harf, Brandon Harrison, Guerin Hays, 
Edward Henry, Stacy Hickman, Martin Hill, Priscilla Huff, Mary Hughes, 
Alexander Hume, Brett Hyman, Nunu Japaridze, William Jenkins, George 
Jewsevskyj, Christopher Jimenez, Mahreon Johnson, Kellianne Jones, Stephen 
Jones, Torrance Jones, Nathalie Joost, Nicholas Kalman, Hufsa Kamal, 
Stephen Kanicka, Elvan Katmer, Colleen Kelley, Colleen Kenney, Grigory 
Khananayev, Vandana Kilaru, Kevin Kirby, Henry Klapper, Ashley Koerber 
Moir, Jenica Krall, Barbara Krieger, Howard Kurtz, Donna Lacey, April 
LaFever, Sean Langille, Dario Lanzano, Matthew Leach, Lillian LeCroy, 
Philip LeCroy, James Levinson, Edward Lewis, Jessica Loker, Scott Low, 
Zachary Lowie, Wayne Lowman, Mary Lucas, Douglas Luzader, Emily Lynn, 
Michael Maltas, David McAlpine, Brianna McClelland, George McCloskey, 
Brigid Mary McDonnell, Constance McDonough, Cheryl McEachern, Erin McEwan, 
Caroline McKee, Douglas McKelway, William Mears, Mark Meredith, Nardos 
Mesmer, Erenia Michell, Simone Middleton, Marina Minas, Tamara Montgomery, 
Oddessey Moore, Richard Morse, Mark Moynihan, Seleena Muhammad, Amy 
Munneke, Tim Murphy, Megan Myers, Blake Neff, James Nelson, Megan Neunan, 
Virginia Nicolaidis, Elise Norris, Quillie Odom, Andrea O'Grady, Jessica 
O'Hara, Kendra Olson, Paige Page, Alexandra Pamias Reichard, Raymond 
Pappas, Stephanie Parr, Bradford Paxton, Chad Pergram, Sally Persons, 
Daniel Petrilli, Alexander Pfeiffer, Kelly Phares, Shonequa Plummer, Ali 
Rad, Alexandra Rego, Matthew Reidy, Owen Renfro, David Renken, Katheryn 
Ricalde, Grace Richardson, Anne Marie Riha, Christina Robbins, Michael 
Robbins, John Robertson, Douglas Rohrbeck, William Sammon, Joseph Sargis, 
Craig Savage, Hamid Savage, Marisa Schultz, Joseph Sciacca, Steven Shelton, 
Anita Siegfriedt, William Sleiman, Ethan Smith, Jason Smith, Teresa 
Spector, David Spunt, Seneca Stevens, Christopher Stirewalt, Matthew Stout, 
Eric Strain, James Suddeth, Kelly Summers, Patrick Summers, David Sweet, 
Louis Tartaglia, Garrett Tenney, Sarah Tobianski, Lucas Tomlinson, Bree 
Tracey, Gillian Turner, Hayley Turner, Kathryn VanLaere, Bryce Vinson, 
Christopher Visioli, Leland Vittert, Philip Vogel, Christopher Wallace, 
John

[[Page 1071]]

Wallace, Neil Wallace, Taylor Walters, Donald Ward, Amy Wehinger, Meghan 
Welsh, Caroline Whiteman, Walter Whitley, Anna Willey, John Williams, 
Colleen Williams Vyas, Anne Marie Willis, Tracy Winborn, Christina Wurm, 
Bilei Zhang, Anthony Zucconi.

 FOX NEWS RADIO--(212) 301-5800; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20001: Jason Austin, Jason Bonewald, Jonathan Decker, Maria Donovan, 
Jared Halpern, Melissa Kraus, Sarah McCrory, Jill Nado, Thomas Root, 
Matthew Schmidt, Gurnal Scott, Daniel Shields, Rachel Sutherland, John 
Sylvester, Henry Weinbloom, Tonya Williams.

 FRANCE 24--(703) 340-5577; 9506 Blarney Stone Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Angie Omar, Fanny Allard, Kethevane Gorjestani, Yona Helaoua, 
Matthieu Mabin.

 FRANCE 2 TELEVISION--(202) 833-1818; 1620 I St, NW., Washington, DC 20006: 
Thomas Donzel, Fabien Fougere, Charlotte Mattout, Loic Michel de la 
Morvonnais, Arielle Monange, Rebecca Suner, Agnes Vahramian.

 FUJI TV JAPAN--(202) 347-1600; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 20045: Mizumi Dutcher, Peter Gold, Yuki Ishibashi, Aaron 
Maisler, Toshiyuki Matsuyama, Matthew Mosley, Frank Pallone, Ryutaro 
Sejima, Tomokazu Shibaki.

 GALEI-TZAHAL (ISRAEL ARMY RADIO)--(301) 520-2503; 112 Shaw Avenue Silver 
Spring, MD 20904: Drora Perl.

 GERMAN PRESS AGENCY--(202) 662-1220; 1112 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Christina Eck.

 GERMAN PUBLIC RADIO (ARD)--(202) 342-1730; 3132 M Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20007: Jan Boesche, Katrin Brand, Martina Buttler, Martin Ganslmeier, 
Eva Graumann, Sebastian Hesse-Kastein, Simon-Laslo Janssen, Astrid Joehnk, 
Julia Kastein, Thilo Koessler, Arthur Landwehr, Torben Ostermann, Diana 
Robbins, Sebastian Schreiber, Torsten Teichmann.

 GERMAN TV (ARD)--(202) 298-6535; 3132 M Street, NW., Washington, DC 20007: 
Jan Aulenkamp, Claudia Buckenmaier, Verena Buenten, Jan Philipp Burgard, 
Robert Cherouny, Daniel Doernen, Karin Dohr-Grill, Christina Freitag-
Schmitt, Hillery Gallasch, Maren Hennemuth, Florian Kroker, Christina 
Lucas, Connor Malone, Stefan Niemann, Robert Shire, Michaela Werner, Marion 
Zschieschang.

 GERMAN TV (ZDF)--(202) 333-3909; 1077 31st Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Hebah Abdalla, Annette Brieger, Kirsten Candia, Teresa Eder, Lara 
Esfahani, Heidi Fleischer Belmar, Fabian Gatza, Ralf Hartwig, Francisco-
Ruben Herrera, Melanie Hillmann, Britta Jaeger, Wolfgang Kotke, Wolfgang 
Macholz, Claudia Offermann, Steffanie Riess, Hans-Peter Schloemer, Patrice 
See, Jan Seifert, Stefan Simons, Heike Slansky, Andrea Thevessen, Elmar 
Thevessen, Ines Trams, Uyanga Tserenbaljid, Elke Tucker.

 GLOBAL TV CANADA--(202) 824-6771; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., #850, 
Washington, DC 20001: Jackson Proskow.

 GPI TV--P.O. Box 218, Garrett Park, MD 20896: Kenneth Beyer, Matthew 
LeClair, Sam Pinczuk, Robert Wiley.

 GRAY TELEVISION--(202) 910-8644; 500 New Jersey Avenue, Suite 350, 
Washington, DC 20001: David Ade, Lisa Allen, Jillian Angeline, Alana 
Austin, Karen Daborowski, Theodore Fioraliso, Natalie Grim, Arielle 
Hawkins, Conor Hollingsworth, Kristin Kasper, Timothy Knapp, Allison Maass, 
Jacqueline McCarthy, Kyle Midura, Maribel Padial, Tyler Smith, Peter Zampa.

 GROUPE TVA--(202) 822-4588; 820 1st Street, NE., Washington, DC 20002: 
Charles De Poilloue De Saint Perier, Richard Latendresse, Tracey Madigan.

 GRUPO RADIO CENTRO--12319 Houser Drive, Clarksburg, MD 20871: Dinah Luis 
Saracho de Meraz.

 HEARST TELEVISION INC--(202) 457-0220; 1100 13th Street, NW., #950, 
Washington, DC 20005: Mark Albert, Rebecca Bainer, April Chunko, Octavia 
Crocker, Kevin Crosby, Aixa Diaz Morales, Deanna Fry, Kirsty Hastings-
Jones, Brady Headington, Jarred Hill, Sally F. Kidd, Carlos Olazagasti, 
David Postovit, Matthew Prichard, Travis Sherwin, Erin Skeele, Christopher 
Smyth, Courtney Sonn, Wendy Wilk, Emily Wishingrad.

 HELLENIC PUBLIC TV--(202) 413-9219; 2742 Thornbrook Court, Odenton, MD 
21113: Eleni Argyri.

 HISPANIC COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK--(202) 360-4112; 529 14th Street, NW., 
Suite 827, Washington, DC 20045: Alvaro Argueta Colina, Pablo Castro, Jose 
Lopez Zamorano, Mercy Padilla, Beni Paz-Goldenheart.

 HONG KONG PHOENIX SATELLITE TELEVISION--101 Constitution Avenue, NW., #920 
East, Washington, DC 20001: Chieh-Yuan Chen, Lingnan Chen, Yi Qiu Chen, 
Zhuo Huang, Senhao Liu, Tao Lu, Bingru Wang, Tianyi Wang, Youyou Wang, 
Chang Wei.

 HRT / CROATIAN RADIO TELEVISION--1230 23rd Street, Washington, DC 20037: 
Branka Slavica.

 I24 NEWS--(202) 641-9289; 1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 400, Washington, DC 
20005: Mounira Al Hmoud, Shayna Estulin, Philippe Gassot, Alison Kurtzman, 
Njuwa Maina, Daniel Raviv, Alexandra Rhoades, Michael Shure, Ariel 
Zimerman.

 IMAGINATION MEDIA--(301) 567-2222; 810 Broderick Drive, Oxon Hill, MD 
20745: Stephen Boney, Darnley Hodge, Mansa Johnson, Darius Lyles, Sowande 
Tichawonna.

 INDEPENDENT TELEVISION NEWS (ITN)--400 North Capitol Street, NW., #899, 
Washington, DC 20008: Sophie Alexander, Serena Barker-Singh, Adam Blair, 
Georgina Brewer, Alexander Chandler,

[[Page 1072]]

Sarah Cherrie, Mark Davey, Anna Lisa Fuglesang, Sarah Gough, Danielle 
Isdale, Siobhan Kennedy, Ben Martin, Bradley McLennan, Robert Moore, Kylie 
Morris, Solape Renner, David Sampy, Christopher Shlemon, Millicent 
Teasdale.

 INTER TV--(202) 415-8624; 801 15th Street, #802, Arlington, VA 22202: 
Dmytro Anopchenko, Sergii Dubinin, Sergii Koval.

 ISRAEL TELEVISION AND RADIO--3412 Woolsey Drive, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Nathan Guttman.

 JTBC--529 14th Street, NW., Suite 997, Washington, DC 20045: Hannah Choi, 
Hyunki Kim, Joseph Lee, Jong Ju Lim, Hanbyul Park.

 KAISER HEALTH NEWS--(202) 654-1466; 1330 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Francis Ying.

 KOREAN BROADCASTING SYSTEMS--(202) 662-7345; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 
1055, Washington, DC 20045: Joo Sik Ahn, Kyuseok Han, Ho Sung Jin, Chul 
Young Keum, Kyung Hyun Kim, Woong Kyu Kim, Yeong Seon Kim, Jae Won Lee, 
Dongsoo Lim, Hye Jun Seo, Ja Ryen Seo, Jiyoung Seo.

 LASLO CONGRESSIONAL BUREAU--(202) 510-4331; 1705 East West Highway, #519, 
Silver Spring, MD 20910: Vaughn Golden, Matthew Laslo, Tomas LoBianco.

 LILLY BROADCASTING--(202) 440-3831; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 22201: Matthew Knoedler.

 MBC-TV KOREA (MUNHWA)--529 14th Street, NW., #1131, Washington, DC 20045: 
SangDo Lee, Sang Lim, Sungho Park, Hong Gyu Yeo.

 MEDILL NEWS SERVICE--1325 G Street, NW., #730, Washington, DC 20005: Joie 
Chen.

 METRO TELEPRODUCTIONS--(301) 608-9077; 2500 Virginia Avenue, NW., 416 S, 
Washington, MD 20037: James Harris, William Kaplan, David Lilling.

 MIDDLE EAST BROADCASTING NETWORKS (MBN)--7600-D Boston Boulevard, 
Springfield, VA 22153: Ali Ahmed, Nihad Aliakbar, Charbel Antoun, Babu 
Aryankalavil, Dennis Baltimore, Kalyl Bentwila, Maher Bey, Hicham Bourar, 
Nkwenten Ejedepang-Koge, Hosny Elgazar, John Elgin, Areig Elhag, Daniel 
Farkas, Rabah Filali, Michel Ghandour, Stephen Heiner, Wafaa Jibai, Basheer 
Khaleefah, Ali Mahdi, Michael Marno, Timothy Miller, William Moore, Luis 
Munoz, Adam Nixon, James Norris, Islam Sharief, Joseph Tabet, Karen 
Yianopoulos, Elizabeth Zosso.

 MORNINGSIDE PARTNERS, LLC--4200 Forbes Road Suite 200, Lanham, MD 20706: 
Dawin Adridge, Tony Anthony, Elizabeth Pennell, Nevin Rhodes, Chad 
Schwartz, Juvenal Uribe, Marlon Zeledon.

 NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO--(202) 513-2073; 1111 North Capitol Street, NE., 
Washington, DC 20002: Stacey Abbott, Reena Advani, Augustine Aiello, Timur 
Akman-Duffy, Ammar Ali, Sohail Anwar, Rolando Arrieta, Gail Austin, 
Elizabeth Baker, Robert Baldwin III, Mark Bejarano, Robert Benincasa, Emily 
Bernice, Christopher Berry, David Blanchard, Melissa Block, Brakkton 
Booker, Patrick Boyd, Sophia Boyd, Natasha Branch, Ashley Brown, Geoffrey 
Brumfiel, Dennis Byrnes, Ivonne Cala, Noah Caldwell-Rafferty, Ailsa Chang, 
Daniel Charles, Carlos Chevez, David Chhour, Zachary Coleman, Jacob Conrad, 
Gustavo Contreras, Audie Cornish Emery, Carl Craft, William Craig, Michael 
Cullen, Michael Czaplinski, Janet Czys, Susan Davis, Jessica Deahl, Bridget 
De Chagas, Scott Detrow, Connor Donevan, Aboubacar Drabo, Alex Drewenskus, 
Windsor Edwards, Ronald Elving, Faizan Farooq, Pamela Fessler, Karl Fitzke, 
James Gerhiser, Elizabeth Gilles, Barton Girdwood, Donald Gonyea, Barry 
Gordemer, Tamara Gordon, Peter Granitz, David Greene, Samuel Gringlas, 
Claudia Grisales, Bo Hamby, Taylor Haney, Claire Harbage, Barrie Hardymon, 
Sydney Harper, Richard Harris, Shirley Henry, Rebecca Hersher, Lauren 
Hodges, TaShick Holland, Scott Horsley, Andrea Hsu, Andrew Huether, Steven 
Inskeep, Brian Jarboe, Ricky Jarrett, Carrie Johnson, Aubri Juhasz, John 
Keator, Michele Kelemen, Mary Kelly, Miranda Kennedy, Junaid Khan, Caitlyn 
Kim, Alison Kodjak, Danielle Kurtzleben, Kevin Langley, Viet Le, Mara 
Liasson, Katherine Lonsdorf, Ryan Lucas, Timothy Mak, John Marchitto, 
Melissa Marquis, Colin Marshall, Michel Martin, Rachel Martin, James 
Mastromarino, Sharon McCalister, Sarah McCammon, Eric McDaniel, Cecily 
Meza-Martinez, Nicholas Michael, Joseph Mills, Domenico Montanaro, Elena 
Moore, Steven Mullis Jr., John Myre, Brian Naylor, Joe Neel, Brett Neely, 
Jackie Northam, Ammad Omar, Amarachukwu Omeokwe-Davis, Francisco Ordonez, 
Peter Overby, Matthew Ozug, Joseph Palca, Calvin Park, Miles Parks, Firoze 
Pasha, Christina Peck, Julia Pereira, John Poole, Julia Redpath, Joshua 
Rogosin, Stacey Samuel, Lexie Schapitl, Arnold Seipel, Alina Selyukh 
Pickeral, Ari Shapiro, Arthur Silverman, Selena Simmons-Duffin, Kelsey 
Snell, John Speer, Barbara Sprunt, Rob Stein, Ian Stewart, Evie Stone, 
Laura Sullivan, Rebecca Sullivan, Fatma Tanis, Jessica Taylor, Gerald 
Tennant, Neil David Tevault, Sharahn Thomas, Kevin Tidmarsh, Nina 
Totenberg, Ayesha Trice, Anthony Utz, Kevin Wait, Deirdre Walsh, Gemma 
Watters, David Welna, Kelli Wessinger, Ashley Westerman, Catherine Whelan, 
Victoria Whitley-Berry, James Willetts, Natalie Winston, Mallory Yu, Pias 
Zaman, Michael Zamora.

 NATIONAL SCENE NEWS--1030 15th Street, NW., Suite 333-UB, Washington, DC 
20005: Gloria Minott, Askia Muhammad.

 NATIVE AMERICAN TV (NATV)--17690 Old Waterford Road, Leesburg, VA 20176: 
Robert Cohencious, Randolph Flood, Elizabeth Lorenzen.

 NBC NEWS--(202) 885-4200; 4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20016: 
Natalia Abrahams, Douglas Adams, Oluwatomike Adeboyejo, Julia Ainsley, 
Carmen Alba, Peter Alexander, Jonathan

[[Page 1073]]

Allen, Roberto Aneiva, Chloe Arensberg, Sal Aridi, David Aronson, Chloe 
Atkins, Kenneth Austin, Alexandra Bacallao, Jordan Bailey, Sarah Baker, 
Daniel Barnes, Rodney Batten, Matthew Bauer, Camille Behnke, Jasmine 
Belton, Jordan Belton, Geoffrey Bennett, Justin Bennett, Jay Blackman, John 
Blackman, Sarah Blackwill, Victoria Blooston, Joseph Bohannon, Cory Booker, 
Sally Bronston, Sarah Brooke, Courtney Buble, Norman Butler, Leigh Ann 
Caldwell, Timothy Canalichio, Anthony Capra, Bradleigh Chance, Ciara Cione, 
Robert Ciridon, Julia Clancy, Micaela Colonna, Joseph Cook, Nero Cooper 
Jr., Thomas Costello, Natalie Cucchiara, Ryan Cullen, Rene Cunanan, 
Caroline Dann, Sarah Dean, Daniel De Luce, Edward Demaria, Kenneth 
Dilanian, Ilana Drimmer, Sarah Drory, Victoria Duncan, James Eastham, 
Lauren Egan, Morgan Ellingham, Mitchell Felan, Alexandra Flowers, Maureen 
Flynn, David Forman, Scott Foster, Scott Fowler, Stacey Fox, Jillian 
Frankel, Melissa Frankel, Jordan Frasier, Drew Fredrickson, John Gaffney, 
Morgan Gaffney, Mosheh Gains, Fallon Gallagher, Suzanne Gamboa, Richard 
Gardella, Keith Gaskin, Dimitrios Gerondidakis, Brian Gessner, Charles 
Gile, Elizabeth Gilmore, Justice Gilpin-Green, Emily Gold, Cesar Gonzalez 
Martinez, Robin Gradison, James Greene, Andrew Gross, Garrett Grumbach, 
Garrett Haake, Sylvia Haller, Candice Harrington, Mikayla Harris, 
Christopher Hartman, Edmund Hatch, William Hatfield, Owen Hayes, Jonathan 
Helman, Christopher Henry, Robert Heritage, Ricardo Higgins, Vaughn 
Hillyard, Charles Hoffman, Charles Howard, Richard Hudock, James Hughes, 
Kasie Hunt, Joshua Hunter, Michael Iacone, Hallie Jackson, Acacia James, 
Alicia Jennings, Geet Jeswani, Gwyneth Jones, Carol Joynt, Benjamin 
Kamisar, Terence Kelly, Jeffrey Kepnes, Javaria Khan, Suzy Khimm, Anastasia 
Khizder, Ryan Kiernan, Diana Kim, William Koch, Kailani Koenig-Muenster, 
Michael Kosnar, Courtney Kube, Natasha Lebedeva, Joshua Lederman, Carol 
Lee, Arthur Lien, Caryn Littler, Kathleen Lockhart, Joseph Loebach, James 
Long, Gary Lynn, Hannah Malone, Marc Marriott, Gregory Martin, Joseph 
Martin, Christopher Matthews, Valerie McCabe, Lauren McCulloch, Lee 
McKinney, Jennifer Meadows, Michael Memoli, Julia Metjian, David Mikutsky, 
Christopher Millar, Alexander Mitchell, Andrea Mitchell, Steven Mitnick, 
Marissa Mizroch, Raymond Morada, Davone Morales, Shaheen Mozaffari, Bridget 
Mulcahy, Tiffany Mullon, Mark Murray, Rosetta Murry, Sooji Nam, Jason Neal, 
Michelle Neal, Donna Nelson-Schneider, Elizabeth Nevins, Hans Nichols, 
Nkechi Nneji, David O'Brien, Kelly O'Donnell, Charles Olmstead, Jennifer 
O'Neil, Gregory Overzat, Hope Palmer, Elyse Perlmutter-Gumbiner, Sarah 
Ploss, Heidi Przybyla, John Quinnette, George Rabbe, Alonzo Ray, Chester 
Reis, John Reiss, Talesha Reynolds, Stephanie Rigizadeh, Paul Rigney, 
Matthew Rivera, Kelvin Robinson, Audrey Rotella, Jacob Rubashkin, Allison 
Sandza, Benjamin Sarlin, Alexis Saunders, Stacey Schmerling, Andrew 
Scritchfield, Wesley Scruggs, Carl Sears, Joel Seidman, Alexander Seitz-
Wald, Maria Sevilla, Rebecca Shabad, Joseph Shalhoup, Deepa Shivaram, 
Rebecca Sinderbrand, Aaron Skopek, Charles Slie, Cassano Smith, Terrance 
Smith, Kimberly Sneed, Gilbert Solorzano, Marianna Sotomayor, Tess Speiser, 
Annette Stang, Kyle Stewart, Eileen Street, Kenneth Strickland, Laura 
Strickler, Haley Talbot, Michael Terrel, Frank Thorp, Charles Todd, 
Demetrea Triantafillides, Ashlee Trujillo, Julia Tsirkin, Frederica 
Tunnard, Tina Urbanski, Caroline Vakil, Vaughn Ververs, Alexandra Vitali, 
Susan Vitorovich, Quinn Warner, Misha Wee, Cydney Weiner, John Weir, 
Kristen Welker, Christopher Whittington, Winston Wilde, Abigail Williams, 
Louis Williams, Roxanne Williams, Calum Williamson, Christopher Williamson, 
Rachel Witkin, Ezekial Wohlrab, Joel Woodruff, Victor Young, Robert 
Zeliger, Joaquin Zumbado.

 NBC NEWSCHANNEL--(202) 783-2615; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 850, 
Washington, DC 20001: Blayne Bailey, Alice Barr, Sheila Conlin, Ray Davis, 
Michael Dobal, Jonathan Einarsen, Nancy Ellard, Sheri Lynn Gibson, Nelson 
Ginebra, Andrew Godsick, Candace Gordon, James Hurt, Julie Jarvis, Mary 
Jennifer Johnson, James Karp, Nicole McManus, Brian Mooar, Steven Muskat, 
William Newberry, Michael O'Connell, Tracie Potts, Cecil John Sills, 
Christopher Skokowski, Casey Wexler, Christopher Wiggins.

 NBC NEWS RADIO--(602) 374-6100; 1801 Rockville Pike, 5th Floor, Rockville, 
MD 20852: Joseph Guzman, Terrence Moore.

 NEWS2SHARE--5453 30th Place, NE., Washington, DC 20015: Alejandro Alvarez, 
Andrew Fischer.

 NEW TANG DYNASTY TV--(202) 449-9480; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 446, 
Washington, MD 20045: Haipeng Du, Gail Kellum, Chuan Lin, Shenghua Sung, 
Yang Wang, Wei Wu, Lixin Yang, Ziyi Yang, Simone Young.

 NEXSTAR MEDIA GROUP--(202) 570-5610; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20001: Holley Coil, Kevin Dermody, Jessica Grossheim, 
Andreia Jones Jackson, Don Kauffman, Joseph Khalil, Stephen Lowery, Raquel 
Martin, Kellie Meyer, William Mondora, Alexandra Parresol, Drew Petrimoulx, 
Trevor Shirley, Anna Wiernicki, Morgan Wright.

 NHK--(202) 828-5180; 2030 M Street, NW., #706, Washington, DC 20006: 
Masaki Arai, Drew Aral, Hitomi Ballard, Shun Ishibe, Yusaku Ishii, April 
Kim, Kenji Kohno, Torao Kono, Takeshi Kurihara, Benjamin Marks, David 
McCagg, Atsutoshi Nishikawa, Momoca Nishimoto, Esther Oh, Yusuke Ota, 
Kentaro Tanaka, Kiyoshi Tanno, Andrea Vega Yudico, Jennifer White, Takeshi 
Yamasaki, Yosuke Yoshitake, Hideki Yui.

 NIPPON TV NETWORK--(202) 638-0890; 529 14th Street, NW., #1036, 
Washington, DC 20045: Takaaki Abe, Tomoko Beck, Kathryn Harada, Mariko 
Hoshi, Yukimasa Inoue, Jumpei Shimizu, Hikari Tanaka, Ryoichiro Yaoka.

[[Page 1074]]

 NORWEGIAN BROADCASTING--(202) 785-1460; 2000 M Street, NW., #890, 
Washington, DC 20036: Anders Magnus, Veronica Westhrin.

 NOW THIS NEWS--Discovery Networks c / o NowThis, One Discovery Place, 
Silver Spring, MD 20910: Ciara Allen, Robert Baynard, Jackson Davis, Zinhle 
Essamuah, Douglas Forte, Zahra Haider, Allan Piper, Nicholas Pitney, Rex 
Sakamoto, James Thomas.

 NTN24--1333 H Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: Gustau Alegret, Alfredo 
Duarte, Golda Fogel, Mario Gonzalez, Marco Granda-Murillo, Paul Henry 
Guevara Medrano, Melissa Hobaica Santa Cruz, Valeria Massarelli, Emiliana 
Molina, Julio Moreno Vargas, Valdemar Rodriguez, Carolina Valladares Perez, 
Laura Zelaya.

 N-TV GERMAN NEWS CHANNEL--1100 13th Street, NW., Suite 400, Washington, DC 
20005: Peter Kleim, Florian Metelerkamp.

 ONE AMERICA--(858) 270-690; 101 Constitution Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 
20001: Noah Arnold, Tyler Atchison, Bonnie Breuner, Jordan Clifford, Colin 
Eustace, Girish Gaur, Ryan Girdusky, Charles Herring, Dawn Herring, John 
Hines, Stefan Kleinhenz, Brian Maresco, Neil McCabe, Peter Musurlian, Nile 
Myers, Richard Pollock, John Posobiec, Young Richardson, Chanel Rion, 
Emerald Robinson, Caitlin Sinclair, Hannah Styles, Joseph Thompson, Olutayo 
Tikare, Zhuoqin Yang.

 PBS NEWSHOUR--3620 S. 27th Street, Arlington, VA 22206: Yamiche Alcindor, 
Victoria Aronson, William Brangham, Frank Carlson, Emily Carpeaux, Jaywon 
Choe, David Coles, Tess Conciatori, Daniel Cooney, Alexandra D'Elia, Lisa 
Desjardins, Sydni Dreher, Diane Estes, Gretchen Frazee, Michael Fritz, 
Elizabeth Gardinier, Julia Griffin, Kathryn Grumke, Geoffrey Lou Guray, 
Erica Hendry, Jason Kane, Saher Khan, Stephanie Kotuby, Samuel Lane, 
Meredith Lee, Jamie Leventhal, Matthew Loffman, Leah Nagy, Rhana Natour, 
Courtney Norris, Ali Rogin, Daniel Sagalyn, Nicholas Schifrin, Magan 
Sherzai, Matthew Speiser, Kira Wakeam, Rachel Wellford, Amna Werdel, Daniel 
Yang, John Yang.

 POLITICO.COM--(703) 842-1791; 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 601, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Jennifer Ament, Eugene Daniels, Camille Minters, Mary Newman, 
Annie Rees, David Shaw.

 PROYECTO PUENTE--2300 Darius Lane, Reston, VA 20191: Dolia Pettingell.

 RADIO FRANCE--3126 Dumbarton Street, NW., Washington, DC 20007: Gregory 
Philipps.

 RADIO FRANCE INTERNATIONALE--4509 Ellicott Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20016: Anne Corpet.

 RADIO FREE ASIA--(202) 530-4900; 2025 M Street, NW., #300, Washington, DC 
20036: Han Chen, Tsung-shen Cheng, Vanrith Chrea, Passang Dhonden, Tenzin 
Dickyi, Nordhey Dolma, Richard Finney, Leung Fok, Geri Geriquiji, Duk In 
Han, King Ho, Gulchehra Hoja, Albert Hong, Yewon Ji, Mamatjan Juma, Jilil 
Kashgary, Andrew Kennedy, Sovannarith Keo, Vivian Kieffer, Jin Kuk Kim, 
Soyoung Kim, Nayrein Kyaw, Kyu Sang Lee, Sangmin Lee, Xiaoqiang Liao, Wai 
Lo, Lucy Lu, Dhanesh Mahtani, Min Mitchell, Corey Munford, Nareth Muong, 
July Myo, Sarkis Najarian, Anh Nguyen, Kuerban Niyazi, Jung Noh, Jung-Woo 
Park, Parameswaran Ponnudurai, Brian Powell, Kyung Rhee, Aungthu Schlenker, 
Alim Seytoff, Khin Maung Soe, Yeshi Tashi, Hamuti Tayier, Hoa Ai Tran, 
Yufen Tsao, Jianying Wang, Xiaoquan Wang, Tamdin Wangchuk, Tashi Wangchuk, 
Eugene Whong, Hee Yang, Samean Yun.

 RADIO FREE EUROPE--(202) 457-6900; 1201 Connecticut Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20036: Todd Prince.

 RADIO ONE--(301) 565-8182; 8515 Georgia Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20910: 
Christopher Johnson, Kent Kramer, Samuel Tatum, Ronald Thompson, Zeplyn 
Tillman, Jeffrey Wilson.

 REGIONAL NEWS NETWORK (RNN)--400 North Capitol Street, NW., #775, 
Washington, DC 20001: David Sloan.

 REUTERS RADIO & TV--(202) 898-0056; 1333 H Street, NW., 6th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Daniel Balinovic, Anoopam Bharania, Robert Brock, 
Peter Bullock, Arlene Eiras, Elizabeth Feria, J. Kevin Fogarty, Marie 
Frail, Nathaniel Frandino, Gavino Garay, Deborah Gembara, Pavithra George, 
Rodrek Golden, Katharine Jackson, Kia Johnson, Vanessa Johnston, Lisa 
Lewnes, Deborah Lutterbeck, Labib Nasir, Kristin Neubauer, Gershon Peaks, 
Don Pessin, Mana Rabiee, Joel Reyes, Tom Rowe, Joseph Shaw, Roger Shull, 
Linda So, George Tamerlani, Scott Vaughan, Michael Weekes.

 RTE-IRISH RADIO & TV--(202) 467-5933; 2000 M Street, NW., #315, 
Washington, DC 20036: Brian O'Donovan.

 RTP PORTUGUESE PUBLIC TELEVISION--(202) 774-8608; 2400 16th Street, NW., 
Apt 15, Washington, DC 20008: Ricardo Bica Vieira Guerreiro, Joao de 
Vasconcelos Albino da Silva.

 RTV SLOVENIJA--(202) 604-2268; 1841 Columbia Road, NW., Washington, DC 
20009: Andrej Stopar, Tamara Vodopivec.

 RURAL TV NEWS--(202) 554-0514; 611 Pennsylvania Avenue, SE., Suite 397, 
Washington, DC 20003: Clifton Jackson, Corryn La Rue, Sarah Mock.

 RUSSIAN STATE TV AND RADIO (RTR)--(202) 262-2595; 2000 N Street, NW., 
Suite 810, Washington, DC 20007: Denis Davydov, Alexander Khristenko, 
Nikolay Koskin.

 RUSTAVI 2 BROADCASTING COMPANY--1111 Army Navy Drive Unit 127, Arlington, 
VA 22202: Aleksandre Papinashvili.

 SAGARMATHA TELEVISION--(703) 926-9530; 9655 Hawkshead Drive, Lorton, VA 
22079: Nilu Kharel, Ram Kharel, Sharmila Uprety.

[[Page 1075]]

 SCRIPPS NEWS--1100 13th Street, NW. Suite 450, Suite 450, Washington, DC 
20005: Matthew Anzur, Daniel Bloom, Roseann Cima, Kevin Clancy, Benjamin 
Cobb, Carrie Cochran, Zachary Cusson, Susan Doherty, Adam Elrashidi, Bianca 
Facchinei, Mark Fahey, Terace Garnier, Jake Godin, Mark Greenblatt, Lawan 
Hamilton, Angela Hill, Kellan Howell, Alexandra Ingber, Willie Inman, 
Austin Landis, Eric Lochstampfor, Maren Machles, Joseph Merkel, Alexandra 
Miller, Vivek Narayan, Maira Nolasco, Matthew Picht, Luke Piotrowski, 
Claude Pruitt, Kyle Pyatt, Andrew Rafferty, Corey Rangel, Susanne Reber, 
Maya Rodriguez, Ellen Rolfes, Pathik Root, Kristine Schantz, Chance Seales, 
Matthew Simon, Megan Smith, Amber Strong, Patrick Terpstra, Zachary Toombs, 
Alexandra Travis, Nicole Vowell, Ellen Weiss, Jeffrey Wick, Alexandra 
Zuckerman.

 SEOUL BROADCASTING SYSTEM (SBS)--(202) 637-9850; 529 14th Street, NW., 
#979, Washington, DC 20045: Sung Soo Han, Joonhyung Jung, Soohyung Kim, 
Jung S. Oh, Edward Park, Seokmin Sohn.

 SHENZHEN MEDIA GROUP (SZMG)--(202) 815-6463; 1330S Fair Street, Apt. 1101, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Zheng Chen, Chi Hai Kwan.

 SIGHTLINE MEDIA GROUP--(703) 750-7479; 1919 Gallows Road, Vienna, VA 
22182: John Bretschneider, Jeffrey Martin, Benjamin Murray, Daniel 
Woolfolk.

 SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP--(410) 568-1500; 10706 Beaver Dam Rd., 
Cockeysville, MD 21030: Angelica Alvarez-Ibarra, Sharyl Attkisson, Mariana 
Barillas, Bryan Barr, David Bernknopf, Leandra Bernstein, Eric Bolling, 
Cheryl Carson, Namita Chopra, Paul Courson 3rd, Larry Deal, AnnaMaria 
DiPietro, Natalie Fertig, Jessica Floyd, Andrew Hall, Mark Hyman, Lee 
Jenkins, David Johns, Lindsey Leake, Louis Libin, Lisa Lisko, Stephen 
Loiaconi, Daniel Lyon, Michelle Macaluso, Mark Orchard, Russel George Read, 
James Rosen, Kristin Smith, John Stansfield, Daniel Steinberger, Scott 
Thuman.

 SINOVISION--2111 Jefferson Davis Highway, #202N, Arlington, VA 22202: Han 
Cui.

 SIRIUS XM SATELLITE RADIO--(202) 380-4000; 1500 Eckington Place, NE., 
Washington, DC 20002: Daniel Berdiel, Katherine Caperton, Paul DeMilio, 
Patrick Ferrise, Christopher Frates, Charla Freeland, Jennifer Hammond, 
Jenna Hecker, Robert Henry, Olivier Knox, Shannon Lynch, Jennifer McLellan, 
Kerry Picket.

 SKY NEWS--400 North Capitol Street, NW., #550, Washington, DC 20001: 
Rebecca Cotterill, Cordelia Lynch, Dickon Mager, Greg Milam, Christopher 
Pearson, Emily Purser, Duncan Sharp, Emily Upton, Amanda Walker.

 SKY NEWS ARABIA--400 North Capitol, Suite 770, Washington, DC 20001: Omar 
Ali, Mohaimen Aljasheme, Sohail Alshaer, Adam Awada, Artun Fatih, James 
Martone, Hiba Nasr, Osamah Smysom.

 SMALL HOUSE PRODUCTIONS--10304 Royal Woods Court, Montgomery Village, MD 
20886: Nickouszha Belha, Juan Carlos Diaz, George Leidsmar, Wingel Pinzon, 
Henry Pinzon-Contreras, Edwin Ramirez.

 SPECTRUM NEWS--(202) 783-0565; 400 North Capitol Street, NW., Suite G-95, 
Washington, DC 20001: Andrew Balot, Carl Brewer, Margaret Chadbourn, Kevin 
Frey, Saskia Hennecke, Shawn Klein, Samuel Lisker, Eva McKend, Maureen 
McManus, Christopher Mohall, Minh Tuyen Nguyen, Vincent Pecoraro, Taylor 
Popielarz, Samantha-Jo Roth, Taurean Small, Erik Tavcar, Christopher 
Thomas, Jeevan Vittal, Colleen Wordock.

 SRN NEWS (SALEM)--(703) 528-6213; 1901 North Moore Street, #201, 
Arlington, VA 22209: Robert Agnew, Shepard Bennett, Gregory Clugston, LeRoy 
Froom, Walter Hindes, John Lormand, Jeffrey Matzka, Andrew Stewart.

 STATELINE--901 E Street, NW., Washington, DC 20004: Alayna Alvarez, 
Barbara Barrett, Jenni Bergal, Scott Greenberger, Thomas Henderson, Michael 
Ollove, Elaine Povich, Sophie Quinton, April Simpson, Noelle Straub, 
Matthew Vasilogambros, Christine Vestal, Teresa Wiltz.

 SWEDISH BROADCASTING--(202) 785 1727; 2000 M Street, NW., Suite 890, 
Washington, DC 20036: Stefan Asberg, Barbro Carina Bergfeldt, Kajsa 
Boglind, Ove Erik Andreas Zernell.

 SWISS BROADCASTING--(202) 429 9668; 2000 M Street, NW., Suite 370, 
Washington, DC 20036: Emiliano Bos, Peter Duggeli, Raphael Grand, 
Massimiliano Herber, Isabelle Jacobi, Gaspard Kuhn, Philippe Revaz, Andrea 
Vosti, Mark Yates, Markus Zeffler.

 TALK MEDIA NEWS--(202) 337-5322; 300 New Jersey Avenue, NW., Suite 974, 
Washington, DC 20002: Regina Holmes, Timothy Maier, Bryan Renbaum, Thomas 
Squitieri.

 TELEMUNDO NETWORK--400 North Capitol Street, NW., Suite 850, Washington, 
DC 20001: Glenda Contreras, William Cortes, Wilber Guzman, Cristina 
Londono, Edwing Lopez Reyes, Lizeth Juliana Monsalve, Lorestina Montenegro, 
Maria Pena, Randy Serrano, Javier Vega Urreta.

 TELESUR--(202) 420 5560; 1100 13th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Jorge Ayala, Alina Duarte, Raul Galindo Pena, Jorge Gestoso, Juan Miranda 
Salazar.

 TELEVISA NEWS NETWORK--1730 Rhode Island Avenue, NW., Suite 405, 
Washington, DC 20036: Basilio Moutsatsos Morales.

 TF1-FRENCH TV--2000 M Street, NW., Suite 870, Washington, DC 20036: 
Amandine Atalaya, Marie Chantrait, Mathieu Derrien, Catherine Jentile de 
Canecaude, Julie Asher Morris, Vincent Mortreux, Adrien Ponsard.

 THE BERNS BUREAU, INC.--Washington, DC 20510: Matthew Kaye.

 THE HILL--1625 K Street, NE., Suite 900, Washington, DC 20006: Krystal 
Ball, Jordan Dale, Adam Derose, Saagar Enjeti, Nathaniel Fredman, Alexandra 
Goncalves De Oliveira, Stephen Greisiger, Jessica

[[Page 1076]]

Grose, David Krupin, Lisa Movit, Thomas Pray, Marisela Ramirez, Sean Root, 
James Sexton, Jamal Simmons, Donna Wilson.

 THE REAL NEWS NETWORK--(410) 500-5235; 231 Holliday Street, Baltimore, MD 
21202: William Arenas, Adam Coley, James Daley, Dwayne Gladden, Taya 
Graham, Cameron Granadino, David Hebden, Taylor Hebden, Stephen Janis, Paul 
Jay, Charles Lenchner, Jacqueline Luqman, Dharna Noor, Babatunde 
Ogunfolaju, Sharmini Peries, Kayla Rivara, Carmen Russell, Bernhard Gregory 
Wilpert.

 THIS IS AMERICA WITH DENNIS WHOLEY--1333 H Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Jerry Cox.

 THIS WEEK IN AGRIBUSINESS--(301) 466-7403; 9915 Hillridge Drive, 
Kensington, MD 20895: Patrick Haggerty.

 TOKYO BROADCASTING SYSTEM--The National Press Bldg., Washington, DC 20045: 
Kazuo Doi, Haruyo Fukuda, Masatoshi Ichikawa, Shinichiro Ikushima, Natsuya 
Iwata, Xin-Yi Lee, Saori Moriizumi, Nicholas Watkins, Yuta Yamamoto.

 TO THE CONTRARY (PERSEPHONE PRODUCTIONS)--1819 L Street, NW., 7th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20036: Ariel Edem, Bonnie Erbe-Leckar, Luis Mazariegos, Cari 
Stein.

 TRT--(703) 401-6482; 529 14th Street, NW., #1085, Washington, DC 20045: 
Faruk Ayaz, Ali Cilesizoglu, Tuna Sanli, Erkan Tarhan, Baybora Tinaz.

 TRT WORLD--(202) 800-5734; 1819 L Street, NW., Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20036: Faiza Ahmed, Jonathan Brain, Kilmeny Duchardt, Hasan Dudar, Kadir 
Durak, Yasmine El Sabawi, David Enders, Abdulmuttalip Erdogan, Ghida Fakhry 
Khane, Aws Haidari, Maxine Hughes, Serra Karacam, Oguz Karasu, Bunyamin 
Kasap, Courtney Kealy, Mehmet Kor, Kevin Kusmez, Muhammed Mollaoglu, Alexi-
Noelle O'Brien-Hosein, Barbaros Sayilgan, Shreya Sen, Juan Silva Llancaleo, 
Zumrut Sonmez, Frank Ucciardo, Elif Yediyildiz, Aydin Yurtseven.

 TV2-NORWAY--2000 M Street, Suite 380, Washington, DC 20036: Fredrik 
Graesvik, Gerhard Helskog.

 TV3-TELEVISIO DE CATALUNYA--(202) 785-0580; 2000 M Street, NW., Suite 830, 
Washington, DC 20036: Guillem Ayats, Maria Eugenia Lozano Villo, Fabien 
Ortiz, Francesc Reverter Baquer.

 TV ASAHI--529 14th Street, NW., #1280, Washington, DC 20045: Satoru Fuse, 
Renata Janney, Takahiro Kinoshita, D'Juan Mercado, Takamori Okada, Yusuke 
Takaba.

 TVBS--2500 Wisconsin Avenue, Washington, DC 20007: Song Hwang, Chia-Hui 
Ni.

 TVE--SPANISH PUBLIC TELEVISION--(202) 785-1813; 2000 M Street, NW., #325, 
Washington, DC 20036: Fernando Gayon Granell, Cristina Olea Fernandez, 
Francisco Sevilla Garcia, Anna Maria Ubeda-Carulla.

 TV GLOBO INTERNATIONAL--(202) 429-2525; 2141 Wisconsin Avenue, NW., Suite 
L, Washington, DC 20007: Vicente Cinque, Raquel Krahenbuhl, Daniel Silva-
Pinto, Luis Silva-Pinto.

 TVN POLAND--7429 Chummley Court, Falls Church, VA 22043: Marcin Wrona, 
Marcin Wyszogrodzki.

 TV POLSAT--5550 Columbia Pike, #764, Arlington, VA 22204: Magdalena 
Sakowska, Pawel Wudarczyk.

 TVP POLISH TELEVISION--(202) 765-7717; 3024 O Street, NW., #2, Washington, 
DC 20007: Rafal Stanczyk, Joanna Stanczyk-Pinkwart, Artur Zagorski.

 TV TOKYO--1333 H Street, NW., 5th Floor, Washington, DC 20005: Rihoko 
Akiyama, Benjamin Dalton, Moqiu Ma, Yoshiyuki Takahashi.

 UNIVISION--(202) 682-6160; 101 Constitution Avenue, NW., Suite 800W, 
Washington, DC 20001: Enrique Acevedo, Lorena Arroyo Valles, Carlos 
Chirinos Vasquez, Jorge Contreras, Deborah Durham, Pablo Gato, Angel 
Hernandez Orellana, Ivenneth Padilla Alvarado, Fernando Pizarro, Janet 
Rodriguez, Pablo Sanchez, Claudia Uceda, Julia Vargas, Mario Vizcarra 
Coloma.

 USA TODAY--7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22107: Jasper Colt, Stephen 
Elfers, Hannah Gaber Saletan, Jarrad Henderson, Matthew Sobocinski.

 VENTANA PRODUCTIONS--(202) 785-5112; 1819 L Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Richard Joy, Timothy Murray, Juan Rocha, Robin Stewart, Mark 
Thalman.

 VERIZON--Kenneth Brown, Keenan Patience, Rodney Rice Jr., Charles Samuel.

 VICE NEWS--U.S. Capitol, Room S-325, Washington, DC 20510: Fatima Al 
Khirsan, Timothy Barker, Morgan Baskin, Babak Behnam, Benjamin Bishop, 
Tiffani Davis, Kristin Fraser, Jordan Gantz, Tracy Jarrett, Cameron Joseph, 
Elizabeth Landers, Victoria Lesiw, Mary Grace Lucas, Evan McMorris-Santoro, 
Daniel Newhauser, Simone Perez, Jeffrey Ricker, Jesse Seidman, Joseph Tone, 
Gregory Walters, Brian Wheeler.

 VIETV NETWORK--(215) 883-9738; 1604 Spring Hill Road, Suite 150, Vienna, 
VA 22182: Thao Dao, Yen Phuong Le, Doanh Vu.

 VIEWPOINT COMMUNICATIONS--(301) 565-1650; 8607 2nd Avenue, Suite 402, 
Silver Spring, MD 20910: Randy Feldman, Benjamin Finkel, Larry Greenblatt, 
Steven Hamberg, Charles Horn.

 VIRGINIA PUBLIC RADIO--703 South Royal Street, Alexandria, VA 22314: 
Michael Pope.

 VOICE OF AMERICA--330 Independence Avenue, SW., Washington, DC 20237: 
Gonzalo Abarca, Grace Abdu, Soyoung Ahn, Brian Allen, Christopher Allen, 
Darrell Allen, Vadim Allen, Miguel Amaya, Arash Arabasadi, Herdiyanto 
Ardono, Betty Ayoub, Qazafi Baber, Thomas Bagnall, Steve Baragona, Aline 
Barros, Larry Bond, Michael Bowman, Jonathan Brandkamp, Timothy Brannon, 
Michael Burke, Carol Castiel, Elizabeth Cherneff, Raymond Choto, Peter 
Clottey, Lina Correa, Woody Crawford,

[[Page 1077]]

Nicolas Crupi, Minas Dargakis, Jeffery Daugherty, Jela de Franceschi, Joan 
Deluca, Steven Densmore, Abdourahmane Dia, Esther Ewart, Geoffrey Fabian, 
Cecilia Favela Munoz, Salem Fekadu, Leonardo Feldman, Bruce Ferder, Darren 
Fox, David Futrowsky, Solomon Gebremariam, Myroslava Gongadze, Pema Gorap, 
Richard Green, Adamson Greenbaum, Esha Grover, Katherine Gypson, Marcus 
Harton, Michael Helke, Rafki Hidayat, Selim Hossain, Paris Huang, Iftikhar 
Hussain, Utami Hussin, Iuliia Iarmolenko, Saqib Islam, Towhidul Islam, 
Michael Ivey, Gary Jaffe, Wagma Jalawan, Kaveh Jamshidi, Valeria Jegisman, 
Wilhelm Johannes, Sandzhar Khamidov, Saba Khan, Seon Myung Kim, Arzouma 
Kompaore, Tatiana Koprowicz, Jesse Koster, Bagassi Koura, Tsering Kyi, 
Daniel Lee, Sanghoon Lee, YiHua Lee, Kimberly Lewis, Jingxun Li, Libo Liu, 
Jazmin Lopez Bolanos, Liyuan Lu, Victoria Macchi, Mitzi Macias, Vincent 
Makori, James Malone, Marvin Marion, Jean Michel Mathurin, Eva Mazrieva, 
Ira Mellman, Kimseng Men, Tra Mi, Guita Mirsaeedi, Jaime Moreno Gomez, 
Natalia Mozgovaya, Jonathan Muriithi, Ndimyake Mwakalyelye, Thet Naing, 
Dondhon Namling, Aurea Nascimento, Robert Naylor, Sean Neary, Carla Newell, 
Trung Nguyen, Rosalie O'Connell, Jesusemen Oni, Rattaphol Onsanit, Thar Oo, 
Thein Oo, Arkadiy Orlov, Arunima Pande, Robert Parsell, Kingsavanh 
Pathammavong, Ruslan Petrychka, Reasey Poch, Khemara Pov Sok, Carolyn 
Presutti Davison, John Quinn, Robert Raffaele, James Randle, Stuart 
Redisch, Samuel Reid, Julia Riera Parera, Justin Riley, Ralph Robinson, 
James Russell, Edward Rwema, Rafael Saakov, Shahla Sadighi, Cynthia Saine-
Spang, Nana Sajaia, Yuni Salim, Joad Santa-Rita, Yulia Savchenko, Mony Say, 
Brian Schiff, Edward Schneider, Bart Schrum, Bricio Segovia Reche, Jeffrey 
Seldin, Pema Setsang, Roger Sherman, Setareh Sieg, George Simkins, Joseph 
Sipos, Leili Soltani, Leakhena Sreng, Scott Storkel, Songphot Suphaphon, 
Carl Swanson, Aung Sway, Jeffrey Swicord, Kyaw Tha, Michael Theisen, Gessel 
Tobias Delgado, Pinitkarn Tulachom, Greta Van Susteren, Joseph Vitale, 
Chuanqi Xu, Oleksandr Yanevskyy, Guofu Yang, Raymond Yeung Yam.

 VOYAGE PRODUCTIONS--(202) 276-2848; 565 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., #302, 
Washington, DC 20001: Susan Baumel, Ely Baumel-Lamonica.

 Wall STREET JOURNAL--1025 Connecticut Avenue, Washington, DC 20036: Paul 
Beckett, Thomas DiFonzo, Caitlin Faw, Judy Grace Marfil, Gerald Seib, 
Christina Vallice, Carlos Waters.

 WAMU--4000 Brandywine Street, NW., Washington, DC 20016: Jenny Abamu, 
Emily Alfin Johnson, Martin Austermuhle, Margaret Barthel, Jayk Cherry, 
Daniella Cheslow, Esther Ciammachilli, Denise Couture, Carmel Delshad, 
Julie Depenbrock, Lisa Dunn, Jacob Fenston, Kathryn Fink, Mark Gunnery, 
Gabrielle Healy, Jonquilyn Hill, Joshua Johnson, Monna Kashfi, Avery 
Kleinman, Danielle Knight, Rachel Kurzius, Mikaela Lefrak, Bianca Martin, 
James Morrison, Lesley Osburn, Jordan Pascale, Benjamin Privot, Dominique 
Scarbrough, Ingalisa Schrobsdorff, Allison Schweitzer, Sasha-Ann Simons, 
Ruth Tam, Tyrone Turner, Ariel Valdez, Amanda Williams, Alana Wise, Elly 
Yu.

 WASHINGTON BUREAU NEWS SERVICE--7425 Savan Point Way, Columbia, MD 21045: 
Maureen Dezell, Joseph Nelson, Clifford Thorne, Michael Whitney.

 WASHINGTON EXAMINER--(202) 459-4943; 1152 15th Street, NW., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: Karlee Gibson, Siraj Hashmi, Linda Hernandez, 
Christopher Lohr, Dominick Mastrangelo, William Ricciardella, Timothy 
Wolff.

 WASHINGTONPOST.COM--1301 K Street, NW., Washington, DC 20071: Nadine 
Ajaka, Monica Akhtar, Reem Akkad, Mary Albright, Jason Aldag, Carol 
Alderman, Kyle Barss, Dalton Bennett, Zachary Brown, David Bruns, Allison 
Caren, Joshua Carroll, Elizabeth Casey, Matthew Collette, Rhonda Colvin, 
Phoebe Connelly, Andrea Cornejo Castelforte, Nicole DeMarco, Alexis Diao, 
Jonathan Elker, Nicole Ellis, Amber Ferguson, Reena Flores, Micah Gelman, 
Jonathan Gerberg, Ross Godwin, Blair Guild, Sarah Hashemi, Michelle Jaconi, 
Hannah Jewell, Ashleigh Joplin, David Jorgenson, Margaret Kelly, Joyce Koh, 
Danielle Kunitz, Whitney Leaming, So-Hyun Lee, Thomas Legro, Alice Li, 
Melissa Macaya, Osman Malik, Patrick Martin, Jesse Mesner-Hage, Daniel 
Mich, Allison Michaels, Atthar Mirza, Linah Mohammed, Brian Monroe, Breanna 
Muir, Edward Muldoon, Zoeann Murphy, William Neff, Erin O'Connor, Deirdra 
O'Regan Schroeder, Jayne Orenstein, John Parks, Sarah Parnass, Margaret 
Penman, Ariel Plotnick, Kolin Pope, Mahlia Posey, Lee Powell, Jorge Ribas, 
John Michael Rieger, Anna Rothschild, Lauren Saks, Elyse Samuels, Justin 
Scuiletti, Whitney Shefte, Madhulika Sikka, Lindsey Sitz, Jordan-Marie 
Smith, Jennifer Starrs, Peter Stevenson, Daron Taylor, William Tucker, 
Taylor Turner, Adriana Usero, Luis Velarde, Kathleen Woodsome, Joy Yi.

 WASHINGTON RADIO AND PRESS SERVICE--(301) 229-2576; 6702 Pawtucket Road, 
Bethesda, MD 20817: Hanna Gutmann, Howard Lesser.

 WBUR--1401 S Joyce Street, #1012, Arlington, VA 22202: Kimberly Atkins.

 WELT N24 GERMAN TV--1620 I Street, NW., Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20006: 
William Griffitts, Robert Milford, Steffen Schwarzkopf, Sabine Ulbrich-
Strothe.

 WEST WING REPORTS--11614 Old Brookville Court, Reston, VA 20194: Paul 
Brandus.

 WESTWOOD ONE--202 457-7991; 2020 M Street, NW., Washington, DC 20036: 
Robert Costantini, Kevin DeLany, Thomas Getter, Cameron Gray, Linda Kenyon, 
Barton Tessler, Christopher Whitfield.

 WETA--(703) 998-1800; 3939 Campbell Avenue, Arlington, VA 22206: Mohammad 
Ali, David Bash, Jeffrey Bates, Timothy Bowen, Donald Brawner, Martin Carr, 
Enoch Chan, Darzen Chang, Vincent Forcier, Heather Harris, Cory Hornish, 
Charles Ide, Kenneth Jones, Christopher Lane, Jon Miles,

[[Page 1078]]

Nancy Morgan, Paul Nevel, Jeffrey Rathner, Sylvia Reis, John Satterfield, 
James Schneider, John Schottle, Willliam Seabrook, Brian Smith, Paul Vander 
Veen, Owen Wood.

 WFDC-TV UNIVISION--101 Constitution Avenue, NW., Suite L-100, Washington, 
DC 20001: Juan Acevedo, Marvin Contreras, Tsitsiki Felix, Rafael Henriquez 
Maldonado, Jesus Marin Arteaga, Chaid Neme Garrido, Edwin Pitti, Jackeline 
Quijano Jovel, Rosbelis Quinonez Silva, Raul Ramos, Katherine Rivera 
Garcia, Marcela Rodriguez Lopez, Walter Romero Juarez, Rafael Sanchez Cruz, 
Sara Suarez, Thalia Varelas.

 WHITE HOUSE CHRONICLE--1042 Wisconsin Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20007: 
Linda Gasparello, Llewellyn King, Barry Worthington.

 WJLA-TV / NEWSCHANNEL 8--(703) 239-9480; 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, 
VA 22209: George Amos, George Ball, Timothy Barber, Frank Becker, Bradley 
Bell, Cheryl Carson, Richard Chamberlain, Nancy Chen, Larry Deal, Martin C. 
Doane, Jonathan Elias, Ernie Ensign, Ryan Eskalis, Lisa Fletcher, Samuel 
Ford, Anna-Lysa Gayle, Autria Godfrey, John Gonzalez, Hugh Gourley, Heather 
Graf, Kendall Griggs, Richard Guastadisegni, Joshua Harrington, Shonty 
Hawkins, Horace Holmes, Brian Hopkins, Thomas Hormuth, Ernest Isgro, George 
Jackson, Samuel Jackson, William Johnson, James Joslyn, Matt Kady, Don 
Kauffman, William Kelly, Jay Korff, Hsiu Leong, John B. Lewis, Kevin Lewis, 
Ian Lloyd, David Lucas, Kellye Lynn, James Marcum, Michelle Marsh, Joaquim 
Neto, Lindsey O'Brien, Caroline Patrickis, Thomas Perrell, Kristen Powers, 
John Rice, Victoria Rose, Thomas Roussey, Michael Rudd, Amy Schneider, 
Jacob Schoenmann, Bhupinder Sharma, Rebecca Sinn, Scott Smith, Christopher 
Stuard, Steven Stuhlmacher, Sam Sweeney, Scott Taylor, Serge Tomy, Luis 
Urbina, Michael Vaughn, James Walker, Robert Washington-Anderson, Carl 
Willis, Dale Wright.

 WPLG-TV10--1717 DeSales, Washington, DC 20036: Daniele Bolf, Russell 
Palombo.

 WRC-TV / NBC-4--4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW., Washington DC, 20016: Jay 
Alvey, Jackie Bensen, Charles Bragale, Beth Brown, Daniel Buckley, Julie 
Carey, David Carter, Sean Casey, Joseph Cassano, Aimee Cho, Patrick 
Collins, Natasha Copeland, David Culver, Claudia Curiel, Alfredo Duarte, 
Patricia Fantis, Justin Finch, Meagan Fitzgerald, Jodie Fleischer, Karla 
Flores, Bernard Forte, Doreen Gentzler Miller, Teneille Gibson, Aaron 
Gilchrist, Jason Gittlen, Matt Glassman, Michael Goldrick, Roberto Gonzalez 
Homs, Liliana Gonzalez-Ramirez, Charles Goodknight, Herbert Gordon, Molette 
Green, Diego Gutierrez Riveros, Jim Handly, Monique Hayes, Jack Heinbaugh, 
Lance Ing, Ede Jermin, Lyrone Jones, Christopher Kerwin, Pamela Leahigh, 
Ronald Leidelmeyer, Nicholas Leimbach, Erika Leon, Katie Leslie, Moises 
Linares, Anna Llargues, Dario Lopez-Capera, Edith Lozada Salgado, Janette 
Luviano, Thomas Lynch, Scott MacFarlane, Anthony Mague, John Marcucci, 
Angelica Martinez, Carlos Martinez, Joseph Martinez, Lauren Mayk, Megan 
McGrath, Milagros Melendez-Vela, Susan Murphy, Matthew Murray, Chester 
Panzer, Alberto Pimienta Hernandez, Jeffrey Piper, Jorge Rico, Wendy 
Rieger, Michelle Rivera, Carlos Daniel Rivera Trinidad, Meredith Royster, 
Bruce Ryan, Sulema Salazar, Mark Segraves, Cory Smith, Kim Darcy Spencer, 
Mark Stephens, Andrea Swalec, Shomari Terrelonge-Stone, Caroline Tucker, 
Adam Tuss, Jennifer Vasquez, Ambrose Vurnis, Roy Weinstock, Tracee Wilkins, 
Melinda Woolbright, Eun Yang, Richard Yarborough, Alban Zamora, Darren 
Ziegenbein.

 WTOP RADIO--3400 Idaho Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20016: John Aaron, Neal 
Augenstein, Michelle Basch, Megan Cloherty, John Domen, Jason Fraley, Noah 
Frank, Dave Garner, Jessie J. Green, Brennan Haselton, Melissa Howell, Nick 
Iannelli, Kristi-Sue Lilleston, Richard Massimo, Dave McConnell, Jon 
Miller, George Molnar, Andrew Moore, Michael Murillo, Rachel Nania, Brian 
Oliger, Jack Pointer, Art Rose, Kate Ryan, Albert Shimabukuro, Zachary 
Shore, Aaron Smith, Dick Uliano, William Vitka, Ginger Whitaker, Ren Zheng.

 WTTG-FOX TELEVISION--5151 Wisconsin Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20016: 
Robert Alexander, Van Applegate, Ama Arthur-Asmah, Robert Barnard, James 
Beahn, William Beyer, Lauren Bird, Kyle Carmean, Stephen Chenevey, William 
Cockey, Cori Coffin, Edward Coker, Anthony Colella, Melanie Crisafulli, 
Anne Cutler-Mason, Kevin Ebersohl, Azubuike Ejiochi, Michael Fischoff, 
Thomas Fitzgerald, Massimo Giammetta, Daniel Grudovich, Joe Hammond, Anjali 
Hemphill, Nelson Jones, Guy Lambert, Evan Lambert-McMichael, Paul Lester, 
Indira LeVine, Tisha Lewis, Craig Little, James Lokay, Marina Marraco, 
Wisdom Martin, Michael McCann, Kevin McCarthy, Ronnie McCray, Paul 
McGonagle, Joseph Moise, Holly Morris, Robert Mulligan, Alena Oakes, Daniel 
Rapela, Jonathan Redmon, Michael Rickard, Bryan Roberts, Joshua Rosenthal, 
Eugene Russell, Francis Rysak, Sarah Simmons, Nicholas Smith, Joseph 
Spevak, Montre Staton, Terri Tolliver, Maureen Umeh, Joseph Wagener, Paul 
Wagner, Donald Watrud, Lindsay Watts, Douglas Wilkes, Steven Williams, 
Shawn Yancy.

 WUSA-TV--(202) 895-5588; 4100 Wisconsin Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20016: 
Whitney Amon, Jessica Arnold, Nathan Baca, Howard Bernstein, Eliana Block, 
Mark Bost, Kurt Brooks, William Broom, Ellen Bryan, Aubrey Bryant, Jesse 
Burkett-Hall, Lorenzo Burkett-Hall, Samuel Cook, Janice Coon, Ariane Datil, 
Nicole DiAntonio, Roberta Dooms, Richard Fischer, Eric Flack, Lesli Foster 
Mathewson, Peggy Fox, Jonathan Franklin, Lauryn Froneberger, Michael Fuhr, 
Elizabeth Garcia, Stephen Garifo, Laura Geller, Delia Goncalves Perry, 
Matthew Gregory, Kristen Harris, James Hash, Amanda Hauser, Darren Haynes, 
Laine Haynes, John Henry, Caridad Hernandez Wood, Thomas Hunsicker, 
Giovanni Insignares, Eric Jansen, Chester Johnson, Saliqa Khan, Annie Kim, 
Rebecca Knier, Sarah

[[Page 1079]]

Konsmo, Evan Koslof, Samantha Kubota, Bruce Leshan, Adam Longo, Sarah 
Lydick, Miri Marshall, Samara Martin Ewing, Joel McDonald, Tiffany McNeil, 
Larry Miller, Kristopher Mulholland, Peter Muntean, Liz Palka Minukas, 
Leonard Pearson, Nicholas Petrillo, Haleigh Purvis, Michael Quander, 
Kathleen Reynolds, Marcella Robertson, Erin Roby, Mia Salenetri, David 
Satchell, Kolbie Satterfield, David Scarnato, Kyley Schultz, Markette 
Sheppard, Charles Shutt, Erin Spaht, Rhea Titus, Michael Trammell, Mikea 
Turner, Michael Valentine, Michael Valerio, Jesse Varner, Melissa Ward, 
Marcel Warfield, Ferlon Webster, Bria White, Dion Wiggins, Stephanie 
Wilson, Michael Wise.

 XINHUA--1740 North 14th Street, Arlington, VA 22209: Yina Guo, Yousong Hu, 
Yuelei Jin, Ding Sun, Yixiao Tan.

 YAHOO NEWS--1717 DeSales Street, NW., 3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20036: 
Samuel Matthews, Jessica Perry, Suzanne Smalley, Benjamin Werschkul.

 YONHAP NEWS TV--529 14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20045: Lauren Kim, 
Seokyee Yoon.

                                FREELANCE

 Freelancers: Rana Abtar, Naser Abu Diab, Nicholas Adkinson, Robin 
Adlerblum, Faiez Agobian, Jorge Agobian Villegas, Aziz Ahmed, Christopher 
Albert, Ahmed Alqarni, Ahmad Amin, Stuart Ammerman, Patrick Anderson, 
Siqiao Ao, Bruno Arena, Patricia Armstrong, Thomas Armstrong, Eva Artesona, 
Sally Ayhan, Jean-Pascal Azais, Veronica Balderas Iglesias, Travis Renee 
Baldwin, Mark Banks, Rose Barondess, Satarupa Barua, Marilisa Battistella, 
Sam Beattie, Steven Beckner, Michael Benetato, Remco Bikkers, Tim Bintrim, 
Gerald Bodlander, Karen Borland, JaNece Bradford, Charles Breiterman, 
Michael Broleman, Jon-Christopher Bua, Eric Bugash, John Bullard, Penny 
Burk, Mary Burns, Daniel Bush, Brett Carlson, Evan Carr, Anatolie Casenco, 
Reginald Cecchini, Ching-Yi Chang, David Chaytor, Hans Cho, Eting Chung, 
Gilles Clarenne, Harvey Cofske, Thomas Coleman, Kyle Cooper, Pedro Correa, 
Pedro Correa, Timothy Cote, Eric Courtney, Thomas Craca, John Craig, Robert 
Crawford, Jeffrey Cridland, Philip Crowther, Carla Dakin, Arik Dashevsky, 
Phillip Datcher, William Demas, Gary DeMoss, Daria Diieguts, Juanita 
Dillard, Peter Doherty, William Donald, Lionel Donovan, Heather Dorf-Dolce, 
Paul Dougherty, Sonia Dridi, Kadesh DuBose, Andrei Dziarkach, Stephanie 
Ebbs, Hosny Elgazar, Dalia Elkomi, Steven Epstein, Manuel Ernst, Rodolfo 
Estrada, Alfred Faison, Cory Feezer, Anne-Marie Fendrick, Andrew Field, 
Paul Fifield, Sean Finn, Sara Shannon Finney, Joseph Flood, Cesar Flores, 
Kristin Foellmer, Daniel Fortney, Thomas Foty, Ariana Freeman, Francis 
French, David Friedman, Danila Galperovich, Ralph Gaudino, Arthur Gauthier, 
Atef Gawad, Philip Geyelin, David Girard, Milena Gjorgjievska, John 
Glennon, Samuel Goodall, Jeffrey Goodman, Glenn Gorham, Nicholas Greiner, 
Kevin Griffin, Fayrouz Guerouani, Aso Haji Kakol, Tomas Harding, Steven 
Harper, Roy Harris, Byron Harrison, Cheyenne Haslett, Oscar Haynes, Barry 
Haywood, Sean Healey, Barry Hecht, Martin Heina, Ryan Hermelijn, Louise 
Hernon, Charles Hill, Andrea Hines, James Hishchynsky, Darnley Hodge, David 
Hopper, Jason Hubert, Heather Hutchinson, John Iannuzzi, Heind Ibrahim, 
Mohamed Ibrahim, Zena Ibrahim, Falastine Iman, Ryan Jackson, Edward 
Jennings, Jr., Wafaa Jibai, Aiden Johnson, Irene Johnson, Katherine 
Johnson, Katerra Jones, Matthew Jones, Cathy Kades, Kendall Karson, Omary 
Kaseko, Atsushi Kato, Drew Katz, Robert Kehs, Peter Kent, Eric Kerchner, 
Allison Keyes, Khaled Khairy, Basheer Khaleefah, Kawa Khdr, Jiyeon Kim, 
Corey Kimmel, Kent Klein, Heekyung Kook, Sharif Kouddous, Keith Lane, Nancy 
Lanzendoerfer, Gregory Larsen, France Latremoliere, Jo Eun Lee, David Lent, 
Dexter Leong, Darrell Lewis, Jonathan Lien, Bruce Liffiton, Melvin Lindsey, 
Maria Lucchini, Jayne Lukas, Colette Luke, Iacopo Luzi, Julio Luzquinos, 
Anna Davalos MacDonald, Ahmed Mahdi, Alicia Majeed, Alexander Mallin, Roman 
Mamonov, Michele Marcello, Antonio Marques, Jon Martin, Jeffrey Martino, 
James Mathis, Timothy Matkosky, Andre Matthews, Mathieu Mazza, Kevin 
McClam, Ian McDougall, Terrance McEachern, Allen McGreevy, Robert McHenry, 
Daniel McLellan, Brooks Meriwether, Rhoda Metcalfe, Kerry Meyer, Takiha 
Millington, Takashi Mizukami, Melissa Mollet, William Montague, Willie 
Moorer, Jane Moran, Megan Murray, Peter Murtaugh, Laurie Mylroie, Ruqaiyah 
Najjar, Stephen Narisi, Mohamed Nasser, Anh Nguyen, Kevin Nha, Richard 
Norling, James Novosel, Donald O'Berry, Ralf Oberti, Christopher Olson, 
Lars Os, Daniel O'Shea, Mohamed Said Ouafi, Quinton Owen, Bernard Ozol, 
Daniel Patsko, Grant Peacock, Daniel Peebles, Anthony Peltier, Felicia 
Pendorf, Douglas Perkins, Timothy Persinko, Robert Peterson, Kenneth 
Pexton, Murray Pinczuk, Nataliia Pisnia-Bystriakova, Christopher Plater, 
Farhad Pouladi Najafabadi, Shapoor Pourshariati, Christopher Preston, 
Marthinus Pretorius, Michael Purbaugh, Ralph Quarry, Jason Quinn, Mary 
Quinn, Juan Quiroga, Mark Rabin, Bryan Rager, Rahim Rashidi, Douglas Ray, 
Austin Reeves, Melanie Reffes, Edward Reinsel, Meixing Ren, James Riggs, 
Matthew Ritterpusch, Olivier Robert, William Roberts, Laura Robinson, 
Xavier Roca, Eduardo Rodriguez, Peter Roof, Gary Rosenberg, Misaele 
Rossetti-Meyer, Theodore Roth, Joseph Ruffini, Rodrigo Salvatierra, Thomas 
Sampson, Tomoaki Sasaki, Dmitriy Savchuk, Gregory Savoy, Amr Sayed, Quinn 
Scanlan, Barry Schlegel, Donald Schoenmann, Emily Schultze, Beth Scott, 
Michael Seium, Hakim Shammo, Harry Shoffner, James Sicile, Quentin Silver, 
Paul Skomal, Edward Slater, Cristina Smit, Anthony Smith, Christie Smith, 
Cynthia Smith, Phillip Smith, Sara Smith, Koen Soete, Sergey Sokolov, 
Andrew Spangenberg, Theodore Spiegler, Thomas Staton, Mark Stoddard, Leslie 
Storms, Rodney Streeter, Timothy Strissel,

[[Page 1080]]

James Stubbs, Richard Suddeth, Ena Suto, Nina Svahn, Robert Sweeney, Kambiz 
Tavana, Jacqueline Taylor, Bert Thomas, Shari Thomas, Troy Thornes, Thomas 
Thornton, Cameron Tull, Melanie Turner, Laurie Ure, Benjamin Vaeth-Levin, 
Carolina Valladares Perez, Jaime Vera Rojas, Marcos Vigil, Michael 
Viqueira, Jackie Lyn Walker, Julia Walz, Taofeng Wang, Derrick Ward, Tarik 
Warner, Warren Watson, Elizabeth Watts, Aaron Webster, George Weller, 
Katharina Werner, Eric White, Snorre Wik, David Williams, Mark Wilson, 
LaTonya Winters, Ronald Winters, Zachary Wood, Sicelo Wotshela, Brian 
Yaklyvich, Nadeem Yaqub, Floyd Yarmuth, Stratis Zervos.



[[Page 1081]]

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                      HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                    The Capitol, H-304, phone 225-2941

 Director.--Robert M. Zatkowski.
  Deputy Director.--Gerald Rupert, Jr.
  Assistant Directors: Jenn Walters, Ryan Hamel.

                      SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                    The Capitol, S-320, phone 224-0265

  Director.--Justin Wilson.
  Deputy Director.--Vacant.
  Assistant Director.--Nick Mead.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                             Leo Shane III, Sightline 
                                                Media Group, Chairman
                                             Stephen Cooper, Tax Notes, 
                                                Secretary
                                             Alexander Bolton, The Hill, 
                                                Treasurer
                                             Jason Dick, Roll Call
                                             Philip Elliott, Time 
                                                Magazine
                                             Burgess Everett, Politico
                                             Jack Fitzpatrick, BNA News

                RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

     1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective Gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly 
publish a substantial volume of news material of either general, 
economic, industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The 
periodical must require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis 
and must be owned and operated independently of any government, 
industry, institution, association, or lobbying organization. Applicants 
must also be employed by a periodical that is published for profit and 
is supported chiefly by advertising or by subscription, or by a 
periodical meeting the conditions in this paragraph but published by a 
nonprofit organization that, first, operates independently of any 
government, industry, or institution and, second, does

[[Page 1082]]

not engage, directly or indirectly, in any lobbying or other activity 
intended to influence any matter before Congress or before any 
independent agency or any department or other instrumentality of the 
Executive Branch. House organs are not eligible.
     3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to 
the privileges of the Galleries.
     4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the Galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
     5. Under the authority of Rule 6 of the House of Representatives 
and of Rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under 
the control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the Galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                               Nancy Pelosi,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                  Roy Blunt,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.




[[Page 1083]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                        PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

 Abarinova, Mariya: Broadband Census

 Abbott, Ryan: Courthouse News Service

 Abel, Allen: Maclean's

 Abramson, Alana: Time Magazine

 Adragna, Anthony: Politico

 Aftab, Mirza: BNA News

 Akan, Emel: Epoch Times

 Akin, Stephanie: Roll Call

 Albergo, Paul: BNA News

 Alberta, Timothy: Politico

 Albon, Courtney: Inside Washington Publishers

 Albright, Nicole: Politico

 Alder, Madison: BNA News

 Alexander, Ayanna: BNA News

 Alexander, Madison: BNA News

 Alexis, Alexei: BNA News

 Al-Faruque, Ferdous: Informa

 Allington, Adam: BNA News

 Alphonse, Lylah: U.S. News & World Report

 Al-Sadi, Amena: Vox Media

 Altscher, Judy: The Hill

 Ambrosio, Patrick: BNA News

 Anchondo, Carlos: E&E News

 Antonides, David: Tax Notes

 Anzalotta, Nicholas: BNA News

 Appelbaum, Yonatan: Atlantic Monthly

 Arkin, James: Politico

 Arrieta-Kenna, Ruairi: Politico

 Ashworth, Jerry: Thompson Information Services

 Askarinam, Leah: Inside Elections

 Astill, James: Economist

 Athey, Philip: E&E News

 Atkins, Pamela: BNA News

 Atkinson, Khorri: Law360

 Aton, Adam: E&E News

 Atwood, John: CCH Inc.

 August, Melissa: Time Magazine

 Aulino, Margaret: BNA News

 Axelrod, Joshua: Sightline Media Group

 Ayala, Christine: The Hill

 Ayers, Carl: Regulatory Compliance Watch

 Babbage, Sarah: BNA News

 Bacon, Perry, Jr.: FiveThirtyEight

 Bade, Gavin: Politico

 Bagchi, Aysha: BNA News

 Baker, Rebecca: BNA News

 Baksh, Mariam: Inside Washington Publishers

 Ball, Emily: Time Magazine

 Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

 Barash, Martina: BNA News

 Barber, Charles: National Law Journal

 Barber, Ernest: Exchange Monitor Publications

 Barnes, Denise: Washington Informer

 Barron-Lopez, Laura: Politico

 Basu, Kaustuv: BNA News

 Bauer-Wolf, Jeremy: Industry Dive

 Bauman, Valerie: BNA News

 Baumann, Jeannie: BNA News

 Beasley, Stephanie: Politico

 Beauchamp, Zachary: Vox Media

 Beaven, Lara: Inside Washington Publishers

 Beavers, Olivia: The Hill

 Becker, Bernard, II: Politico

 Beckman, Katie Howell: E&E News

 Behr, Peter: E&E News

 Behsudi, Adam: Politico

 Beitsch, Rebecca: The Hill

 Bell, Kevin: BNA News

 Belles, Carina: AIS Health

 Bennett, Brian: Time Magazine

 Bennett, Cory: Politico

 Bennett, Jennifer: BNA News

 Bennett, John: Roll Call

 Benton, Nicholas: Falls Church News Press

 Berenson, Tessa: Time Magazine

 Bergengruen Sapelli, Vera: Time Magazine

 Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

 Berman-Gorvine, Martin: CEO Update

 Bernal, Rafael: The Hill

 Bernard, Roger: IEG Policy

 Bernardini, Matthew: Law360

 Bernhardt, Sonya: The Georgetowner

 Bertrand, Natasha: Atlantic Monthly

 Bertuca, Anthony, IV: Inside Washington Publishers

 Bettelheim, Adriel: Politico

 Beynon, Steven: BNA News

 Beyoud, Lydia: BNA News

 Bice, Alexandra: Politico

 Birnbaum, Emily: The Hill

 Blad, Evie: Education Week

 Bliss, Jeffrey: Capitol Forum

 Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

 Bogardus, Kevin: E&E News

 Bolton, Alexander: The Hill

 Bomster, Mark: Education Week

 Bonaquist, Maria: Law360

 Bottemiller, Helena: Politico

 Boudreau, Catherine: Politico

 Bowman, Bridget: Roll Call

 Boyanton, Megan: BNA News

[[Page 1084]]

 Boyd, Aaron: Government Executive

 Bracken, Matthew: Morning Consult

 Bradford, Hazel: Crain Communications

 Brady, Mary Shaffrey: E&E News

 Brady, Michael: Modern Healthcare

 Brasher, Philip: Agri-Pulse

 Bresnahan, John: Politico

 Brevetti, Rossella: BNA News

 Brittain, Steven: BNA News

 Britton, Kathryn: BNA News

 Broder, Jonathan: Newsweek

 Brooks, George: Inside Mortgage Finance

 Brooks, Michael: RTO Insider

 Brooks, Michael: U.S. News & World Report

 Brown, Dylan: E&E News

 Brown, Kathleen: Industry Dive

 Brownstein, Ronald: Atlantic Monthly

 Bruce, Dylan: BNA News

 Bruenig, Matthew: Capitol Forum

 Brufke, Julia Grace: The Hill

 Brugger, Kelsey: E&E News

 Bruninga, Susan: BNA News

 Bruno, Michael: Aviation Week

 Brusoe, Peter: BNA News

 Bryant, Lori: CEO Update

 Buble, Courtney: Government Executive

 Buchman, Brandi: Courthouse News Service

 Bur, Jessica: Sightline Media Group

 Burnette, Daarel, II: Education Week

 Burns, Caroline: Roll Call

 Burns, Mark: Morning Consult

 Byrnes, Jesse: The Hill

 Cahlink, George: E&E News

 Cai, Cynthia: Epoch Times

 Calabresi, Massimo: Time Magazine

 Callahan, Madelyn: BNA News

 Cama, Timothy: E&E News

 Camera, Lauren: U.S. News & World Report

 Campisi, Jessica: Industry Dive

 Cancryn, Adam: Politico

 Capps, Kriston: Atlantic Monthly

 Cardoza, Kavitha: Education Week

 Carey, William, Jr.: Aviation Week

 Carignan, Sylvia: BNA News

 Carlile, Amy: E&E News

 Carlson, Jeffrey: Research Institute of America Group

 Carney, Jordain: The Hill

 Carpenter, Zoe: Nation

 Carr, Jennifer: Tax Notes

 Cassella, Megan: Politico

 Catanese, David: U.S. News & World Report

 Cauterucci, Christina: Slate

 Cavanagh, Sean: Education Week

 Chalfant, Morgan: The Hill

 Chamseddine, Jad: Tax Notes

 Chappellet-Lanier, Tajha: FedScoop

 Chemnick, Jean: E&E News

 Chen, Jinghong: AIS Health

 Cheney, Kyle: Politico

 Chibbaro, Louis, Jr.: Washington Blade

 Childers, Andrew: BNA News

 Chile, Patricio: BNA News

 Choi, Matthew: Politico

 Chong, Sei Hee: Morning Consult

 Cioffi, Christopher: Roll Call

 Cipriano, Michael: Informa

 Cirruzzo, Chelsea: Inside Washington Publishers

 Clark, Andrew: Broadband Census

 Clark, Charles: Government Executive

 Clark, James: Task & Purpose

 Clarke, Sara: U.S. News & World Report

 Coaston, Jane: Vox Media

 Coffin, James: Public Lands News

 Cohen, Ariel: Inside Washington Publishers

 Cohen, Matthew: Washington City Paper

 Cohen, Richard: FCW

 Cohen, Zachary: National Journal

 Cohn, Amelia: Government Executive

 Cohrs, Rachel: Modern Healthcare

 Colbert, Madeleine: Atlantic Monthly

 Cole, Christopher: Law360

 Coleman, Emma: Government Executive

 Colman, Zachary: Politico

 Connolly, Griffin: Roll Call

 Connolly, Paul: BNA News

 Cook, Nancy: Politico

 Cook, Steven: BNA News

 Cooke, Stephanie: Energy Intelligence

 Coomes, Jessica: BNA News

 Cooper, Perry: BNA News

 Cooper, Stephen: Law360

 Corrigan, John: Government Executive

 Courtney, Shaun: BNA News

 Covey, Erin: National Journal

 Cox, Bowman: Informa

 Craft, Lauren: Energy Intelligence

 Cramer, Harrison: National Journal

 Crampton, Elizabeth: Politico

 Craver, Martha: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Crawley, John: BNA News

 Croce, Brian: Crain Communications

 Crowley, Michael: Politico

 Cullen, Anne: Law360

 Cumings, Stephanie: Tax Notes

 Curry, Jonathan: Tax Notes

 Cusack, Robert: The Hill

 Custer, Anne: World Magazine

 Cuthbertson, Charlotte: Epoch Times

 Daniels, Alexander: Chronicle of Philanthropy

 Darcey, Susan: Informa

 Datlowe, Nicholas: BNA News

 Davenport, Lydia: BNA News

 Davidson, Mark: Energy Intelligence

 Davies, Stephen: Agri-Pulse

[[Page 1085]]

 Davis, Aaron: Tax Notes

 Davis, Sylvia Diane: BNA News

 Demko, Paul: Politico

 DeSanctis, Alexandra: National Review

 Desiderio, Andrew: Politico

 Devaney, Robert: The Georgetowner

 Diamond, Daniel: Politico

 Diaz, Jaclyn: BNA News

 DiBiagio, Marcia: National Law Journal

 Dick, Jason: Roll Call

 DiCosmo, Bridget: Energy Intelligence

 Dillon, Jeremy: E&E News

 DiMascio, Jennifer: Aviation Week

 DiMento, Maria: Chronicle of Philanthropy

 DiSciullo, Joseph: Tax Notes

 Divis, Dee: Inside GNSS

 Dixon, Darius: Politico

 Dong, Zhaoxia: Epoch Times

 Dorrian, Patrick: BNA News

 Doubleday, Justin: Inside Washington Publishers

 Douglas, Genevieve: BNA News

 Dovere, Edward-Isaac: Atlantic Monthly

 Downey, Theodore: Capitol Forum

 Doyle, Kenneth: BNA News

 Doyle, Michael: E&E News

 Dreid, Nadia: Law360

 Duggan, Loren, IV: BNA News

 Dugyala, Rishika: Politico

 Duran, Nicole: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Eakin, Britain: Law360

 Easley, Cameron: Morning Consult

 Easley, Jonathan: The Hill

 Eborn, Katrice: BNA News

 Eckert, Toby: Politico

 Edney, Hazel: Trice Edney Newswire

 Ege, Konrad: Freitag

 Ehart, William: CEO Update

 Ehley, Brianna: Politico

 Elfin, Dana: Industry Dive

 Elis, Niv: The Hill

 Elliott, Philip: Time Magazine

 Ellis, Isobel: National Journal

 Emma, Caitlin: Politico

 Engleman, Eric: Politico

 Entous, Adam: New Yorker

 Ertel, Karen: BNA News

 Erwin, Sandra: Space News

 Esquivel, Jesus: Proceso

 Everett, Burgess: Politico

 Eversden, Andrew: Sightline Media Group

 Fabian, Jordan: The Hill

 Faler, Brian: Politico

 Fasman, Jonathan: Economist

 Feinberg, Andrew: Broadband Census

 Ferguson, Andrew: Atlantic Monthly

 Ferguson, Brett: Tax Notes

 Ferguson, Hugh: Politico

 Ferris, Sarah: Politico

 Fertig, Natalie: Politico

 Feuerberg, Gary: Epoch Times

 Figueroa, Ariana: E&E News

 Fingerhuth, Michael: U.S. News & World Report

 Finn, Teaganne: BNA News

 Fitzpatrick, Jack: BNA News

 Flood, Brian: BNA News

 Forgey, Burl, V: Politico

 Fortnam, Brett: Inside Washington Publishers

 Foster, Emily: Tax Notes

 Foust, Jeffrey: Space News

 Francis, Laura: BNA News

 Frank, Thomas: E&E News

 Franklin, Daniel: Economist

 Franklin Volpe, Mary Beth: InvestmentNews

 Frazin, Rachel: The Hill

 Freed, Benjamin: FedScoop

 Fribush, Rebecca: BNA News

 Friedman, Sara: FCW

 Galvin, Maria: U.S. News & World Report

 Gangitano, Alexandra: The Hill

 Gardner, Eric: Hollywood Reporter

 Gardner, Lauren: Politico

 Gatrone, Allison: BNA News

 Gatz, Nicholas: Falls Church News Press

 Geller, Eric: Politico

 Gerber, Drew: National Journal

 Gheorghiu, Iulia: Industry Dive

 Giangreco, Leigh: Capitol Forum

 Gibb, Steven: BNA News

 Giglio, Michael: Atlantic Monthly

 Gilbert, Lindsey: Roll Call

 Gill, Daniel: BNA News

 Gill, Jaspreet: Inside Washington Publishers

 Gilmer, Ellen: BNA News

 Gilpin-Green, Justice: National Journal

 Gilsinan, Kathleen: Atlantic Monthly

 Gilston, Meredith: Gilston-Kalin Communications

 Gingery, Derrick: Informa

 Giroux, Gregory: BNA News

 Gizzi, John: NewsMax

 Glancy, Joshua: Sunday Times

 Glass, Andrew: Politico

 Glasser, Susan: New Yorker

 Glover, Asha: Tax Notes

 Godfrey, Elaine: Atlantic Monthly

 Goindi, Geeta: India This Week

 Gold, Ashley: The Information

 Golden, Ryan: Industry Dive

 Goldstein, Benjamin: Aviation Week

 Golshan, Tara: Vox Media

 Gonzales, Nathan: Inside Elections

 Goslin, JoAnn: BNA News

 Gottlieb, Isabel: BNA News

 Gould, Joseph: Sightline Media Group

 Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

[[Page 1086]]

 Graham, David: Atlantic Monthly

 Graham, Victoria: BNA News

 Gramer, Robert: Foreign Policy

 Gray, William: Synopsis

 Green, Emma: Atlantic Monthly

 Green, Micha: Afro-American Newspapers

 Green, Miranda: The Hill

 Greenwood, Kristopher: The Hill

 Gregory, Patrick: BNA News

 Gregory, Stephen: Epoch Times

 Greiling Keane, Angela: Politico

 Grena Manley, Mary Ann: BNA News

 Griffis, Kelcee: Law360

 Gruenberg, Mark: Press Associates

 Guida, Victoria: Politico

 Guillen, Alexander: Politico

 Gunter, William: FCW

 Gurciullo, Brianna: Politico

 Hagen, Lisa: U.S. News & World Report

 Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal

 Hainsfurther, Adam: The Hill

 Hale, Christian: Roll Call

 Hale, Conor: FierceMarkets

 Halvorsen, Morgan: Morning Consult

 Hamilton, Amy: Tax Notes

 Hamrick, Mark: Bankrate.com

 Hansard, Sara: BNA News

 Hansen, Claire: U.S. News & World Report

 Haq, Masooma: Epoch Times

 Harrington, Jeffrey: BNA News

 Harris, Adam: Atlantic Monthly

 Harris, Hamil: Washington Informer

 Hassenfeld, Noam: Vox Media

 Hayes, Peter: BNA News

 Hefling, Kimberly: Politico

 Hegstad, Maria: Inside Washington Publishers

 Heidorn, Richard, Jr.: RTO Insider

 Heikkinen, Niina: E&E News

 Heissler, Philipp: WirtschaftsWoche

 Heitin, Liana: Education Week

 Heller, Marc: E&E News

 Hellmann, Jessie: The Hill

 Helton, John: Roll Call

 Hendel, John: Politico

 Henderson, Gregory: BNA News

 Hendin, Robert: Atlantic Monthly

 Hendrie, Paul: BNA News

 Herckis, Mitchel: Government Executive

 Hess, Ryan: MII Publications

 Hesson, Theodore, III: Politico

 Hiar, Corbin: E&E News

 Hijazi, Jennifer: E&E News

 Hillman, G. Robert: Politico

 Ho, Soyoung: Research Institute of America Group

 Hoagland, Isabelle: Inside Washington Publishers

 Hobbs, Matthew Nielsen: Informa

 Hoffman, Rebecca: BNA News

 Hoffman, William, III: Tax Notes

 Hollier, Dennis: Inside Mortgage Finance

 Hoover, James: Law360

 Horwood, Rachel: Economist

 Hotakainen, Robert: E&E News

 Housiaux, Matthew: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Howard, Megan: BNA News

 Hudson, Elizabeth: Aviation Week

 Hussain, Irfan: BNA News

 Hussein, Fatima: BNA News

 Hyland, Terence: BNA News

 Iacone, Amanda: BNA News

 Ichniowski, Thomas: Engineering News-Record

 Insinna, Valerie: Sightline Media Group

 Irfan, Umair: Vox Media

 Jackson, Brianna: BNA News

 Jackson, Julie: Global Competition Review

 Jagoda, Naomi: The Hill

 Jahner, Kyle: BNA News

 Janifer, Salina: Research Institute of America Group

 Jaworski, Thomas: Tax Notes

 Jeane, Jessica: CCH Inc.

 Jekielek, Jan: Epoch Times

 Jin, Yan: Caijing Magazine

 Jing, Hui: Epoch Times

 Johnson, Alisa: BNA News

 Johnson, Christopher: Washington Blade

 Johnson, Eliana: Politico

 Johnson, Fawn: BNA News

 Johnson, Hannah: Inside Washington Publishers

 Jones, Caroline: Washington City Paper

 Jones, Paige: Tax Notes

 Jordan, George: Afro-American Newspapers

 Joselow, Maxine: E&E News

 Jost, Kenneth: CQ Researcher

 Jowers, Karen: Sightline Media Group

 Judson, Jennifer: Sightline Media Group

 Kamens, Jessie: BNA News

 Kanu, Hassan: BNA News

 Karem, Brian: Playboy

 Karlin-Smith, Sarah: Politico

 Kash, Wyatt: FedScoop

 Kassam, Sonia: BNA News

 Katz, Eric: Government Executive

 Katz, Justin: Inside Washington Publishers

 Kaut, David: Capitol Forum

 Kelly, Catherine: Informa

 Kelly, Laura: The Hill

 Kelly, Lauren: AIS Health

 Kenen, Joanne: Politico

 Kern, Rebecca: BNA News

 Kessler, Aaron: BNA News

 Kheel, Rebecca: The Hill

 Kim, Ellis: National Law Journal

 Kim, Yujin: Industry Dive

 King, Pamela: E&E News

 King, Peter: Politico

[[Page 1087]]

 King, Robert: FierceMarkets

 Kirby, Paul: Telecommunications Reports

 Klar, Rebecca: The Hill

 Klein, Alyson: Education Week

 Kliff, Sarah: Vox Media

 Klimas, Jacqueline: Politico

 Klingst, Martin: Die Zeit

 Koenig, Bryan: Law360

 Kohnert-Gross, Natalie: Sightline Media Group

 Koren, Marina: Atlantic Monthly

 Koss, Geoffrey: E&E News

 Kovski, Alan: Oil & Gas Journal

 Kragie, Andrew: Law360

 Kramer, Alexis: BNA News

 Kraushaar, Joshua: National Journal

 Kreighbaum, Andrew: BNA News

 Kroll, Andrew: Rolling Stone

 Kruse, Michael: Politico

 Kruzel, John: The Hill

 Kubetin, William: BNA News

 Kuckro, Rod: E&E News

 Kuehne, Joseph: BNA News

 Kuldell, Heather: Government Executive

 Kullgren, Ian: Politico

 Kumar, Anita: Politico

 Kumar, Vikas: Capitol Forum

 Kushin, Philip: BNA News

 LaBrecque, Louis: BNA News

 Lacey, Anthony: Inside Washington Publishers

 Lane, Sylvan: The Hill

 LaRoss, David: Inside Washington Publishers

 Larsen, Kathryn: BNA News

 Lassiter, Shevry: Washington Informer

 Lavers, Michael: Washington Blade

 Lee, Brandon: BNA News

 Lee, Jane: Nature

 Lee, Julia: BNA News

 Lee, Mary: Politico

 Lee, Robert: BNA News

 Lee, Steve: BNA News

 Lefebvre, Benjamin: Politico

 Leins, Casey: U.S. News & World Report

 Lengell, Sean: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Leonard, Matthew: Industry Dive

 Leonard, Michael: BNA News

 Leone, Daniel: Exchange Monitor Publications

 Lesesne, William: Research Institute of America Group

 Lesniewski, Niels: Roll Call

 Levine, Alexandra: Politico

 LeVine, Marianne: Politico

 LeVines, George: Roll Call

 Lienhard, Kelly: Inside Washington Publishers

 Lillis, Michael: The Hill

 Lim, David: Industry Dive

 Lim, David: Politico

 Lima, Cristiano: Politico

 Lind, Dara: Vox Media

 Lippman, Daniel: Politico

 Lira-Guerra, Alvin: BNA News

 Lithwick, Dahlia Hannah: Slate

 Lloyd, Richard: IAM Magazine

 Lopez, Ian: BNA News

 Lorenzo, Aaron: Politico

 Lorenzo, Heather: Politico

 Loricchio, Lauren: Tax Notes

 Losey, Stephen: Sightline Media Group

 Lovelace, Ryan: National Law Journal

 Luccioli, Colleen: E&E News

 Lunney, Kellie: E&E News

 Luthi, Susannah: Politico

 Lyngaas, Sean: FedScoop

 Maas, Angela: AIS Health

 Macagnone, Michael: Law360

 Macaluso, Nora: BNA News

 MacNeal, Caitlin: Talking Points Memo

 Macri, Giuseppe: BNA News

 Magill, Robert: BNA News

 Maine, Amanda: CCH Inc.

 Mak, Aaron: Slate

 Malhi, Sabrina: The Hill

 Manchester, Julia: The Hill

 Mandel, Jennifer: E&E News

 Manzo, Kathleen: Education Week

 Marcos, Cristina: The Hill

 Marcy, Steven: BNA News

 Marshall, Christa: E&E News

 Martel, Catherine: The Hill

 Martin, Emily: Inside Washington Publishers

 Martin, Jill: E&E News

 Martinson, Erica: E&E News

 Marx, Claude: FTCWatch

 Mathur, Vandana: BNA News

 Matishak, Martin: Politico

 Matthews, Mark, Jr.: E&E News

 Mauro, Anthony: National Law Journal

 Mayer, Jane: New Yorker

 Maza, Cristina: Newsweek

 Mazmanian, Adam: FCW

 McCaskill, Nolan: Politico

 McConnell, William, IV: Law360

 McCormack, John: National Review

 McCrimmon, Ryan: Politico

 McCutcheon, Charles: BNA News

 McDonald, Natashka: Hispanic Link News Service

 McGann, Laura: Vox Media

 McGill, Margaret: Politico

 McGowan, Mary Frances: National Journal

 McGraw, Meridith: Politico

 McLoughlin, Jennifer: Tax Notes

 McManus, Erin: BNA News

 McNeal, Abigail: BNA News

 McPherson, Lindsey: Roll Call

 McQuillan, Samuel: BNA News

 Mears, Megan: BNA News

[[Page 1088]]

 Mehta, Aaron: Sightline Media Group

 Mejdrich, Kellie: Politico

 Menard, Courtney: BNA News

 Mendoza, Carmen: Chronicle of Higher Education

 Menezes, Andrew: Roll Call

 Meredith, Emily: Energy Intelligence

 Merken, Sara: BNA News

 Meszoly, Robin: BNA News

 Meyer, Robinson: Atlantic Monthly

 Miessler, James: FDAnews

 Miley, John: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Milhiser, Ellen: Synopsis

 Miller, Margaret: The Hill

 Millhiser, Ian: Vox Media

 Milligan, Susan: U.S. News & World Report

 Millman, Jason: Politico

 Mills Rodrigo, Christopher: The Hill

 Mineiro, Megan: Courthouse News Service

 Minemyer, Paige: FierceMarkets

 Mintz, Samuel: Politico

 Mitchell, Charles: Inside Washington Publishers

 Mitchell, Corey: Education Week

 Mitchell, Ellen: The Hill

 Mitchell, William, III: FedScoop

 Modan, Naaz: Industry Dive

 Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

 Monastersky, Richard: Nature

 Montellaro, Zachary: Politico

 Moore, Miles: Crain Communications

 Morehouse, Catherine: Industry Dive

 Morello, Lauren: Nature

 Moroses, Dylan: Law360

 Morrison, Richard: IEG Policy

 Muchmore, Shannon: Industry Dive

 Mueller, Marion: Politico

 Mulvaney, Erin: BNA News

 Muolo, Paul: Inside Mortgage Finance

 Murad, Yusra: Morning Consult

 Murphy, Colleen: BNA News

 Murphy, Joan: IEG Policy

 Murphy, Patricia: Roll Call

 Muse, Andrea: Tax Notes

 Mutnick, Allison: The Hotline

 Myers, Meghann: Sightline Media Group

 Myers, William: Regulatory Compliance Watch

 Narea, Nicole: Vox Media

 Nayak, Malathi: BNA News

 Neidig, Harper: The Hill

 Nelles, Roland: Der Spiegel

 Nelson, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

 Nerbovig, Ariel: BNA News

 Neuhauser, Alan: U.S. News & World Report

 Newell, James: Slate

 Newkumet, Patrick: OPIS

 Newman, Katelyn: U.S. News & World Report

 Nguyen, Thien-Nga: Politico

 Nicholas, Peter: Atlantic Monthly

 Nicholson, Jonathan: BNA News

 Nilsen, Ella: Vox Media

 Noah, Timothy: Politico

 Noble, Andrea: Government Executive

 Northey, Hannah: E&E News

 Nuelle, Benjamin: Agri-Pulse

 Nwanevu, Ositadinma: New Republic

 Nyczepir, David, Jr.: Government Executive

 Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

 O'Brien, Connor: Politico

 O'Brien, Cortney: Townhall

 O'Donnell, Katherine: Politico

 Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

 Okun, Eli: Politico

 Ollstein, Alice: Politico

 O'Mahony, Olivier: Paris Match

 O'Neal, Lydia: BNA News

 Opfer, Christopher: BNA News

 Oprysko, Caitlin: Politico

 Orchowski, Margaret: Hispanic Outlook

 Osnos, Evan: New Yorker

 Otterbein, Holly: Politico

 Overly, Steven: Politico

 Owermohle, Sarah: Politico

 Pagel, Hannah: Agri-Pulse

 Pak, Kum: USA Journal

 Palmer, Anna: Politico

 Palmer, Douglas: Politico

 Panetta, Alexander: Politico

 Parillo, Kristen: Tax Notes

 Parker, Alexander: Law360

 Parker, Stuart: Inside Washington Publishers

 Parts, Spencer: Global Competition Review

 Pathe, Simone: Roll Call

 Patterson, James: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Patton, Adrienne: Broadband Census

 Pavlich, Catherine: Townhall

 Payne, David: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Pazanowski, Bernard: BNA News

 Pazanowski, Mary Anne: BNA News

 Pearson, Samuel: BNA News

 Pekow, Charles: American Brewer Media

 Penn, Benjamin: BNA News

 Perez, Juan, Jr.: Politico

 Perine, Keith: BNA News

 Perks, Ashley: The Hill

 Perlman, Matthew: Law360

 Pfister, Rene: Der Spiegel

 Phillips, Ariella: Chronicle of Philanthropy

 Piacenza, Joanna: Morning Consult

 Pickrell, Ryan: Business Insider

 Pifer, Rebecca: Industry Dive

 Plott, Elaina: Atlantic Monthly

 Pollak, Suzanne: Montgomery County Sentinel

 Polunina, Valentyna: Der Spiegel

 Pomerleau, Mark: Sightline Media Group

 Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

[[Page 1089]]

 Pradhan, Rachana: Politico

 Press, William: The Hill

 Prete, Ryan: BNA News

 Prokop, Andrew: Vox Media

 Prude, Harvest: World Magazine

 Pugh, Anthony: BNA News

 Pulsford, Michael: Capitol Forum

 Quilantan, Bianca: Politico

 Quinones Ramos, Manuel: E&E News

 Raghunathan, Nicola: BNA News

 Rainey, Rebecca: Politico

 Ramonas, Andrew: BNA News

 Raycheva, Margarita: IEG Policy

 Reardon, Sarah: Nature

 Reddy, Sudeep: Politico

 Reeves, Dawn: Inside Washington Publishers

 Reid, Jonathan: BNA News

 Reilly, Amanda: E&E News

 Reilly, Sean: E&E News

 Reishus, Mark: Thompson Information Services

 Remaly, Benjamin: Global Competition Review

 Rempfer, Kyle: Sightline Media Group

 Restuccia, Andrew: Politico

 Reynolds, David: Inside Washington Publishers

 Rich, Elizabeth: Education Week

 Richards, Heather: E&E News

 Richardson, Tyrone: BNA News

 Richman, Nathan: Tax Notes

 Riley, John: Metro Weekly

 Rizzuto, Denise: BNA News

 Roberts, Edward: CTFN

 Robinson, Kimberly: BNA News

 Robinson, Melissa: BNA News

 Rockwell, Lawrence: FCW

 Rodgers, John, III: Courthouse News Service

 Rodriguez, Sabrina: Politico

 Rogers, David: Politico

 Rojas, Warren: BNA News

 Rolfsen, Bruce: BNA News

 Rosas, Julio: Townhall

 Rosenbaum, Claudia: Billboard Magazine

 Rosenberg, Joshua: Law360

 Ross, Garrett: Politico

 Ross, Michaela: BNA News

 Rothenberg, Stuart: Inside Elections

 Rothman, Heather: BNA News

 Roubein, Rachel: Politico

 Roza, David: Inside Washington Publishers

 Rozen, Courtney: BNA News

 Rubin, Jordan: BNA News

 Rudig, Stephanie: Washington City Paper

 Ruf, Jessica: Diverse: Issues in Higher Education

 Rund, Jacob: BNA News

 Ruoff, Alexander: BNA News

 Russell, Lia: FCW

 Ryan, Timothy: Courthouse News Service

 Sabin, Samantha: Morning Consult

 Saenz, Cheryl: BNA News

 Saiyid, Amena: BNA News

 Salpini, Cara: Industry Dive

 Salzano, Carlo: Professional Mariner

 Samuels, Brett: The Hill

 Samuels, Christina: Education Week

 Samuelsohn, Darren: Politico

 Saunders, Karen: BNA News

 Savoie, Andre: Aviation Week

 Savoy Lyles, Mahogany: BNA News

 Sawchuk, Stephen: Education Week

 Scarcella, Michael: National Law Journal

 Schaffer, Michael: Washingtonian

 Schatz, Joseph: Politico

 Scherman, Robert: Satellite Business News

 Scheu, Katherine: Industry Dive

 Scheuermann, Christoph: Der Spiegel

 Schneider, Elena: Politico

 Schoeff, Mark, Jr.: InvestmentNews

 Scholtes, Jennifer: Politico

 Schomisch, Jeffrey: Thompson Information Services

 Schoof, Renee: BNA News

 Schreckinger, Benjamin: Politico

 Schultz, David: BNA News

 Schwartz, David: BNA News

 Schwartz, Paul: Montgomery County Sentinel

 Schwartz, Sarah: Education Week

 Scola, Nancy: Politico

 Scott, Dean: BNA News

 Scott, Dylan: Vox Media

 Scott, Katherine: BNA News

 Seddiq, Oma: Politico

 Seiden, Daniel: BNA News

 Seligman, Lara: Foreign Policy

 Sellers, Steven: BNA News

 Semones, Evan: Politico

 Shafer, Jack: Politico

 Shane, Leo, III: Sightline Media Group

 Shapiro, Walter: Roll Call

 Sheets, Scott: Tax Notes

 Shelbourne, Mallory: Inside Washington Publishers

 Shepard, Steven: Politico

 Shepherd, Brittany: Washingtonian

 Sherman, Jacob: Politico

 Sherwood, Daniel: Capitol Forum

 Sherwood, Zachary: BNA News

 Shevenock, Sarah: Morning Consult

 Shinkman, Paul: U.S. News & World Report

 Shreve, Margaret: BNA News

 Simendinger, Alexis: The Hill

 Siripurapu, Anshuman: Inside Washington Publishers

 Sirota, Sara: Inside Washington Publishers

 Skolnik, Samuel: BNA News

 Sloan, Tina: FierceMarkets

 Small, Leslie: AIS Health

 Smelson, Cheryl: BNA News

 Smith, Abigail: BNA News

[[Page 1090]]

 Smith, Paige: BNA News

 Sneed, Tierney: Talking Points Memo

 Snider, Ann: Politico

 Snow, Nicholas: Oil & Gas Journal

 Snyder, Tanya: Politico

 Sobczak, Blake: E&E News

 Sobczyk, Nicholas, II: E&E News

 Sobieraj-Westfall, Sandra: People Magazine

 Sodergreen, John: Scudder Publishing

 Soderstrom, Nathan: Capitol Forum

 Somerville, Glenn: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 South, Todd: Sightline Media Group

 Sparks, Sarah: Education Week

 Spicer, Malcolm: Informa

 Sprackland, Teri: Tax Notes

 Sprague, John: Budget & Program

 Stahl, Jeremy: Slate

 Stam, John: BNA News

 Stanage, Niall: The Hill

 Stanton, Lynn: Telecommunications Reports

 Stanzione, Melissa: BNA News

 Stark, Lisa: Education Week

 Starks, Timothy, II: Politico

 Starr, Beth: BNA News

 Stecker, Tiffany: BNA News

 Steiger, Kay: Vox Media

 Stein, Michelle: Inside Washington Publishers

 Stein, Shira: BNA News

 Steinberg, Julie: BNA News

 Stern, Christopher: The Information

 Stokeld, Frederick: Tax Notes

 Stoller, Daniel: BNA News

 Stratford, Michael: Politico

 Strauss, Daniel: Politico

 Strickler, Andrew: Law360

 Strout, Nathaniel: Sightline Media Group

 Stubbs, Kathleen: Montgomery County Sentinel

 Sturdza, Gina: Epoch Times

 Sullivan, Peter: The Hill

 Sultan, Michael: Energy Intelligence

 Sun, Yujia: BNA News

 Superville, Denisa: Education Week

 Sutter, Susan: Informa

 Swann, James: BNA News

 Tahir, Darius: Politico

 Tamborrino, Kelsey: Politico

 Tan, Anjelica: The Hill

 Tang, Chia Chieh: Sina News

 Tapscott, Stanley: Epoch Times

 Taylor, Joy: Kiplinger Washington Editors

 Taylor, Thomas: BNA News

 Teale, Christopher: Industry Dive

 Temple-West, Patrick: Politico

 Theis, Michael: Chronicle of Philanthropy

 Thomas, Alexander: Playboy

 Thompson, Wenoka: DC Spotlight Newspaper

 Thomsen, Jacqueline: National Law Journal

 Timms, Edward: Roll Call

 Tiron, Roxana: BNA News

 Toloken, Steven: Crain Communications

 Tomson, William, Jr.: Agri-Pulse

 Toobin, Jeffrey: New Yorker

 Toosi, Nahal: Politico

 Tosh, Dennis: Thompson Information Services

 Touchberry, Ramsey: Newsweek

 Townsend, Rachael: BNA News

 Tressel, Ashley: Inside Washington Publishers

 Tricchinelli, Robert: BNA News

 Trimarchi, Michael: BNA News

 Trimble, Stephen: Aviation Week

 Tritten, Travis: BNA News

 Trudo, Hanna: The Hotline

 Trygstad, Kyle: The Hotline

 Tucker, Brian: Industry Dive

 Tucker, Charlotte: BNA News

 Tully-McManus, Katherine: Roll Call

 Twachtman, Gregory: Frontline Medical Communications

 Ujifusa, Andrew: Education Week

 Unglesbee, Benjamin: Industry Dive

 van den Berg, David: Law360

 Vargas, Carolina: BNA News

 Vavra, Shannon: FedScoop

 Velarde, Andrew: Tax Notes

 Velgot, Stephen: CTFN

 Versprille, Allyson: BNA News

 Vesoulis, Abigail: Time Magazine

 Vespa, Matthew: Townhall

 Viadero-Rogers, Debra: Education Week

 Victor, Kirk: FTCWatch

 Villa Huerta, Lissandra: Time Magazine

 Vincent, Brandi: Government Executive

 Vissiere, Helene: Le Point

 Vittorio, Andrea: BNA News

 Waddell Diab, Melanie: Investment Advisor Magazine

 Wagner, Erich: Government Executive

 Waldman, Scott: E&E News

 Walker, Molly: FierceMarkets

 Wallender, Andrew: BNA News

 Walsh, Kenneth: U.S. News & World Report

 Walsh, Mark: Education Week

 Wang, Beth: Inside Washington Publishers

 Ward, Alexander: Vox Media

 Ward, Molly: BNA News

 Ward-Lucas, Tamara: E&E News

 Warmbrodt, Zachary: Politico

 Warminsky, Joseph, III: FedScoop

 Weaver, Allen, Jr.: The Hill

 Weber, Ricky: Inside Washington Publishers

 Webster, James: Agri-Pulse

 Weinberger, Evan: BNA News

 Weinger, Mackenzie: National Journal

 Weisgerber, Marcus: Defense One

 Weixel, Nathaniel: The Hill

[[Page 1091]]

 Wells, Porter: BNA News

 Wermund, Benjamin: Politico

 Weyl, Benjamin: Politico

 Whitaker, Joel: Whitaker & Company, Publishers, Inc.

 White, Molly: OPIS

 Whitford, Emma: Politico

 Wilhelm, Colin: BNA News

 Wilkerson, John: Inside Washington Publishers

 Wilkins, Emily: BNA News

 Will, Madeline: Education Week

 Wille, Jacklyn: BNA News

 Williams, Claire: Morning Consult

 Williams, John: Capitol Forum

 Williams, Jordan: FDAnews

 Williams, Katherine: Defense One

 Williams, Lauren: FCW

 Williams, Michael: Capitol Forum

 Williams, Walter: CEO Update

 Wilson, Megan: BNA News

 Wilson, Reid: The Hill

 Winters, Conor: Capitol Forum

 Wise, Sara: Roll Call

 Witt, Emily: New Yorker

 Wittenberg, Ariel: E&E News

 Wofford, Benjamin: Washingtonian

 Wolfe, Kathryn: Politico

 Wolff, Eric: Politico

 Wong, Scott: The Hill

 Worland, Justin: Time Magazine

 Wright, James, Jr.: Washington Informer

 Wyant Johnson, Sara: Agri-Pulse

 Xiao, Bowen: Epoch Times

 Yachnin, Jennifer: E&E News

 Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

 Yang, Yemeng: Inside Mortgage Finance

 Yermal, Brian, Jr.: Morning Consult

 Yokley, Eli: Morning Consult

 Yukhananov, Anna: BNA News

 Yurkovic, Janet: BNA News

 Zaneski, Cyril: E&E News

 Zanona, Melanie: Politico

 Zapler, Michael: Politico

 Zeng, Zheng: Epoch Times

 Zhang, Mona: Politico

 Zhang, Qi: Caixin Media

 Zhou, Li: Vox Media

 Zoettl, Ines: Capital

[[Page 1092]]

                PERIODICALS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

             House Gallery 225-2941    Senate Gallery 224-0265
             
 AFRO-AMERICAN NEWSPAPERS--(410) 554-8257; 1140 3rd Street NE, 2nd Floor, 
Washington, DC 20002: Micha Green, George Jordan.

 AGRI-PULSE--(202) 488-0185; 1400 Independence Avenue SW, Suite 1639, 
Washington, MO 20250: Philip Brasher, Stephen Davies, Benjamin Nuelle, 
Hannah Pagel, William Tomson Jr, James Webster, Sara Wyant Johnson.

 AIS HEALTH--(202) 775-9008; 2101 L St NW., Suite 400, Washington, DC 
20037: Carina Belles, Jinghong Chen, Lauren Kelly, Angela Maas, Leslie 
Small.

 AMERICAN BREWER MEDIA--(301) 493-6926; 5225 Pooks Hill Road, #1118N, 
Bethesda, MD 20814: Charles Pekow.

 ASIA TODAY--(202) 271-1100; 27025 McPherson Square Street, Washington, DC 
20038: Raghubir Goyal.

 ATLANTIC MONTHLY--(202) 266-6000; 600 New Hampshire Avenue NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Yonatan Appelbaum, Natasha Bertrand, Ronald 
Brownstein, Kriston Capps, Madeleine Colbert, Edward-Isaac Dovere, Andrew 
Ferguson, Michael Giglio, Kathleen Gilsinan, Elaine Godfrey, David Graham, 
Emma Green, Adam Harris, Robert Hendin, Marina Koren, Robinson Meyer, Peter 
Nicholas, Elaina Plott.

 AVIATION WEEK--(202) 517-1064; 2121 K Street, Suite 210, Washington, DC 
20037: Michael Bruno, William Carey Jr, Jennifer DiMascio, Benjamin 
Goldstein, Elizabeth Hudson, Andre Savoie, Stephen Trimble.

 BANKRATE.COM--(202) 450-4465; National Press Building, Suite 841, 
Washington, DC 20045: Mark Hamrick.

 BILLBOARD MAGAZINE--(323) 594-0250: Claudia Rosenbaum.

 BNA NEWS--(703) 341-3000; 1801 South Bell Street, Arlington, VA 22202: 
Mirza Aftab, Paul Albergo, Madison Alder, Ayanna Alexander, Madison 
Alexander, Alexei Alexis, Adam Allington, Patrick Ambrosio, Nicholas 
Anzalotta, Pamela Atkins, Margaret Aulino, Sarah Babbage, Aysha Bagchi, 
Rebecca Baker, Martina Barash, Kaustuv Basu, Valerie Bauman, Jeannie 
Baumann, Kevin Bell, Jennifer Bennett, Steven Beynon, Lydia Beyoud, Megan 
Boyanton, Rossella Brevetti, Steven Brittain, Kathryn Britton, Dylan Bruce, 
Susan Bruninga, Peter Brusoe, Madelyn Callahan, Sylvia Carignan, Andrew 
Childers, Patricio Chile, Paul Connolly, Steven Cook, Jessica Coomes, Perry 
Cooper, Shaun Courtney, John Crawley, Nicholas Datlowe, Lydia Davenport, 
Sylvia Diane Davis, Jaclyn Diaz, Patrick Dorrian, Genevieve Douglas, 
Kenneth Doyle, Loren Duggan IV, Katrice Eborn, Karen Ertel, Teaganne Finn, 
Jack Fitzpatrick, Brian Flood, Laura Francis, Rebecca Fribush, Allison 
Gatrone, Steven Gibb, Daniel Gill, Ellen Gilmer, Gregory Giroux, JoAnn 
Goslin, Isabel Gottlieb, Victoria Graham, Patrick Gregory, Mary Ann Grena 
Manley, Sara Hansard, Jeffrey Harrington, Peter Hayes, Gregory Henderson, 
Paul Hendrie, Rebecca Hoffman, Megan Howard, Irfan Hussain, Fatima Hussein, 
Terence Hyland, Amanda Iacone, Brianna Jackson, Kyle Jahner, Alisa Johnson, 
Fawn Johnson, Jessie Kamens, Hassan Kanu, Sonia Kassam, Rebecca Kern, Aaron 
Kessler, Alexis Kramer, Andrew Kreighbaum, William Kubetin, Joseph Kuehne, 
Philip Kushin, Louis LaBrecque, Kathryn Larsen, Brandon Lee, Julia Lee, 
Robert Lee, Steve Lee, Michael Leonard, Alvin Lira-Guerra, Ian Lopez, Nora 
Macaluso, Giuseppe Macri, Robert Magill, Steven Marcy, Vandana Mathur, 
Charles McCutcheon, Erin McManus, Abigail McNeal, Samuel McQuillan, Megan 
Mears, Courtney Menard, Sara Merken, Robin Meszoly, Erin Mulvaney, Colleen 
Murphy, Malathi Nayak, Ariel Nerbovig, Jonathan Nicholson, Nancy 
Ognanovich, Lydia O'Neal, Christopher Opfer, Bernard Pazanowski, Mary Anne 
Pazanowski, Samuel Pearson, Benjamin Penn, Keith Perine, Ryan Prete, 
Anthony Pugh, Nicola Raghunathan, Andrew Ramonas, Jonathan Reid, Tyrone 
Richardson, Denise Rizzuto, Kimberly Robinson, Melissa Robinson, Warren 
Rojas, Bruce Rolfsen, Michaela Ross, Heather Rothman, Courtney Rozen, 
Jordan Rubin, Jacob Rund, Alexander Ruoff, Cheryl Saenz, Amena Saiyid, 
Karen Saunders, Mahogany Savoy Lyles, Renee Schoof, David Schultz, David 
Schwartz, Dean Scott, Katherine Scott, Daniel Seiden, Steven Sellers, 
Zachary Sherwood, Margaret Shreve, Samuel Skolnik, Cheryl Smelson, Abigail 
Smith, Paige Smith, John Stam, Melissa Stanzione, Beth Starr, Tiffany 
Stecker, Shira Stein, Julie Steinberg, Daniel Stoller, Yujia Sun, James 
Swann, Thomas Taylor, Roxana Tiron, Rachael Townsend, Robert Tricchinelli, 
Michael Trimarchi, Travis Tritten, Charlotte Tucker, Carolina Vargas, 
Allyson Versprille, Andrea Vittorio, Andrew Wallender, Molly Ward, Evan 
Weinberger, Porter Wells, Colin Wilhelm, Emily Wilkins, Jacklyn Wille, 
Megan Wilson, Anna Yukhananov, Janet Yurkovic.

 BROADBAND CENSUS--(202) 329-9517; 1750 K Street NW., Suite 1200, 
Washington, DC 20006: Mariya Abarinova, Andrew Clark, Andrew Feinberg, 
Adrienne Patton.

[[Page 1093]]

 BUDGET & PROGRAM--(202) 628-3860; 1408 Teal Court, Frederick, MD 21703: 
John Sprague.

 BUSINESS INSIDER--(770) 286-4053: Ryan Pickrell.

 CAIJING MAGAZINE--(202) 525-2117; 3133 Connecticut Avenue NW., 110A, 
Washington, DC 20008: Yan Jin.

 CAIXIN MEDIA--(202) 375-9744; 708 15th Street South, #5, Arlington, VA 
22202: Qi Zhang.

 CAPITAL--(202) 262-4470; 605 8th Street NE, Washington, DC 20002: Ines 
Zoettl.

 CAPITOL FORUM--(202) 601-2300; 1200 New Hampshire Ave NW., Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jeffrey Bliss, Matthew Bruenig, Theodore Downey, 
Leigh Giangreco, David Kaut, Vikas Kumar, Michael Pulsford, Daniel 
Sherwood, Nathan Soderstrom, John Williams, Michael Williams, Conor 
Winters.

 CCH INC.--(202) 842-7355; 1015 15th Street NW., 10th Floor, Washington, DC 
20005: John Atwood, Jessica Jeane, Amanda Maine.

 CEO UPDATE--(202) 721-7656; 1725 I Street NW., Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20006: Martin Berman-Gorvine, Lori Bryant, William Ehart, Walter Williams.

 CHRONICLE OF HIGHER EDUCATION--(202) 466-1000; 1255 23rd Street NW., Suite 
700, Washington, DC 20037: Goldie Blumenstyk, Carmen Mendoza.

 CHRONICLE OF PHILANTHROPY--(202) 466-1200; 1255 23rd Street NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Alexander Daniels, Maria DiMento, Ariella Phillips, 
Michael Theis.

 CORPORATE CRIME REPORTER--(202) 737-1680; 1209 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Russell Mokhiber.

 COURTHOUSE NEWS SERVICE--(443) 783-1463; 125 Chester Avenue, Annapolis, MD 
21403: Ryan Abbott, Brandi Buchman, Megan Mineiro, John Rodgers III, 
Timothy Ryan.

 CQ RESEARCHER--(202) 729-1800; 2600 Virginia Avenue, NW., Suite 600, 
Washington, DC 20037: Kenneth Jost.

 CRAIN COMMUNICATIONS--(202) 662-7200; 1200 G Street NW., Suite 859, 
Washington, DC 20005: Hazel Bradford, Brian Croce, Miles Moore, Steven 
Toloken.

 CTFN--(202) 243-8714; 7905 Bounding Bend Court, Rockville, MD 20855: 
Edward Roberts, Stephen Velgot.

 DC SPOTLIGHT NEWSPAPER--(301) 288-7997; P.O. Box 673, Gaithersburg, MD 
20884: Wenoka Thompson.

 DEFENSE ONE--(202) 739-8501; 600 New Hampshire Avenue NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Marcus Weisgerber, Katherine Williams.

 DER SPIEGEL--(202) 347-5222; 1202 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Roland Nelles, Rene Pfister, Valentyna Polunina, Christoph 
Scheuermann.

 DIE ZEIT--(301) 312-8453; 4701 Willard Avenue, #1214, Chevy Chase, MD 
20815: Martin Klingst.

 DIVERSE: ISSUES IN HIGHER EDUCATION--(703) 385-2981; 10520 Warwick Avenue, 
Suite B-8, Fairfax, VA 22030: Jessica Ruf.

 ECONOMIST--(202) 429-0890; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue NW., Suite 1210, 
Washington, DC 20036: James Astill, Jonathan Fasman, Daniel Franklin, 
Rachel Horwood.

 EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-3100; 6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100, Bethesda, 
MD 20814: Evie Blad, Mark Bomster, Daarel Burnette II, Kavitha Cardoza, 
Sean Cavanagh, Liana Heitin, Alyson Klein, Kathleen Manzo, Corey Mitchell, 
Elizabeth Rich, Christina Samuels, Stephen Sawchuk, Sarah Schwartz, Sarah 
Sparks, Lisa Stark, Denisa Superville, Andrew Ujifusa, Debra Viadero-
Rogers, Mark Walsh, Madeline Will.

 E&E NEWS--(202) 628-6500; 122 C Street NW., Suite 722, Washington, DC 
20001: Carlos Anchondo, Philip Athey, Adam Aton, Katie Howell Beckman, 
Peter Behr, Kevin Bogardus, Mary Shaffrey Brady, Dylan Brown, Kelsey 
Brugger, George Cahlink, Timothy Cama, Amy Carlile, Jean Chemnick, Jeremy 
Dillon, Michael Doyle, Ariana Figueroa, Thomas Frank, Niina Heikkinen, Marc 
Heller, Corbin Hiar, Jennifer Hijazi, Robert Hotakainen, Maxine Joselow, 
Pamela King, Geoffrey Koss, Rod Kuckro, Colleen Luccioli, Kellie Lunney, 
Jennifer Mandel, Christa Marshall, Jill Martin, Erica Martinson, Mark 
Matthews Jr, Hannah Northey, Manuel Quinones Ramos, Amanda Reilly, Sean 
Reilly, Heather Richards, Blake Sobczak, Nicholas Sobczyk II, Scott 
Waldman, Tamara Ward-Lucas, Ariel Wittenberg, Jennifer Yachnin, Cyril 
Zaneski.

 ENERGY INTELLIGENCE--(202) 662-0700; 1401 K Street NW., Suite 1000, Suite 
602, Washington, DC 20005: Stephanie Cooke, Lauren Craft, Mark Davidson, 
Bridget DiCosmo, Emily Meredith, Michael Sultan.

 ENGINEERING NEWS-RECORD--(301) 649-3508; 10408 Huntley Avenue, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902: Thomas Ichniowski.

 EPOCH TIMES--(202) 662-7160; 529 14th Street NW., Suite 446, Washington, 
MD 20045: Emel Akan, Cynthia Cai, Charlotte Cuthbertson, Zhaoxia Dong, Gary 
Feuerberg, Stephen Gregory, Masooma Haq, Jan Jekielek, Hui Jing, Gina 
Sturdza, Stanley Tapscott, Bowen Xiao, Zheng Zeng.

 EXCHANGE MONITOR PUBLICATIONS--(571) 527-1407; 1911 North Fort Meyer 
Drive, Suite 705, Arlington, VA 22209: Ernest Barber, Daniel Leone.

 FALLS CHURCH NEWS PRESS--(703) 532-3267; 200 Little Falls Street, Suite 
508, Falls Church, VA 22046: Nicholas Benton, Nicholas Gatz.

[[Page 1094]]

 FCW--(703) 876-5100; 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510, McLean, VA 22102: 
Richard Cohen, Sara Friedman, William Gunter, Adam Mazmanian, Lawrence 
Rockwell, Lia Russell, Lauren Williams.

 FDANEWS--(703) 538-7600; 300 North Washington Street, Suite 200, Falls 
Church, VA 22046: James Miessler, Jordan Williams.

 FEDSCOOP--(202) 887-8001; 2001 K Street NW., Suite 1411, Washington, DC 
20006: Tajha Chappellet-Lanier, Benjamin Freed, Wyatt Kash, Sean Lyngaas, 
William Mitchell III, Shannon Vavra, Joseph Warminsky III.

 FIERCEMARKETS--(202) 628-8778; 1900 L St NW., Suite 400, Washington, DC 
20036: Conor Hale, Robert King, Paige Minemyer, Tina Sloan, Molly Walker.

 FIVETHIRTYEIGHT--(202) 210-8387; 3430 Brown Street, Washington, DC 20010: 
Perry Bacon Jr.

 FOREIGN POLICY--(202) 728-7300; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20006: Robert Gramer, Lara Seligman.

 FREITAG--(301) 699-3908; 4506 32nd Street, Mt. Rainier, MD 20712: Konrad 
Ege.

 FRONTLINE MEDICAL COMMUNICATIONS635 Fishers Lane, Suite 6000, Rockville, 
MD 20852: Gregory Twachtman.

 FTCWATCH--(703) 684-7171; 1776 I Street NW., Suite 260, Washington, DC 
20006: Claude Marx, Kirk Victor.

 THE GEORGETOWNER--(202) 338-4833; 1050 30th Street NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Sonya Bernhardt, Robert Devaney.

 GILSTON-KALIN COMMUNICATIONS--(301) 460-3060; P.O. Box 5325, Rockville, MD 
20848-5325: Meredith Gilston.

 GLOBAL COMPETITION REVIEW--(202) 831-4660; 2122 P Street NW., Suite 201, 
Washington, DC 20037: Julie Jackson, Spencer Parts, Benjamin Remaly.

 GOVERNMENT EXECUTIVE--(202) 739-8501; 600 New Hampshire Avenue NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Aaron Boyd, Courtney Buble, Charles Clark, Amelia 
Cohn, Emma Coleman, John Corrigan, Mitchel Herckis, Eric Katz, Heather 
Kuldell, Andrea Noble, David Nyczepir Jr, Brandi Vincent, Erich Wagner.

 THE HILL--(202) 628-8500; 1625 K Street NW., Suite 900, Washington, DC 
20006: Judy Altscher, Christine Ayala, Olivia Beavers, Rebecca Beitsch, 
Rafael Bernal, Emily Birnbaum, Alexander Bolton, Julia Grace Brufke, Jesse 
Byrnes, Jordain Carney, Morgan Chalfant, Robert Cusack, Jonathan Easley, 
Niv Elis, Jordan Fabian, Rachel Frazin, Alexandra Gangitano, Miranda Green, 
Kristopher Greenwood, Adam Hainsfurther, Jessie Hellmann, Naomi Jagoda, 
Laura Kelly, Rebecca Kheel, Rebecca Klar, John Kruzel, Sylvan Lane, Michael 
Lillis, Sabrina Malhi, Julia Manchester, Cristina Marcos, Catherine Martel, 
Margaret Miller, Christopher Mills Rodrigo, Ellen Mitchell, Harper Neidig, 
Ashley Perks, William Press, Brett Samuels, Alexis Simendinger, Niall 
Stanage, Peter Sullivan, Anjelica Tan, Allen Weaver Jr, Nathaniel Weixel, 
Reid Wilson, Scott Wong.

 HISPANIC LINK NEWS SERVICE--(202) 234-0280; 1420 N Street NW., Washington, 
DC 20005: Natashka McDonald.

 HISPANIC OUTLOOK--(202) 236-5595; 2627 O Street NW., Washington, DC 20007: 
Margaret Orchowski.

 HOLLYWOOD REPORTER--(646) 729-4824; 806 Charles James Circle, Ellicott 
City, MD 21043: Eric Gardner.

 THE HOTLINE--(202) 739-8400; 600 New Hampshire Avenue NW., Washington, DC 
20037: Allison Mutnick, Hanna Trudo, Kyle Trygstad.

 IAM MAGAZINE--(202) 316-4965; 1346 Rittenhouse Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20011: Richard Lloyd.

 IEG POLICY--(703) 595-2255; 2121 K Street NW., Suite 300, Washington, DC 
20037: Roger Bernard, Richard Morrison, Joan Murphy, Margarita Raycheva.

 INDIA THIS WEEK--(703) 599-6623; 1541 Wellingham Court, Vienna, VA 22182: 
Geeta Goindi.

 INDUSTRY DIVE--(202) 331-2480; 1575 I Street NW., 4th Floor, Washington, 
DC 20005: Jeremy Bauer-Wolf, Kathleen Brown, Jessica Campisi, Dana Elfin, 
Iulia Gheorghiu, Ryan Golden, Yujin Kim, Matthew Leonard, David Lim, Naaz 
Modan, Catherine Morehouse, Shannon Muchmore, Rebecca Pifer, Cara Salpini, 
Katherine Scheu, Christopher Teale, Brian Tucker, Benjamin Unglesbee.

 INFORMA--(240) 221-4500; 2121 K Street NW., Suite 300, Washington, DC 
20037: Ferdous Al-Faruque, Michael Cipriano, Bowman Cox, Susan Darcey, 
Derrick Gingery, Matthew Nielsen Hobbs, Catherine Kelly, Malcolm Spicer, 
Susan Sutter.

 THE INFORMATION--1140 3rd Street NE, 2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20002: 
Ashley Gold, Christopher Stern.

 INSIDE ELECTIONS--(202) 546-2822; 810 7th Street NE, Washington, DC 20002: 
Leah Askarinam, Nathan Gonzales, Stuart Rothenberg.

 INSIDE GNSS--(703) 920-9041; 1014 17th Street South, Arlington, VA 22202: 
Dee Divis.

 INSIDE MORTGAGE FINANCE--(301) 951-1240; 7910 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 1000, 
Bethesda, MD 20814: John Bancroft, George Brooks, Dennis Hollier, Paul 
Muolo, Yemeng Yang.

 INSIDE WASHINGTON PUBLISHERS--(703) 416-8500; 1919 South Eads Street, 
Suite 201, Arlington, VA 22202: Courtney Albon, Mariam Baksh, Lara Beaven, 
Anthony Bertuca IV, Chelsea Cirruzzo, Ariel Cohen, Justin Doubleday, Brett 
Fortnam, Jaspreet Gill, Maria Hegstad, Isabelle Hoagland, Hannah

[[Page 1095]]

Johnson, Justin Katz, Anthony Lacey, David LaRoss, Kelly Lienhard, Emily 
Martin, Charles Mitchell, Douglas Obey, Stuart Parker, Dawn Reeves, David 
Reynolds, David Roza, Mallory Shelbourne, Anshuman Siripurapu, Sara Sirota, 
Michelle Stein, Ashley Tressel, Beth Wang, Ricky Weber, John Wilkerson.

 INVESTMENT ADVISOR MAGAZINE202) 370-4810; 1301 Connecticut Avenue NW., 
Suite 300, Washington, DC 20036: Melanie Waddell Diab.

 INVESTMENTNEWS--(202) 991-0230; 601 13th Street NW., Suite 900 South, 
Washington, DC 20005: Mary Beth Franklin Volpe, Mark Schoeff Jr.

 KIPLINGER WASHINGTON EDITORS--(202) 887-6400; 1100 13th Street NW., Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20005: Martha Craver, Nicole Duran, Matthew Housiaux, 
Sean Lengell, John Miley, James Patterson, David Payne, Glenn Somerville, 
Joy Taylor.

 LAW360--(646) 783-7100; 1150 18th Street NW., Suite 600, Washington, DC 
20036: Khorri Atkinson, Matthew Bernardini, Maria Bonaquist, Christopher 
Cole, Stephen Cooper, Anne Cullen, Nadia Dreid, Britain Eakin, Kelcee 
Griffis, James Hoover, Bryan Koenig, Andrew Kragie, Michael Macagnone, 
William McConnell IV, Dylan Moroses, Alexander Parker, Matthew Perlman, 
Joshua Rosenberg, Andrew Strickler, David van den Berg.

 LE POINT--(202) 244-6656; 3234 McKinley Street NW., Washington, DC 20015: 
Helene Vissiere.

 MACLEAN'S--(703) 534-1283; 6316 24th Street North, Arlington, VA 22207: 
Allen Abel.

 METRO WEEKLY--(202) 638-6830; 1775 I Street NW., Suite 1150, Washington, 
DC 20006: John Riley.

 MII PUBLICATIONS--(202) 830-7985; 4920 Niagara Road, Suite 322, College 
Park, MD 20740: Ryan Hess.

 MODERN HEALTHCARE--(877) 812-1581: Michael Brady, Rachel Cohrs.

 MONTGOMERY COUNTY SENTINEL--(301) 838-0788; 22 West Jefferson Street, 
Suite 309, Rockville, MD 20850: Suzanne Pollak, Paul Schwartz, Kathleen 
Stubbs.

 MORNING CONSULT--(202) 506-1957; 729 15th Street NW., Washington, DC 
20005: Matthew Bracken, Mark Burns, Sei Hee Chong, Cameron Easley, Morgan 
Halvorsen, Yusra Murad, Joanna Piacenza, Samantha Sabin, Sarah Shevenock, 
Claire Williams, Brian Yermal Jr, Eli Yokley.

 NATION--(212) 209-5400: Zoe Carpenter.

 NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 600 New Hampshire Avenue NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Zachary Cohen, Erin Covey, Harrison Cramer, Isobel 
Ellis, Drew Gerber, Justice Gilpin-Green, Jerry Hagstrom, Joshua Kraushaar, 
Mary Frances McGowan, Mackenzie Weinger.

 NATIONAL LAW JOURNAL--(202) 457-0686; 1100 G Street NW., Suite 900, 
Washington, DC 20005: Charles Barber, Marcia DiBiagio, Ellis Kim, Ryan 
Lovelace, Anthony Mauro, Michael Scarcella, Jacqueline Thomsen.

 NATIONAL REVIEW--(212) 679-7330: Alexandra DeSanctis, John McCormack, 
Ramesh Ponnuru.

 NATURE--(202) 737-2355; 968 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Jane Lee, Richard Monastersky, Lauren Morello, Sarah Reardon.

 NEW REPUBLIC--(202) 508-4482; 1620 L Street NW., Suite 300C, Washington, 
DC 20036: Ositadinma Nwanevu.

 NEWSMAX--(202) 465-8730; 1900 K Street NW., Suite 1120, Washington, DC 
20006: John Gizzi.

 NEWSWEEK--(202) 626-2000; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Suite 1220, 
Washington, DC 20006: Jonathan Broder, Cristina Maza, Ramsey Touchberry.

 NEW YORKER--(202) 955-0960; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue NW., Suite 603, 
Washington, DC 20036: Adam Entous, Susan Glasser, Jane Mayer, Evan Osnos, 
Jeffrey Toobin, Emily Witt.

 OIL & GAS JOURNAL--(703) 533-1552; 7013 Jefferson Avenue, Falls Church, VA 
22042: Alan Kovski, Nicholas Snow.

 OPIS--(301) 284-2000; 2099 Gaither Road, 5th Floor, Rockville, MD 20850: 
Patrick Newkumet, Molly White.

 PARIS MATCH--(202) 721-9501: Olivier O'Mahony.

 PEOPLE MAGAZINE--(202) 861-4000; 1130 Connecticut Avenue NW., Suite 900, 
Washington, DC 20036: Sandra Sobieraj-Westfall.

 PHARMACEUTICAL EXECUTIVE--(301) 656-3339; 7715 Rocton Avenue, Chevy Chase, 
MD 20815: Jill Nelson.

 PLAYBOY--(310) 424-1884: Brian Karem, Alexander Thomas.

 POLITICO--(703) 647-7999; 1100 Wilson Boulevard, 6th Floor, Arlington, VA 
22209: Anthony Adragna, Timothy Alberta, Nicole Albright, James Arkin, 
Ruairi Arrieta-Kenna, Gavin Bade, Laura Barron-Lopez, Stephanie Beasley, 
Bernard Becker II, Adam Behsudi, Cory Bennett, Adriel Bettelheim, Alexandra 
Bice, Helena Bottemiller, Catherine Boudreau, John Bresnahan, Adam Cancryn, 
Megan Cassella, Kyle Cheney, Matthew Choi, Zachary Colman, Nancy Cook, 
Elizabeth Crampton, Michael Crowley, Paul Demko, Andrew Desiderio, Daniel 
Diamond, Darius Dixon, Rishika Dugyala, Toby Eckert, Brianna Ehley, Caitlin 
Emma, Eric Engleman, Burgess Everett, Brian Faler, Hugh Ferguson, Sarah 
Ferris, Natalie Fertig, Burl Forgey V, Lauren Gardner, Eric Geller, Andrew 
Glass, Angela Greiling Keane, Victoria Guida, Alexander Guillen, Brianna 
Gurciullo, Kimberly Hefling, John Hendel, Theodore Hesson III, G. Robert 
Hillman, Eliana Johnson, Sarah Karlin-Smith, Joanne Kenen, Peter King, 
Jacqueline Klimas, Michael Kruse, Ian Kullgren, Anita Kumar, Mary Lee, 
Benjamin Lefebvre, Alexandra Levine,

[[Page 1096]]

Marianne LeVine, David Lim, Cristiano Lima, Daniel Lippman, Aaron Lorenzo, 
Heather Lorenzo, Susannah Luthi, Martin Matishak, Nolan McCaskill, Ryan 
McCrimmon, Margaret McGill, Meridith McGraw, Kellie Mejdrich, Jason 
Millman, Samuel Mintz, Zachary Montellaro, Marion Mueller, Thien-Nga 
Nguyen, Timothy Noah, Connor O'Brien, Katherine O'Donnell, Eli Okun, Alice 
Ollstein, Caitlin Oprysko, Holly Otterbein, Steven Overly, Sarah Owermohle, 
Anna Palmer, Douglas Palmer, Alexander Panetta, Juan Perez Jr, Rachana 
Pradhan, Bianca Quilantan, Rebecca Rainey, Sudeep Reddy, Andrew Restuccia, 
Sabrina Rodriguez, David Rogers, Garrett Ross, Rachel Roubein, Darren 
Samuelsohn, Joseph Schatz, Elena Schneider, Jennifer Scholtes, Benjamin 
Schreckinger, Nancy Scola, Oma Seddiq, Evan Semones, Jack Shafer, Steven 
Shepard, Jacob Sherman, Ann Snider, Tanya Snyder, Timothy Starks II, 
Michael Stratford, Daniel Strauss, Darius Tahir, Kelsey Tamborrino, Patrick 
Temple-West, Nahal Toosi, Zachary Warmbrodt, Benjamin Wermund, Benjamin 
Weyl, Emma Whitford, Kathryn Wolfe, Eric Wolff, Melanie Zanona, Michael 
Zapler, Mona Zhang.

 PRESS ASSOCIATES--(312) 806-4825; 4000 Cathedral Avenue NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Mark Gruenberg.

 PROCESO--(202) 737-1538; 529 14th Street NW., Suite 1117, Washington, DC 
20045: Jesus Esquivel.

 PROFESSIONAL MARINER--(207) 772-2466: Carlo Salzano.

 PUBLIC LANDS NEWS--(703) 553-0552; 133 South Buchanan Street, Arlington, 
VA 22204: James Coffin.

 REGULATORY COMPLIANCE WATCH--(202) 908-6194; 9737 Washingtonian Boulevard, 
Suite 502, Gaithersburg, MD 20877: Carl Ayers, William Myers.

 RESEARCH INSTITUTE OF AMERICA GROUP--(202) 842-1240; 1275 K Street NW., 
Suite 875, Washington, DC 20005: Jeffrey Carlson, Soyoung Ho, Salina 
Janifer, William Lesesne.

 ROLL CALL--(202) 650-6000; 77 K Street NE, 8th Floor, Washington, DC 
20002: Stephanie Akin, John Bennett, Bridget Bowman, Caroline Burns, 
Christopher Cioffi, Griffin Connolly, Jason Dick, Lindsey Gilbert, 
Christian Hale, John Helton, Niels Lesniewski, George LeVines, Lindsey 
McPherson, Andrew Menezes, Patricia Murphy, Simone Pathe, Walter Shapiro, 
Edward Timms, Katherine Tully-McManus, Sara Wise.

 ROLLING STONE--(202) 695-2563: Andrew Kroll.

 RTO INSIDER--(202) 577-9221; 10837 Deborah Drive, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Michael Brooks, Richard Heidorn Jr.

 SATELLITE BUSINESS NEWS--(202) 785-0505; 5614 Connecticut Avenue NW., 
#300, Washington, DC 20015: Robert Scherman.

 SCUDDER PUBLISHING--(410) 923-0688; 1145 Generals Highway, Crownsville, MD 
21032: John Sodergreen.

 SIGHTLINE MEDIA GROUP--(703) 750-7400; 1919 Gallows Road, Suite 400, 
Vienna, VA 22182: Joshua Axelrod, Jessica Bur, Andrew Eversden, Joseph 
Gould, Valerie Insinna, Karen Jowers, Jennifer Judson, Natalie Kohnert-
Gross, Stephen Losey, Aaron Mehta, Meghann Myers, Mark Pomerleau, Kyle 
Rempfer, Leo Shane III, Todd South, Nathaniel Strout.

 SINA NEWS--(347) 659-9327; 1415 North Oak Street, Arlington, VA 22209: 
Chia Chieh Tang.

 SLATE--(202) 261-2066; 1350 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 400, Washington, DC 
20036: Christina Cauterucci, Dahlia Hannah Lithwick, Aaron Mak, James 
Newell, Jeremy Stahl.

 SPACE NEWS--(571) 356-9532; 1414 Prince Street, Suite 300, Alexandria, VA 
22314: Sandra Erwin, Jeffrey Foust.

 SUNDAY TIMES--(917) 547-5348: Joshua Glancy.

 SYNOPSIS--(307) 728-4988; 20312 Aspenwood Lane, Montgomery Village, MD 
20886: William Gray, Ellen Milhiser.

 TALKING POINTS MEMO--(202) 758-3048; 1615 L Street NW., Suite 310, 
Washington, DC 20036: Caitlin MacNeal, Tierney Sneed.

 TASK & PURPOSE--(831) 428-6204; 218 9th Street NE, Apartment 1, 
Washington, DC 20002: James Clark.

 TAX NOTES--(703) 533-4400; 400 South Maple Avenue, Suite 400, Falls 
Church, VA 22046: David Antonides, Jennifer Carr, Jad Chamseddine, 
Stephanie Cumings, Jonathan Curry, Aaron Davis, Joseph DiSciullo, Brett 
Ferguson, Emily Foster, Asha Glover, Amy Hamilton, William Hoffman III, 
Thomas Jaworski, Paige Jones, Lauren Loricchio, Jennifer McLoughlin, Andrea 
Muse, Kristen Parillo, Nathan Richman, Scott Sheets, Teri Sprackland, 
Frederick Stokeld, Andrew Velarde.

 TELECOMMUNICATIONS REPORTS--(202) 842-8923; 1015 15th Street NW., 10th 
Floor, Washington, DC 20005: Paul Kirby, Lynn Stanton.

 THOMPSON INFORMATION SERVICES--800-677-3789; 1560 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 
825, Arlington, VA 22209: Jerry Ashworth, Mark Reishus, Jeffrey Schomisch, 
Dennis Tosh.

 TIME MAGAZINE--(202) 861-4000; 1130 Connecticut Avenue NW., Suite 900, 
Washington, DC 20036: Alana Abramson, Melissa August, Emily Ball, Brian 
Bennett, Tessa Berenson, Vera Bergengruen Sapelli, Massimo Calabresi, 
Philip Elliott III, Abigail Vesoulis, Lissandra Villa Huerta, Justin 
Worland.

 TOWNHALL--(703) 294-6046; 1901 North Moore Street, Suite 701, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Cortney O'Brien, Catherine Pavlich, Julio Rosas, Matthew Vespa.

[[Page 1097]]

 TRICE EDNEY NEWSWIRE--(202) 291-9310; 6817 Georgia Avenue NW., Suite 218, 
Washington, DC 20012: Hazel Edney.

 USA JOURNAL--(202) 714-7330; P.O. Box 714, Washington, DC 20044: Kum Pak.

 U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2000; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street 
NW., 4th Floor, Washington, DC 20007: Lylah Alphonse, Michael Brooks, 
Lauren Camera, David Catanese, Sara Clarke, Michael Fingerhuth, Maria 
Galvin, Lisa Hagen, Claire Hansen, Casey Leins, Susan Milligan, Alan 
Neuhauser, Katelyn Newman, Paul Shinkman, Kenneth Walsh.

 VOX MEDIA--(202) 591-1170; 1201 Connecticut Avenue NW., Suite 1100, 
Washington, DC 20036: Amena Al-Sadi, Zachary Beauchamp, Jane Coaston, Tara 
Golshan, Noam Hassenfeld, Umair Irfan, Sarah Kliff, Dara Lind, Laura 
McGann, Ian Millhiser, Nicole Narea, Ella Nilsen, Andrew Prokop, Dylan 
Scott, Kay Steiger, Alexander Ward, Li Zhou.

 WASHINGTON BLADE--(202) 747-2077; 1712 14th Street NW., Washington, DC 
20009: Louis Chibbaro Jr, Christopher Johnson, Michael Lavers.

 WASHINGTON CITY PAPER--(202) 650-6939; 734 15th Street NW., Suite 400, 
Washington, DC 20005: Matthew Cohen, Caroline Jones, Stephanie Rudig.

 WASHINGTONIAN--(202) 296-3600; 1828 L Street NW., Suite 200, Washington, 
DC 20036: Michael Schaffer, Brittany Shepherd, Benjamin Wofford.

 WASHINGTON INFORMER--(202) 561-4100; 3117 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue 
SE., Washington, DC 20032: Denise Barnes, Hamil Harris, Shevry Lassiter, 
James Wright Jr.

 WASHINGTON TRADE DAILY--(301) 946-0817; P.O. Box 1802, Wheaton, MD 20915: 
Mary Berger.

 WASHINGTON WATCH--(301) 263-9023; 5923 Onondaga Road, Bethesda, MD 20816: 
Kazutami Yamazaki.

 WHITAKER & COMPANY, PUBLISHERS, INC.--(240) 583-0280; P.O. Box 224, 
Spencerville, MD 20868: Joel Whitaker.

 WIRTSCHAFTSWOCHE--(202) 509-4651: Philipp Heissler.

 WORLD MAGAZINE--(202) 744-8987: Anne Custer, Harvest Prude.
 

[[Page 1098]]




