

Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020. - 


Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020.
[Pages 767-769]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                           DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY

                         James Forrestal Building

            1000 Independence Avenue, SW., Washington, DC 20585

                 phone (202) 586-5000, https://energy.gov

     DAN BROUILLETTE, Secretary of Energy; born on August 18, 1962, in 
Paincourtville, LA; education: B.A., University of Maryland. Secretary 
Brouillette has three decades of experience in both the public and 
private sector. Most recently he was the Deputy Secretary of Energy.
     He also served as the Senior Vice President and head of public 
policy for USAA, the Nation's leading provider of financial services to 
the military community. Before joining USAA, Secretary Brouillette was a 
Vice President of Ford Motor Company, where he led the automaker's 
domestic policy teams and served on its North American Operating 
Committee.
     At Ford and USAA, he was part of senior management teams that 
helped bring to market innovative technologies like auto collision 
avoidance and remote deposit capture, a technology invented by USAA that 
allows the use of smart devices to deposit funds into our banking 
accounts.
     Before his transition into the private sector, Secretary 
Brouillette held numerous positions in government. He was Chief of Staff 
to the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
which has broad jurisdictional and oversight authority over five 
Cabinet-level Federal agencies. He also served as Assistant Secretary of 
Energy for Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs from 2001 to 
2003. In addition, he is a former state energy regulator, having served 
as a member of the Louisiana State Mineral and Energy Board from 2013 to 
2016.
     Secretary Brouillette and his wife, Adrienne, are both U.S. Army 
veterans and have been married for 28 years. They hail from San Antonio, 
TX, and have nine children.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

 Secretary of Energy.--Dan Brouillette (202) 586-5000.
     Deputy Secretary.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff.--James Colgary, 586-5500.
     Inspector General.--Teri Donaldson, 586-0034.
     Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental 
        Affairs.--Melissa Burnison, 586-5450.
     Assistant Secretary for International Affairs.--Theodore Garrish, 
        586-1145.
     General Counsel.--William Cooper, 586-5281.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Randall Hendrickson (acting), 586-4171.
     Chief Human Capital Officer.--Steven Erhart, 586-2666.
     Chief Information Officer.--Rocky Campione, 586-0166.
     Director, Office of:
          Economic Impact and Diversity.--James Campos, 586-8383.
          Enterprise Assessments.--Nathan Martin, 586-4360.
          Hearings and Appeals.--Poli Marmolejos, 287-1566.
          Intelligence and Counterintelligence.--Steve Black, 586-1352.
          Management.--Ingrid Kolb, 586-2550.
          Public Affairs.--Dirk Vande Beek, 586-1760.
          Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.--Charles Smith, 
            586-9259.
     Administrator for Energy Information Administration.--Linda 
        Capuano, 586-4361.
     Director, Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy.--Lane 
        Genatowski, 586-8321.

                         UNDER SECRETARY OF ENERGY

 Under Secretary of Energy.--Mark Menezes.

[[Page 768]]

     Assistant Secretary for--
          Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response.--
            Vacant (202) 287-1849.
          Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability.--Bruce Walker, 
            586-1411.
          Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.--Daniel Simmons, 586-
            9220.
          Fossil Energy.--Steven Winberg, 586-6660.
          Nuclear Energy.--Rita Baranwal, 586-6630.
     Director, Office of:
          Indian Energy Policy and Programs.--Kevin Frost, 287-6566.
          Policy.--Cathleen Tripodi, 586-5050.
          Project Management Oversight and Assessments.--Paul Bosco, 
            586-3524.
     Associate Under Secretary for Environment, Health, Safety and 
        Security.--Matthew Moury, 586-1285.
     Executive Director of the Loan Programs Office.--Dong Kim, 586-
        7707.

                        UNDER SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE

 Under Secretary for Science.--Paul M. Dabbar (202) 586-0505.
     Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management.--Vacant.
     Director, Office of:
          Artificial Intelligence and Technology.--Dimitri Kusnezov 
            (acting), 586-1800.
          Legacy Management.--Carmelo Melendez, 586-4882.
          Science.--Christopher Fall, 287-5102.
          Technology Transitions.--Connor Prochaska, 586-2000.

                 NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 Administrator for National Nuclear Security Administration / Under 
    Secretary for Nuclear 
    Security.--Lisa E. Gordon-Hagerty (202) 586-5555.
     Principal Deputy Administrator.--William Bookless, 586-5555.
     Deputy Administrator for--
          Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation.--Dr. Brent Park, 586-0645.
          Defense Programs.--Charles Verdon, 586-1877.
          Naval Reactors.--ADM James Caldwell, USN, 781-6174.
     Deputy Under Secretary for Counterterrorism.--Jay A. Tilden, 586-
        1734.
     Associate Administrator for--
          Acquisition and Project Management.--Robert Raines, 586-5627.
          Defense Nuclear Security.--Jeffrey Johnson, 586-8900.
          Emergency Operations.--Charles Hopkins, 586-9892.
          External Affairs.--Nora Khalil, 586-8343.
          Information Management.--Wayne Jones, 586-9728.
          Management and Budget.--Frank Lowery, 586-0101.
          Office of the General Counsel.--Bruce Diamond, 586-6946.
          Safety, Infrastructure, and Operations.--James J. McConnell, 
            586-4379.

                        MAJOR FIELD ORGANIZATIONS

                                      

                            OPERATIONS OFFICES

 Managers:

     Golden Field Office (EERE).--Derek Passarelli (720) 356-1742.
     Richland (EM).--Brian Vance (509) 302-3228.
     Office of River Protection (ORP).--Brian Vance (509) 302-3228.
     Savannah River (EM).--Michael Budney (803) 952-7243.
     Carlsbad Field Office (EM).--Kirk Lachman (575) 234-7303.
     Los Alamos (EM).--Douglas Hintze (505) 257-7920.
     Oak Ridge Office (EM).--John Mullis (865) 241-3706.
     Portsmouth and Paducah Project Office (EM).--Robert Edwards (859) 
        219-4002.
     Idaho (NE).--Robert Boston (208) 526-7300.
     Ames Office (SC).--Samuel Bigger (515) 294-8037.
     Argonne Office (SC).--Joanna Livengood (630) 252-2366.
     Fermi (SC).--Michael Weis (630) 840-3281.
     Bay Area (SC).--Paul Golan (650) 926-3208.
     Princeton (SC).--Peter Johnson (609) 243-3706.

[[Page 769]]

     Pacific Northwest (SC).--Roger Snyder (509) 372-4005.
     Thomas Jefferson (SC).--Joseph Arango (757) 269-5094.
     Brookhaven (SC).--Robert Gordon (631) 344-3346.
     Oak Ridge National Laboratory Site Office (SC).--Johnny Moore (865) 
        576-3536.
     Naval Reactors Laboratory (NNSA).--Matthew Brott (412) 476-7251.
     Sandia (NNSA).--Jeffrey Harrell (505) 845-6036.
     Kansas City (NNSA).--Mark Holecek (816) 488-3920.
     Los Alamos (NNSA).--Gabriel Pugh (acting) (505) 665-7124.
     Nevada (NNSA).--Steven Lawrence (702) 295-3211.
     Livermore (NNSA).--Peter Rodrik (925) 423-4339.
     Savannah River (NNSA).--Nicole Nelson-Jean (803) 208-3689.

                  INTEGRATED SUPPORT / BUSINESS CENTERS

 Managers:

     EM Consolidated Business Center.--John Zimmerman (513) 246-1050.
     NNSA Production Office.--Geoffrey Beausoleil (505) 845-4392.
     SC Consolidated Service Center.--Kenneth Tarcza (865) 576-4444.

                     POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS

 Administrator, Power Marketing Administration:
     Bonneville.--Elliott Mainzer (503) 230-4175.
     Southeastern Area.--Kenneth Legg (706) 213-3800.
     Southwestern Area.--Michael Wech (417) 891-2626.
     Western Area.--Mark Gabriel (720) 962-7705.

                  NATIONAL ENERGY TECHNOLOGY LABORATORY

 Director, National Energy Technology Laboratory.--Brian Anderson (304) 
    285-2043.

                STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE PROJECT OFFICE

 Project Manager.--Paul Oosterling (504) 734-4339.

                   FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

                888 First Street, NE., Washington, DC 20426

 Chair.--Neil Chatterjee (202) 502-8000.
     Commissioners: James Danly, 502-6477; Richard Glick, 502-6530; 
        Bernard McNamee, 502-8510.
     Chief Administrative Law Judge.--Carmen A. Cintron, 502-8500.
     Executive Director.--Anton C. Porter, 502-8300.
     General Counsel.--David L. Morenoff, 502-6000.
     Secretary, Office of the Secretary.--Kimberly Bose, 502-8400.
     Director, Office of:
         Administrative Litigation.--John Kroeger, 502-6100.
         Electric Reliability.--Andrew Dodge, 502-8600.
         Energy Infrastructure Security.--Joseph McClelland, 502-8867.
         Energy Market Regulation.--Anna V. Cochrane, 502-6700.
         Energy Policy and Innovation.--Jignasa Gadani, 502-8850.
         Energy Projects.--Terry Turpin, 502-8700.
         Enforcement.--Larry R. Parkinson, 502-8100.
         External Affairs.--Leonard Tao, 502-8004.

[[Page 770]]


