

Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020. - 


Congressional Directory for the 116th Congress (2019-2020), July 2020.
[Pages 467-472]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE HOUSE

                           OFFICE OF THE SPEAKER

              H-232 The Capitol, phone 225-0600, fax 225-4188

                            https://speaker.gov

 Office of the Speaker.--Hon. Nancy Pelosi.
     Chief of Staff.--Terri McCullough.
     Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Diane Dewhirst, Drew Hammill, George 
        Kundanis.
     Director of Operations.--Emily Berret.
     Special Assistant to the Speaker.--Alisa La.
     Special Assistant to the Executive Office.--Steph Wong.
     Director of Scheduling and Advance.--Kelsey Smith.
     Deputy Director of Scheduling and Advance.--Nathaniel Holmes.
     Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Savanna Polzin.
     Scheduling and Advance Coordinator.--Shane Smith.
     Policy Director.--Dick Meltzer.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Michael Tecklenburg, Kenneth DeGraff, 
        Katherine Monge, Wyndee Parker, Wendell Primus, Jaime Lizarraga, 
        Patricia Ross.
     Senior Communications and Policy Advisor.--Margaret Capron.
     Policy Associate.--Sarah Swig.
     Director of Member Services.-- Michael Long.
     Member Services Staff Assistant.--Samuel Iacobellis.
     Director of Interparliamentary Affairs.--Kate Knudson.
     Deputy Director of Protocol and Special Events.--Kristina Jeter.
     Protocol Associate.--Claudia Marconi.
     IT Director.--Wil Haynes, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
     Deputy IT Director.--Kamilah Keita, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
     Director of Outreach.--Reva Price.
     Outreach Advisor.--Matthew Ramirez.
     Staff Assistant.--Montana Miller.

                          SPEAKER'S PRESS OFFICE

                    H-2132 The Capitol, phone 226-7616

 Deputy Chief of Staff.--Drew Hammill.
     Communications Director.--Ashley Etienne.
     Deputy Communications Director.--Henry Connelly.
     Senior Advisor.--Jesse Lee.

                       OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY LEADER

              H-107 The Capitol, phone 225-3130, fax 226-0663

 Majority Leader.--Steny H. Hoyer.
     Chief of Staff.--Alexis Covey-Brandt.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Brian Romick.
     Director of Legislative Operations.--Shuwanza Goff.
     Deputy Floor Director.--Ray Salazar.
     Floor Assistant.--Deborah Rowe.
     Director of Member Services.--Courtney Fry.
     Deputy Director of Member Services and Outreach Advisor.--Claudia 
        Urrabazo.
     Communications Director.--Katie Grant.
     Deputy Communications Director.--Mariel Saez.

[[Page 468]]

     Press and Research Assistant.--Myra Valentine.
     Speechwriter.--Adam Weissmann.
     Policy Director.--Tom Mahr.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Keith Abouchar, Trent Bauserman, James 
        Leuschen, Daniel Silverberg, Rachel Snyder.
     Senior Advisor.--Julie Merz.
     Executive Assistant / Office Manager.--Jake Bayer.
     Director of Scheduling.--Bridget Brennan.
     Special Assistant.--Jacob Trauberman.
     Digital Director and Policy Advisor.--Steve Dwyer.
     Staff Assistants: Harleigh Bean, Michael Spak.

                        OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY WHIP

                     H-329 The Capitol, phone 226-3210

                         https://majoritywhip.gov

 Majority Whip.--James E. Clyburn.
     Chief of Staff.--Yelberton R. Watkins.
     Communications Director.--Hope Derrick.
     Deputy Communications Director.--Ryan Daniels.
     Digital Director.--Morgan Butler.
     Policy Director.--Wintta Woldemariam.
     Deputy Policy Director.--Matthew Ellison.
     Senior Advisors: Michael Hacker, Lindy Kelly.
     Floor Director.--Craig Link.
     Deputy Floor Directors: Nd Ubezonu, Jessica Vallejo.
     Technology Director.--Tamika Mason.

                      OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SPEAKER

              H-132 The Capitol, phone 225-2020, fax 225-5117

 Assistant Speaker of the House of Representatives.--Ben Ray Lujan.
     Chief of Staff.--Angela Ramirez.
     Communications Director.--Lauren French.
     Member Services Director.--Hans Goff.
     Senior Advisors: Ashley Jones, Carlos Sanchez.

              OFFICE OF THE SENIOR CHIEF DEPUTY MAJORITY WHIP

            2367 Rayburn House Office Building, phone 225-2111

 Senior Chief Deputy Majority Whip.--Janice D. Schakowsky.
     Legislative Director.--Syd Terry.

                      OFFICE OF THE REPUBLICAN LEADER

              H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-4000, fax 225-0781

                       https://republicanleader.gov

 Republican Leader.--Kevin McCarthy.
     Chief of Staff.--Dan Meyer.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--James Min.
     Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy.--Will Dunham.
     Deputy Chief of Staff for Member Services.--Natalie Joyce.
     Head of Communications.--Matthew Sparks.
     Digital Communications Director.--Caleb Smith.
     Director of Floor Operations.--John Leganski.
     General Counsel.--Machalagh Carr.
     Director of Operations and Scheduling.--Alexandra Gourdikian.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Emily Domenech, Steven Giaier, Katherine 
        Meyer, Brittan Specht.

[[Page 469]]

     Communications Director.--Michele Exner.
     Director of Strategic Communications and Spokesman.--Mark Bednar.
     California Press Secretary.--Brittany Martinez.
     Media Affairs Advisor.--Christina Cameron.
     Deputy Floor Director.--Christopher Bien.
     Cloakroom Floor Director.--Ryan O'Toole.
     Cloakroom Floor Assistant.--Sarah Coyle.
     Floor Assistant.--Cullen Murphy.
     Deputy Member Services Director.--Max Engling.
     Member Services Coordinator.--Allie Humes.
     Speechwriter.--Charles Correll.
     National Security Advisor.--Luke Murry.
     Policy Advisor.--Preston Hill.
     Communications Advisor.--Hanna Bogorowski.
     Digital Communications Advisor.--Keenan Hochschild.
     Communications Aide.--Zachary Houston.
     Scheduler.--Lee Bonner.
     Special Assistant to the Leader.--Jack Rosemond.
     Staff Assistants: Savannah Chaffee, Jordan Dayer.

                       OFFICE OF THE REPUBLICAN WHIP

                     H-148 The Capitol, phone 225-0197

 Republican Whip.--Steve Scalise.
     Chief of Staff.--Brett Horton.
     Chief Deputy Whip.--A. Drew Ferguson IV.
     Chief of Staff to the Chief Deputy Whip.--Bobby Saparow.
     Policy Director.--Bill Hughes.
     Member Services Director.--Bart Reising.
     Floor Director.--Ben Napier.
     Communications Director.--Lauren Fine.
     Digital Director.--Michael Comer.
     Director of Operations.--Ellen Gosnell.
     Deputy Policy Director.--Marty Reiser.
     Deputy Floor Director.--Annie Wolf.
     Counsel.--Jeff Wieand.
     Policy Advisor.--Dan Sadlosky.
     Coalitions Coordinator.--Eric Schmitz.
     Floor Assistant.--Dennis Nalls.
     Speechwriter.--Sean Satterthwaite.
     Scheduler.--Jacqueline Battaglia.
     Special Assistant.--John Clarke.
     Staff Assistants: Robyn Krieger, Chase Walker.

                            OFFICE OF THE CLERK

                     H-154 The Capitol, phone 225-7000

     CHERYL L. JOHNSON, Clerk of the House of Representatives; Cheryl L. 
Johnson was sworn in as Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives for 
the 116th Congress by Speaker Nancy Pelosi on February 25, 2019. Ms. 
Johnson is the 36th individual to serve as Clerk.
     Before becoming Clerk, Ms. Johnson worked for nearly 20 years in 
the House followed by 10 years at the Smithsonian Institution. Most 
recently, Ms. Johnson served as Director of the Smithsonian's Office of 
Government Relations. In that role, she worked with Smithsonian 
leadership and the Board of Regents to build and maintain strong 
relationships with Congress, specifically with the congressional 
committees with jurisdiction over Smithsonian programs and 
appropriations. She also developed strategic legislative objectives, 
policies, and funding opportunities for the Smithsonian.
     In her time on Capitol Hill, Ms. Johnson was the Chief Education 
and Investigative Counsel for the House Committee on Education and the 
Workforce, where she served as a principal policy advisor and 
spokesperson for the Committee. Ms. Johnson also served as Director and 
Counsel for the Committee on House Administration's Subcommittee on 
Libraries and Memorials. In this capacity, she worked with the 
Subcommittee chair to exercise oversight and legislative responsibility 
over the Library of Congress and the Smithsonian.

[[Page 470]]

     Ms. Johnson earned her bachelor's degree in journalism and mass 
communication from the University of Iowa and her law degree from Howard 
University. She is also a graduate of the senior management program at 
Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. Born in New 
Orleans, she lives with her husband and son in Chevy Chase, Maryland.

 Clerk.--Cheryl Johnson.
     Deputy Clerks: Gloria Lett, Robert F. Reeves.
     Chief of:
          Legislative Computer Systems.--Scott Kim, 2401 RHOB, 225-1182.
          Legislative Operations.--Kevin McCumber, HT-13, 225-7925.
          Legislative Resource Center.--Ronald Dale Thomas, B-81 CHOB, 
            226-5200.
          Art and Archives.--Farar Elliott, Thomas Jefferson Bldg.-
            Attic, 226-1300.
          Communications.--Catherine Cooke, 293 CHOB, 225-1908.
     House Employment Counsel.--Ann Rogers, 4300 OFOB, 225-7075.
     Official Reporter.--Damien Jackson, HT-59, The Capitol, 225-5621.

                       CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

                     HB-28 The Capitol, phone 225-5555

     PHILIP G. KIKO, Chief Administrative Officer of the House of 
Representatives, is a native of Canton, Ohio, was nominated by Speaker 
Paul Ryan, and elected to serve as the Chief Administrative Officer 
effective August 1, 2016. As CAO, Mr. Kiko is responsible for the 
information technology, financial, logistical, human resources, and 
procurement services provided to Members of the U.S. House and their 
staff. Mr. Kiko began his service on Capitol Hill with Representative 
Jim Sensenbrenner (WI-5) as Legislative Director and later served as his 
Chief of Staff. Mr. Kiko has also worked in the Executive Branch at the 
Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights and at the Department 
of Interior's Office of Legislative Affairs, Office of Budget and 
Program Resources Management, and Office of Hearings and Appeals. In 
1995, he returned to Capitol Hill as Associate Administrator of 
Procurement and Purchasing at the newly formed CAO. Mr. Kiko was called 
again to serve then-Chairman Jim Sensenbrenner as Deputy Staff Director 
for the House Committee on Science and then as General Counsel and Chief 
of Staff for the House Committee on the Judiciary. He has also served as 
Staff Director and General Counsel of the Committee on House 
Administration and the House Select Committee on Benghazi.
     In addition to his extensive Capitol Hill experience, Mr. Kiko 
served as ``Of Counsel'' at the Washington, DC law firm Foley & Lardner, 
LLC and Vice Chairman of the Smith-Free Group. He is a graduate of Mount 
Union College in Alliance, Ohio and George Mason University School of 
Law. Mr. Kiko is a Member of the D.C. Bar, the Virginia State Bar, and 
the United States Court of Appeals for both the Federal Circuit and the 
D.C. circuit.

 Chief Administrative Officer.--Philip Kiko.
     Deputy Chief Administrative Officer.--John Clocker, HB-28, The 
        Capitol.
     Chief of Staff.--Anne Binsted, HB-28, The Capitol.
     Chief Customer Officer.--Richard Cappetto, B-227, OHOB.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Leonard Puzzuoli, 3140, OHOB.
     Chief Human Resources Officer.--John Salamone, H2-102, FHOB.
     Chief Information Officer.--Catherine Szpindor, H2-631, FHOB.
     Chief Logistics Officer.--Tom Coyne, WA-34, RHOB.
     Chief Procurement Officer.--Lisa Grant, 5110, OHOB.
     Chief Risk Officer.--Susan Simpson, H2-217, FHOB.
     Administrative Counsel.--Christopher Brewster, H2-217, FHOB.

                                 CHAPLAIN

              HB-25 The Capitol, phone 225-2509, fax 226-4928

     PATRICK J. CONROY, S.J., Chaplain, House of Representatives, 
residence, Portland, OR; a Jesuit of the Oregon Province of the Society 
of Jesus, graduated from Claremont McKenna College in CA in 1972, 
attended Gonzaga University Law School for one year before entering the 
Jesuit Order in 1973. Earned an M.A. in philosophy from Gonzaga 
University, a J.D. from St. Louis University, an M.Div. from the Jesuit 
School of Theology at Berkeley (CA), and an STM from Regis College of 
the University of Toronto in missiology. Practiced law for the Colville 
Confederated Tribes in Omak, WA, and the U.S. Conference of Catholic

[[Page 471]]

Bishops, representing Salvadoran refugees in San Francisco. Ordained a 
priest in 1983. From 1984 to 1989, pastored four villages on the 
Colville and Spokane Indian Reservations. Worked for the national Jesuit 
Office of Social Ministries in Washington, DC, then began a career of 
university chaplaincy at Georgetown University and Seattle University. 
In 2003 transferred to Jesuit High School in Portland, OR, to teach 
freshman theology and coach the mighty JV II girls' softball team. Also 
served as the Oregon Province's Provincial Assistant for Formation and 
as superior of the Jesuit community at Jesuit High School in Portland. 
Sworn in as 60th House Chaplain on May 25, 2011.

 Chaplain of the House.--Patrick J. Conroy, S.J.
     Assistant to the Chaplain / Liaison to Staff.--Karen Bronson.

                        OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

             H2-386 Ford House Office Building, phone 226-1250

 Inspector General.--Michael T. Ptasienski.
     Deputy Inspector General.--Joseph C. Picolla.
     Director of Support Services.--R. Terry Upshur.
     Assistant Director, Technology and Quality Assurance.--Steven 
        Johnson.
     Assistant Director, Finance and Administration.--Susan Kozubski.
     Administrative Assistant.--Deborah E. Jones.
     Director, Performance and Financial Audits, and Investigative 
        Services.--Larry R. Price, Jr.
     Assistant Director, Performance Audits and Investigative 
        Services.--Julie Poole.
     Assistant Director, Performance and Financial Audits.--Vacant.
     Auditors: Kevin Cornell, Nicole Loutsenhizer, Tamara Solomon, 
        Rosario Torres.
     Director, Information Systems Audits.--Saad Patel.
     Assistant Directors, Information Systems Audits: Michael Howard, 
        Clifton Persaud.
     Auditors: Emmanuel Akowuah, Peter Lee, Kimberly McClellan.
     Director, Management and Advisory Services.--Christen Stevenson.
     Assistant Directors: Keith Sullenberger, Donna Wolfgang.
     Management Analyst.--David DeMarco.

                    OFFICE OF THE LAW REVISION COUNSEL

    H2-308 Ford House Office Building, 20515-6711, phone 226-2411, fax 
                                225-0010

 Law Revision Counsel.--Ralph V. Seep.
     Deputy Counsel.--Robert M. Sukol.
     Senior Counsels: Brian Lindsey, Kenneth I. Paretzky, John F. 
        Wagner, Jr.
     Assistant Counsels: Michelle Evans, Katrina M. Hall, Katherine L. 
        Lane, Deborah Letz, Edward T. Mulligan, Michele K. Skarvelis, 
        Lindsey Skouras.
     Staff Assistants: Sylvia Tahirkheli, Monica Thompson.
     Printing Editor.--Vacant.
     GPO Detailee.--Andrea Sabaliauskas.
     Senior Systems Engineer.--Eric Loach.
     Systems Engineer.--Kenneth Thomas.

                     OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

             H2-337 Ford House Office Building, phone 225-6060

 Legislative Counsel.--Ernest Wade Ballou, Jr.
     Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Noah L. Wofsy.
     Senior Counsel: Warren Burke, Paul Callen, Henry Christrup, Lisa 
        Daly, Mathew Eckstein, Susan Fleishman, James Grossman, Jean 
        Harmann, Hadley Ross, Jessica Shapiro, Mark Synnes, Robert 
        Weinhagen, Brady Young.
     Counsel: Karen Anderson, Marshall Barksdale, Hallet Brazelton, 
        Thomas Cassidy, Megan Chasnoff, Brendan Gallagher, Justin Gross, 
        Alison Hartwich, Fiona Heckscher, Kakuti Lin, Molly Lothamer, 
        Christopher Osborne, Scott Probst, Anthony Sciascia, Anna Shpak, 
        Veena Srinivasa, Kathryn Swiss, Michelle Vanek, Sally Walker.
     Assistant Counsel: Michael Ambinder, Thomas Anderson, Eric 
        Bernstein, Lisa Castillo, Robert Casturo, Kenneth Cox, Casey 
        Ebner, Brenna Gautam, Allison Gilley, Stephen Hagenbuch, Karl 
        Hagnauer, Megan Hawkins, Ebony Holder, Paul Kubicki, Amanda

[[Page 472]]

        Molina, Keith Nemeth, Kalyani Parthasarathy, Sarah Rens, 
        Donalene Roberts, Adam Schilt, Brandon Senger, Adrienne Thomas.
     Office Administrator.--Nancy McNeillie.
     Assistant Office Administrator.--Debra Birch.
     Human Resources Administrator.--Thomas Dillon.
     Director, Information Systems.--Willie Blount.
     Senior Systems Analyst.--Peter Szwec.
     Assistant Systems Administrator.--David Topper.
     Publications Coordinator.--Craig Sterkx.
     Legislative Research Analyst.--Alex Swindle.
     Office Managerial Assistant.--Ashley Anderson.
     Staff Assistants / Paralegals: Lauren Anderson, Elonda Blount, 
        Mairead Crotty, Kevin Hauff, Kelly Meryweather, Tom Meryweather.
     Staff Assistants: Joseph Birch, Rachel Davis, Monique Ducksworth, 
        Miekl Joyner, Matthew Loggie, Angelina Plater.

                      OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

                     H-124 The Capitol, phone 225-2456

     PAUL D. IRVING, was sworn in as the 36th Sergeant at Arms of the 
U.S. House of Representatives on January 17, 2012, during the 2nd 
session of the 112th Congress. Prior to serving as Sergeant at Arms, Mr. 
Irving was an Assistant Director of the U.S. Secret Service from 2001 to 
2008. Paul Irving was born August 21, 1957, in Tampa, Florida. He 
received a Bachelor of Science degree in Justice from American 
University in Washington, DC, and a Juris Doctorate from Whittier Law 
School in Los Angeles, California. He began his law enforcement career 
in 1980 as a clerk for the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Los 
Angeles, California; was appointed a Special Agent at the Secret 
Service's Los Angeles Field Office; was transferred to Washington, DC, 
where he served as the head legal instructor for constitutional law, 
statutory authority, and criminal procedure at the Secret Service 
Training Academy; and was assigned to the Presidential Protective 
Division at the White House during the administrations of George H.W. 
Bush and William Jefferson Clinton, where he rose to a supervisory 
position. Subsequent to his White House duty, Mr. Irving served as 
Deputy Assistant Director for Congressional Affairs, Assistant Director 
for Government and Public Affairs, Assistant Director for Homeland 
Security, and Assistant Director for Administration.
     Mr. Irving is the recipient of numerous awards and commendations 
during his distinguished law enforcement career, among them the Senior 
Executive Service Presidential Rank Award for Meritorious Service, and 
the Presidential Rank Award for Distinguished Service in the Senior 
Executive Service; he has been a member of the California State Bar 
since 1982, the U.S. District Court for the Central District of 
California, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, the 
District of Columbia Bar, and the Supreme Court Bar; Irving resides in 
Washington, DC.

 Sergeant at Arms.--Paul D. Irving.
     Deputy Sergeant at Arms.--Tim Blodgett.
     Chief of Staff.--Kelle Strickland.
     Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Administration.--Kathleen Joyce.
     Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Protocol and Chamber Operations.--Ted 
        Daniel.
     Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Floor Security: Joyce Hamlett, 
        Rick Villa.
     Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Emergency Management.--Erik Speranza.
     Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Police Services.--Robert 
        Fitzpatrick.
     Chief Operating Officer.--Bob Dohr.
     Chief Information Officer.--Jim Kaelin.
     Counsel.--Bob Sensenbrenner.
     Directors:
          Division of Garage and Parking Security.--Jim Abbott.
          Division of House Security.--William McFarland.
          Division of Identification Services.--LaShon Bethea.
          Protocol & Special Events.--Catherine Huddleston.
     Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms:
          Appointments Desk.--Teresa Johnson.
          Chamber Security.--Jack Looney.
          Chamber Support Services.--Andrew Burns.
          Assistants: LaKeisha Commodore, Lorraine Foreman, Carmelitta 
            Riley, Ruby Tavernier.


