

Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), November 2003. - 


Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), November 2003.
[Pages 1019-1035]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--Robert M. Zatkowski.
Assistant Directors: Laura Eckart, Robert L. Stallings.

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Director.--Edward V. Pesce.
Assistant Directors: Kristyn N. Kline, Justin Wilson.

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Lorraine Woellert, Business 
                                                Week, Chairman
                                            Heidi Glenn, Tax Notes, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Richard E. Cohen, National 
                                                Journal
                                            Tim Curran, Roll Call
                                            Douglas Waller, Time 
                                                Magazine
                                            Terence Samuel, U.S. News & 
                                                World Report
                                            Katherine M. Stimmel, BNA 
                                                News

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does not engage, directly or indirectly, in any 
lobbying or other activity intended to influence any matter before 
Congress or before any independent agency or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive branch. House organs are not eligible.

[[Page 1020]]

    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1021]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

Abramson, Julie: Insight Magazine

Ackerman, Spencer: New Republic

Ackley, Kate: American Lawyer Media

Acord, David: Food Chemical News

Adams, Christopher J.: BNA News

Adde, Nicholas L.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Adelsberger, Bernard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ahearn, David M.: King Publishing Group

Aiken, Deborah: Tax Notes

Aker, Janet A.: FDC Reports

Albiniak, Paige: Broadcasting & Cable

Albright, Stephen: CD Publications

Alexander, Lisa Michele: Tax Notes

Alexis, Alexei: BNA News

Alford, Carrie Ann: CD Publications

Allen, Jodie T.: U. S. News & World Report

Allen, LaQuesha: Tax Notes

Allizon, Marie B.: Internewsletter

Almeras, Jon S.: Tax Notes

Aluise, Beth: National News Syndicate

Aluise, Susan J.: National News Syndicate

Alvey, Jennifer: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Amber, Michelle: BNA News

Ament, Lucy: Food Chemical News

Amolsch, Arthur L.: FTC Watch

Analore, Andrew: Inside Mortgage Finance

Anand, Vineeta: Crain Communications

Anft, Michael: Chronicle of Higher Education

Anselmo, Joseph: Washington Techway

Anthes, Gary H.: IDG Communications

Antonides, David S.: Tax Notes

Aplin, Donald G.: BNA News

Archer, Jeffrey Robert: Education Week

Armbrister, Trevor: Reader's Digest

Armes, Leroy: BNA News

Arnold, Andrew: Business Publishers

Arnone, Michael: Chronicle of Higher Education

Arnoult, Sandra: Penton Media Inc.

Arora, Vasantha: News India Times

Ashton, Jerome C.: BNA News

Ashworth, Jerry: Thompson Publishing Group

Asker, James R.: Aviation Week

Assam, Cecelia M.: BNA News

Atkins, Pamela: BNA News

Atkinson, Peter: Army Times Publishing Co.

Atwood, John F.: Washington Service Bureau

August, Lissa: Time Inc.

Aukofer, Matthew: Business Publishers

Ayayo, Herman P.: Tax Notes

Aycock, Elizabeth Wheatly: American Lawyer Media

Ayers, Carl Albert: UCG

Ayoub, Nina Cary: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bacheldor, Beth: CMP Media Inc.

Bacon, Lance M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Bacon, Jr., Perry: Time Inc.

Baghdadi, Ramsey: FDC Reports

Bailey, Laura: Army Times Publishing Co.

Ballard, Tanya N.: Government Executive

Bancroft, John: Inside Mortgage Finance

Barak, Sarah: Thompson Publishing Group

Barber, Jeffrey: McGraw-Hill

Barbieri, Richard: American Lawyer Media

Barnes, Fred: Weekly Standard

Barnes, James A.: National Journal

Barnes, Julian: U. S. News & World Report

Barnett, Megan L.: U. S. News & World Report

Barone, Michael: U. S. News & World Report

Barrett, Brendan: Washington Techway

Barry, John A.: Newsweek

Bartlett, Thomas: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bartscht, Jill F.: National Journal

Basinger, Julianne: Chronicle of Higher Education

Batzler, Lloyd: Government Computer News

Baumann, David: National Journal

Beaman, William P.: Reader's Digest

Beatty-Brown, Marantha: Federal Publications

Beaven, Lara W.: Inside Washington Publishers

Beck, Robert E.: Federal Employees News Digest

Becker, Loren: BNA News

Beckley, Elizabeth: Crain Communications

Bedard, Paul: U. S. News & World Report

Beers, Allison: Food Chemical News

Beinart, Peter: New Republic

Bell, John C.: Tax Notes

Bell, Kevin A.: Tax Notes

Belton, Beth: Business Week

Bender, Lisa: Tax Notes

Bennett, Alison: BNA News

Bennett, Heather: Tax Notes

Bennett, John T.: Inside Washington Publishers

Bennett, Lorraine: Inside Washington Publishers

Bennett, Ralph: Reader's Digest

Benton, Nicholas F.: Falls Church News Press

Berger, James R.: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mary: Washington Trade Daily

Berger, Mitchell: Thompson Publishing Group

Bergin, Christopher: Tax Notes

Berkowitz, Debra: Research Institute of America Group

Berkowitz, Lois: Title I Report

Berlau, John: Insight Magazine

[[Page 1022]]

Berman, Dan: Environment & Energy Publishing

Bernstein, Aaron: Business Week

Bernstein, Amy L.: CD Publications

Bernstein, Daniel: Institutional Investor

Bernstein, Jeremy: Inside Washington Publishers

Besser, James David: New York Jewish Week

Best, Frank M.: U. S. Medicine

Beswick, Ellen: Natural Gas Intelligence

Betts, Mitch: IDG Communications

Bhambhani, Dipka: Government Computer News

Bier-Myers, Jennifer: American Lawyer Media

Bigman-Galimore, Cabral: FDC Reports

Billings, Deborah: BNA News

Billings, Erin: Roll Call

Billitteri, Thomas J.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bilodeau, Otis: American Lawyer Media

Binney, Erin: Washington Service Bureau

Birnbaum, Jeffrey H.: Time Inc.

Bivens, Matt: Nation

Black, Chris: Roll Call

Blair, Bridgette: Army Times Publishing Co.

Blair, Julie R.: Education Week

Blalock, Cecelia: Periodicals News Service

Blanchard, Tericke: FDC Reports

Blank, Peter L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Block, Jonathan M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Blum, Debra: Chronicle of Higher Education

Blum, Vanessa: American Lawyer Media

Blumenstyk, Goldie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Boahene, Adwoa K.: FDC Reports

Bobbitt, Alla Rutstein: FDC Reports

Bockhorn, Lee: Weekly Standard

Bodnar, Janet: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Bolen, Cheryl: BNA News

Boles, Margaret: Telecommunications Reports

Bolton, Alexander: The Hill

Bond, David: Aviation Week

Bond, Jeremy: Business Publishers

Booker, Simeon S.: Jet/Ebony

Borcherson-Keto, Sarah A.: CCH Inc.

Borger, Gloria: U. S. News & World Report

Boris, Joseph P.: Inside Washington Publishers

Borja, Rhea: Education Week

Borrego, Anne Marie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Borrus, Amy: Business Week

Bottorff, David: BNA News

Bowen, Michael: Radio & Records

Bowman, Darcia Harris: Education Week

Boyce, Clayton W.: Traffic World

Boye, Will: Institutional Investor

Boyles, William Robert: Health Market Survey

Bracken, Leonard: BNA News

Brady, Matthew T.: American Banker Newsletters

Brager, Mark E.: FDC Reports

Bramnick, Andrew: Federal Publications

Brand, Peter: The Hill

Brandolph, David Barry: BNA News

Brandon, George E.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Brandon, Priscilla T.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Brant, Martha: Newsweek

Braun, Kevin D.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Bray, Sarah: Chronicle of Higher Education

Breen, Tim: Environment & Energy Publishing

Bresnahan, John: Roll Call

Brevetti, Rossella: BNA News

Brinkley, Curtis Mark: Army Times Publishing Co.

Brion, Theresa Markley: Research Institute of America Group

Bristow, Melissa Star: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Britt, Angela L.: BNA News

Broderick, Brian J.: BNA News

Bronson, Richard James: BNA News

Brooks, David: Weekly Standard

Brooks, George A.: Inside Mortgage Finance

Brostoff, Steven: National Underwriter

Brown, Carrie: CD Publications

Brown, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Brown, Janet M.: Press Associates

Brown, Jill: Atlantic Information Services

Brown, Malina: Inside Washington Publishers

Brown, Patricia: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Brown, Steven G.: CD Publications

Browning, Graeme: Federal Computer Week

Bruce, R. Christian: BNA News

Brugger, Abigail Benezra: Thompson Publishing Group

Brumfiel, Geoff: Nature

Bruninga, Susan: BNA News

Brunori, David E.: Tax Notes

Bryant, Sue: BNA News

Buntin, John: Governing

Burden, Lisa D.: Thompson Publishing Group

Burger, Timothy J.: Time Inc.

Burkhart, Lori: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Burlage, John D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Burton, Douglas: Insight Magazine

Busche, Linda: UCG

Bushell, Brian Andrew: Rolling Stone

Bushweller, Kevin C.: Education Week

Buskirk, Howard: Telecommunications Reports

Butcher, Lauren: Thompson Publishing Group

Butchock, Steve: Medical Devices Report

Butler, Amy: Inside Washington Publishers

Butts, Thomas: IMAS Publishing

Byerrum, Ellen: BNA News

Byrne, James: CD Publications

Byus, Jonathan D.: Insight Magazine

Cabrera, Raul: BNA News

Cahlink, George: Government Executive

Cain, Derrick: BNA News

Calabresi, Massimo: Time Inc.

Caldwell, Christopher: Weekly Standard

Callahan, Joanne: McGraw-Hill

Cannon, Carl M.: National Journal

Cannon, Mary Angela: U. S. News & World Report

[[Page 1023]]

Cano, Craig S.: McGraw-Hill

Canonica, Rocco: Natural Gas Intelligence

Carey, John A.: Business Week

Carlile, Amy: Roll Call

Carlson, Caron: EWeek

Carlson, Jeffrey E.: CCH Inc.

Carlson, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

Carlson, Tucker: Weekly Standard

Carnahan, Ira: Forbes

Carnevale, Dan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Carney, Eliza Newlin: National Journal

Carney, James: Time Inc.

Carney, Timothy: Evans-Novak Political Report

Carpenter, Alison: Washington Service Bureau

Carpenter, Lee: National Journal

Carr, Jennifer: Tax Notes

Carroll, Catherine Anne: Education Week

Carter, Cynthia: Washington Business Information

Cartwright, Linda A.: Green Sheets

Casey, Kendra: BNA News

Cash, Catherine: McGraw-Hill

Cassidy, Jonathan: The Hill

Cassidy, William B.: Traffic World

Cassin, Ann: Title I Report

Castelli, Christopher J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Castellon, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Caterinicchia, Dan: Federal Computer Week

Caterinicchia, Matthew: Federal Computer Week

Catts, Timothy Philip: Tax Notes

Cauthen, Carey: Thompson Publishing Group

Cavallaro, Gina: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cavanagh, Sean: Education Week

Cavas, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Cecala, Guy David: Inside Mortgage Finance

Chait, Jonathan: New Republic

Chapman, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Chappell, Kevin: Jet/Ebony

Chappie, Damon: Roll Call

Check, Erika: Nature

Cherkasky, Mara: Thompson Publishing Group

Cherry, Sheila R.: Insight Magazine

Chibbaro, Jr., Louis M.: Washington Blade

Childress, Rasheeda Crayton: Business Publishers

Chineson, Joel: American Lawyer Media

Chourey, Sarita: The Hill

Chronister, Gregory M.: Education Week

Ciampoli, Paul: Natural Gas Intelligence

Cillizza, Chris: Roll Call

Clapp, Stephen: Food Chemical News

Clark, Colin: Army Times Publishing Co.

Clark, Kim: U. S. News & World Report

Clark, Ryan A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Clark, Sharon Lynn: CD Publications

Clark, Timothy B.: Government Executive

Clarke-Gomez, Irene: BNA News

Clement, Julie: Inside Mortgage Finance

Clemetson, Lynette: Newsweek

Clemmitt, Marcia: Healthcare Information

Clift, Eleanor: Newsweek

Cline, Regina P.: BNA News

Coffin, James B.: Public Lands News

Cohen, Richard E.: National Journal

Cohn, Elizabeth Schwinn: Chronicle of Higher Education

Cohn, Laura: Business Week

Colarusso, Laura: Army Times Publishing Co.

Colarusso, Laura M: Inside Washington Publishers

Coleman, Cari: Thompson Publishing Group

Coleman, Janet: FDC Reports

Colenso, Robert: Army Times Publishing Co.

Collins, Brian: National Mortgage News

Collins, Jr., Donald: Time Inc.

Collogan, David L.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Combemale, Martine: Milan Presse

Combs, Jennifer: BNA News

Compart, Andrew: Travel Weekly

Conconi, Charles N.: Washingtonian

Condon, Erin: Government Information Services

Connole, Patrick: McGraw-Hill

Conradi, Melissa: Governing

Conroy, Declan: BNA News

Cook, Barbara C.: Business Travel News

Cook, Steven: BNA News

Cook, Jr., Charles E.: Cook Political Report

Cooper, Catherine: Green Sheets

Cooper, Mary H.: CQ Researcher

Cooper, Matthew: Time Inc.

Corbett, Warren: Set-Aside Alert

Corley, Matilda Monroe: BNA News

Corn, David: Nation

Cosgrove, Anita Kelly: Capitol City Publishers

Costa, Keith J.: Inside Washington Publishers

Cottle, Michelle: New Republic

Coughlin, Brett: UCG

Couillard, Lauren: BNA News

Cowden, Richard H.: BNA News

Cox, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Coyle, Marcia: National Law Journal

Crader, Benjamin Boyce: Weekly Standard

Craig, David Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Crain, Chris: Washington Blade

Craver, Martha L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Crawley, Vince: Army Times Publishing Co.

Crea, Joseph Ross: Washington Blade

Crider, Richie: Washington Business Information

Crock, Stan: Business Week

Croft, John W.: Aviation Week

Crowley, Mary E.: CD Publications

Crowley, Michael: New Republic

Crowne, James D.: BNA News

Cruickshank, Paula L.: CCH Inc.

Curran, John: Telecommunications Reports

Curran, Timothy: Roll Call

Curry, Leonard: Washington Crime News Services

Curthoys, Kathleen: Army Times Publishing Co.

[[Page 1024]]

Curtis, Victoria: Telecommunications Reports

Cusack, Robert: The Hill

Cusick, Daniel: Environment & Energy Publishing

Cutler, Mark: BNA News

D'Agostino, Joseph A.: Human Events

Dalecki, Kenneth B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dalton, Matthew: Inside Washington Publishers

Daniels, Alex: Washington Techway

Dannheisser, Ralph: Green Sheets

Darcey, Sue: Pesticide Report

Datta, Veena: Federal Publications

Daukantas, Patricia: Government Computer News

Davidson, Daniel: Army Times Publishing Co.

Davidson, Deirdre: American Lawyer Media

Davidson, Mark: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Lira Behrens: McGraw-Hill

Davies, Stephen: Endangered Species & Wetlands Report

Davis, Brett: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Davis, Michelle R.: Education Week

Davis, Paris D.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Davis, Shannon: Inside Washington Publishers

Davis, Steve: Food Chemical News

Day, Jeff: BNA News

DeMott, Kathryn: International Medical News Group

Dealey, Sam: The Hill

Dealey, Sam J.: Weekly Standard

Dean, Joshua: Government Executive

Degen, Colin: Business Publishers

Deigh, Gloria: BNA News

Dembeck, Chet: Army Times Publishing Co.

Dembicki, Matthew: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Denton, Judith: Insight Magazine

Dervarics, Charles: Business Publishers

DiMascio, Jennifer: Inside Washington Publishers

Diamond, Phyllis: BNA News

Dickerson, John F.: Time Inc.

Dickinson, Amy: Time Inc.

Diegmueller, Karen: Education Week

Dineen, John: Green Sheets

Dinges, Tomas: Hispanic Link News Service

Dizard, Wilson: Government Computer News

Doan, Michael F.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Dobias, Matthew: UCG

Dobson, Jon: FDC Reports

Doi, Ayako: Japan Digest

Doman, Kimberlee Smith: BNA News

Domone, Dana: BNA News

Donlan, Thomas G.: Barron's

Donnelly, John M.: King Publishing Group

Donnelly, Sally: Time Inc.

Donoghue, James A.: Penton Media Inc.

Doolan, Kelley: McGraw-Hill

Dorobek, Christopher J.: Federal Computer Week

Doster, Dennis A.: Government Information Services

Dove, Andrew: FDC Reports

Downes, Bob: Travel Trade

Doyle, John M.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Doyle, Kenneth P.: BNA News

Dressel, Althea: Tax Notes

DuMond, Marge: National Journal

Duff, Susanna: Crain Communications

Duffy, Jennifer: Cook Political Report

Duffy, Michael: Time Inc.

Duffy, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Dufour, Jeff: The Hill

Duncan, Leslie A.: Green Sheets

Dunham, Nancy: UCG

Dunham, Richard S.: Business Week

Dunlap, Karin R.: CCH Inc.

Dunn, William: Research Institute of America Group

Dupont, Daniel G.: Inside Washington Publishers

Duran, Nicole: Roll Call

Durkin, Tish: National Journal

Dwyer, Paula: Business Week

Earle, Geoff: The Hill

Easterbrook, Gregg: New Republic

Eastland, Terry: Weekly Standard

Eckstein, Adam: FDC Reports

Edmondson, Thomas: BNA News

Edmonson, Robert G.: Traffic World

Edney, Hazel Trice: Afro American Newspapers

Edwards, Charles J.: Government Information Services

Edwards, Randall: Federal Computer Week

Edwards, Thomas J.: CD Publications

Ege, Konrad: Blatter

Eggerton, John S.: Broadcasting & Cable

Egna, Martin: CCH Inc.

Ehrenhalt, Alan: Governing

Eisele, Albert: The Hill

Eiserer, Elaine R.: Business Publishers

Eiserer, Leonard A. C.: Business Publishers

Eisler, Kim: Washingtonian

Elfin, Dana: BNA News

Ellis, Isobel L.: National Journal

Emery, Gail: Washington Technology

Engdahl, Elizabeth: American Lawyer Media

Epatko, Larisa: Environment & Energy Publishing

Ericksen, Charles: Hispanic Link News Service

Esquivel, J. Jesus: Proceso

Evangelauf, Jean: Chronicle of Higher Education

Evans, Jeffrey: International Medical News Group

Evans, Julie C.: FDC Reports

Evelyn, Jamilah: Chronicle of Higher Education

Ewing, Laurence Lee: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Eyman, Nicole: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fabian, Thecla: Business Publishers

Fajardo, Jacqueline: CCH Inc.

Fallows, James: Atlantic Monthly

Falvella-Garraty, Susan: Irish Echo

Farrar, Loren S.: Penton Media Inc.

Farrell, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

[[Page 1025]]

Fedak, Laura Lee: Thompson Publishing Group

Feiler, Jeremy: Inside Washington Publishers

Felsher, Murray: Washington Remote Sensing Letter

Feltman, Peter E.: CCH Inc.

Ferguson, Brett: BNA News

Ferullo, Michael: BNA News

Fetterolf, Amanda: Exchange Monitor Publications

Fickling, Amy L.: Telecommunications Reports

Field, David: Airline Business

Fineman, Howard: Newsweek

Fiorino, Frances: Aviation Week

Fischer, Craig: Pace Publications

Fishbein, Lawrence I.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Fitzpatrick, Erika: Capitol City Publishers

Fitzpatrick, James F.: BNA News

Fleet, Leslie G.: BNA News

Fleming, Christopher T.: Healthcare Information

Fletcher, Jay: Business Publishers

Flint, Perry: Penton Media Inc.

Foer, Franklin: New Republic

Fogg, E. Piper: Chronicle of Higher Education

Fonder, Melanie: The Hill

Fong, Tony: Crain Communications

Foradori, Angela: The Hill

Foster, Andrea: Chronicle of Higher Education

Foster, Brooke: Washingtonian

Foster, Lawrence D.: McGraw-Hill

Fotos, Christopher: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Foullon, Danielle: FDC Reports

Fourney, Susan: Government Executive

Fox, Kara: Washington Blade

Francis, Eileen: FDC Reports

Frank, Diane: Federal Computer Week

Franklin, Mary Beth: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Franz, Damon: Environment & Energy Publishing

Fraser, Katharine: McGraw-Hill

Frater, Elisabeth: National Journal

Freddoso, David A.: Human Events

Freedberg, Jr., Sydney J.: National Journal

Freeman, Allison: Environment & Energy Publishing

Freeman, William: Penton Media Inc.

French, Matthew: Federal Computer Week

Frick, Robert L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Frieden, Joyce: International Medical News Group

Friel, Brian: Government Executive

Frost, Brendan DuBois: CCH Inc.

Fruehling, Douglas: Roll Call

Fulghum, David: Aviation Week

Fullerton, Jane: Farm Journal

Funk, Deborah: Army Times Publishing Co.

Gable, Eryn: Environment & Energy Publishing

Gallagher, Dylan: Penton Media Inc.

Gallagher, John: Traffic World

Galley, Michelle W.: Education Week

Garcia, Rodney D.: Thompson Publishing Group

Garfield, Bob: Crain Communications

Garner, W. Lynn: Green Sheets

Garretson, Cara: IDG Communications

Gasparello, Linda Ann: King Publishing Group

Gatty, Mary Ann: Periodicals News Service

Gegax, Thomas Trent: Newsweek

Gehring, John: Education Week

Geisel, Jerome M.: Crain Communications

Geman, Benjamin: Inside Washington Publishers

Genauer, Abraham: The Hill

George, Nicole: Japan Digest

Gerber, Michael: The Hill

Gerecht, Michael: CD Publications

Gersemann, Olaf: Wirtschaftswoche

Gettlin, Robert H.: National Journal

Gewertz, Catherine: Education Week

Gewin, Virginia: Nature

Ghosh, Chandrani: Forbes

Gibb, Steven K.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gilbert, Lorraine S.: BNA News

Gilcrest, Laura: Food Chemical News

Gillies, Andrew: Forbes

Gillis, Christopher: American Shipper

Gilston, Samuel M.: Gilston Communications Group

Ginsbach, Pam D.: BNA News

Gizzi, John: Human Events

Glass, Andrew J.: The Hill

Gleckman, Howard: Business Week

Glenn, David G.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Glenn, Heidi: Tax Notes

Glenzer, Michael: Exchange Monitor Publications

Gnaedinger, Chuck: Tax Notes

Go, Annabelle: Government Information Services

Goebes, Robert L.: BNA News

Goindi, Geeta: Express India

Goldberg, Kirsten: Cancer Letter

Goldberg, Paul: Cancer Letter

Goldfarb, Bruce: Washington Business Information

Goldman, Ted: American Lawyer Media

Goldstein, Andrew Daniel: Time Inc.

Goldstein, Lisa Fine: Education Week

Goldstein, Peter: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldstein, Sid: Pace Publications

Goldwasser, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Goldwyn, Brant: BNA News

Golub, Barbra: Research Institute of America Group

Goode, Darren: Inside Washington Publishers

Goode, Stephen Ray: Insight Magazine

Goodhue, David: Inside Washington Publishers

Goodwin, Anne B.: BNA News

Goodwine, Velma: Research Institute of America Group

Gordon, Kelly J.: Thompson Publishing Group

Gordon, Meryl: Elle

Gorman, S. Siobhan: National Journal

Gose, Ben: Chronicle of Higher Education

Goulder, Robert: Tax Notes

Goyal, Raghubir: Asia Today

Grabow, Colin: Defense Focus

Grass, Michael: Roll Call

[[Page 1026]]

Green, Charles A.: National Journal

Greenberg, Kevin M.: FDC Reports

Greenblatt, Alan: Governing

Greene, Elizabeth: Chronicle of Higher Education

Greene, Jenna: American Lawyer Media

Gregg, Diana I.: BNA News

Gregorits, Angela: BNA News

Grodsky, Dawn: Inside Washington Publishers

Groner, Jonathan: American Lawyer Media

Gross, Grant: IDG News Service

Grossman, Elaine M.: Inside Washington Publishers

Gruber, Amelia: Government Executive

Gruber, Peter: Focus

Gruenberg, Mark J.: Press Associates

Grupe', Bob: Business Publishers

Gruss, Jean: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Guay, Thomas: Progressive Business Publications

Guerra, John: Billing World Magazine

Gunter, Chris: Nature

Gurdon, Hugo: The Hill

Guterman, Lila: Chronicle of Higher Education

Gutman, Roy: Newsweek

Guttman, George: Tax Notes

Hadley, Richard D.: UCG

Hafner, Lauren: FDC Reports

Hagen, Scott: Insight Magazine

Hagstrom, Jerry: National Journal

Halonen, Douglas J.: Crain Communications

Hamilton, Amy: Tax Notes

Hammond, Brian: Telecommunications Reports

Hammond, Sarah Spencer: Business Publishers

Hand, Mark: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Haney, Joe: National Journal

Haniffa, Abdul Aziz: India Abroad

Hansard, Sara: Crain Communications

Hansen, Brian: CQ Researcher

Hansen, David: CCH Inc.

Hanson, Christine M.: Federal Publications

Hanson, Melinda: BNA News

Harbert, Tam: Electronic Business

Harbrecht, Douglas A.: Business Week

Hardy, Michael: Federal Computer Week

Hargreaves, Jonathan: FDC Reports

Harkins, Donna: Insight Magazine

Harkness, Peter A.: Governing

Harman, Thomas: Inside Washington Publishers

Harmon, Sonya V.: Tax Notes

Harras, Steven: BNA News

Harrington, Timothy P.: FDC Reports

Harris, Donna L.: Crain Communications

Harris, Joann Christine: Tax Notes

Harris, Lona C.: Time Inc.

Harris, Shane: Government Executive

Harrison, Catherine: FDC Reports

Harrison, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Haseley, Donna: Inside Washington Publishers

Hasson, Judith B.: Federal Computer Week

Hatch, David M.: Crain Communications

Hawana, Joanne: FDC Reports

Hawkins, Andrew: FDC Reports

Hawkins, Dana: U. S. News & World Report

Hayes, Lisa L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Hayes, Peter S.: BNA News

Hayes, Stephen F.: Weekly Standard

Hazard, Charles: Insight Magazine

Hearn, Edward T.: Multichannel News

Heath, Erin J.: National Journal

Hebert, Adam: Inside Washington Publishers

Heckathorn, Mark E.: Natural Gas Week

Hedges, Joyce: BNA News

Heflin, Jay: UCG

Hegland, Corine: National Journal

Henderson, Kristina: Inside Washington Publishers

Hendrie, Caroline: Education Week

Hennig, Jutta: Inside Washington Publishers

Henning, Jonathan: Defense Focus

Henning, Lily: American Lawyer Media

Henry, Corey Neal: Inside Washington Publishers

Henry, Edward M.: Roll Call

Henry, Natalie: Environment & Energy Publishing

Herard, Vladimire: CD Publications

Hernandez, Luis: Thompson Publishing Group

Heron, Liz: Inside Washington Publishers

Hertzfeld, Laura: McGraw-Hill

Hess, Glenn H.: Chemical Market Reporter

Hess, Ryan E.: MII Publications

Heyd, Cindy Ann: Tax Notes

Hickey, Jennifer: Insight Magazine

Hickey, Kathleen: Traffic World

Hicks, Travis: CD Publications

Hiebert, Murray: Far Eastern Economic Review

Higgins, John: Business Publishers

Hilburn, Matthew: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hill, Keith M.: BNA News

Hill, Richard: BNA News

Hillgren, Sonja: Farm Journal

Hiruo, Elaine: McGraw-Hill

Hobbs, M. Nielsen: FDC Reports

Hobbs, Susan: BNA News

Hocking, Bryanna: Roll Call

Hodge, Nathan: King Publishing Group

Hodierne, Robert: Army Times Publishing Co.

Hoff, David: Education Week

Hoffman, Donald: Government Information Services

Hoffman, Rebecca: BNA News

Hofmann, Mark A.: Crain Communications

Hofmeister, Elizabeth W.: BNA News

Holland, Bill: Billboard Magazine

Hollingsworth, Catherine: BNA News

Holly, Tricia: Travel Agent Magazine

Holmes, Allan T.: Federal Computer Week

Holmes, Natalie C.: Capitol City Publishers

Hoover, Eric: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hoover, Kent: Washington Business Journal

[[Page 1027]]

Horner, Dan: McGraw-Hill

Horwood, Rachel Jane: Economist

Hosenball, Mark: Newsweek

Hotta, Yoshio: Yomiuri America

Hoversten, Paul: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Howard, Joe: Radio & Records

Hsu, Emily: Inside Washington Publishers

Hsu, Susan: Business Publishers

Hubbard, Catherine A.: CCH Inc.

Hughes, Jr., John D.: Aviation Week

Hunter, Gabrielle: FTC Watch

Hurst, Marianne Delinda: Education Week

Hutchens, George: CD Publications

Hutnyan, Joseph: McGraw-Hill

Ichniowski, Thomas F.: McGraw-Hill

Idaszak, Jerome: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Iekel, John F.: Thompson Publishing Group

Imperio, Winnie Anne: International Medical News Group

Ingersoll, Stephanie: BNA News

Ingram, Michael: UCG

Irvin, Helen D.: BNA News

Isikoff, Michael: Newsweek

Iyengar, Sunil: FDC Reports

Jackman, Frank: McGraw-Hill

Jackson, Anthony: Time Inc.

Jackson, Irvin L.: Inside Washington Publishers

Jackson, Joab: Washington Technology

Jackson, Rochelle D.: BNA News

Jackson, Valarie: McGraw-Hill

Jackson, Whitney L.: UCG

Jackson, William K.: Government Computer News

Jacobson, Louis: National Journal

Jaffe, Harry S.: Washingtonian

Jagadeesan, Gomati: Inside Washington Publishers

James, Betty: Federal Publications

Jeffrey, Terence P.: Human Events

Jenkins, Scott: FDC Reports

Johnson, Alisa: BNA News

Johnson, Fawn: BNA News

Johnson, Greg: Inside Mortgage Finance

Johnson, Kimberly E.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Johnson, Michael R.: Telecommunications Reports

Johnson, Regina: McGraw-Hill

Johnston, Gretel: IDG Communications

Johnston, Robert C.: Education Week

Jones, David: McGraw-Hill

Jones, George: CCH Inc.

Jones, Helen: BNA News

Jones, Joyce: Black Enterprise

Jones, Mary Lynn: The Hill

Jonson, Nicholas G.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Jordan, Anne: Governing

Jordan, Brian D.: McGraw-Hill

Jordan, Bryant: Army Times Publishing Co.

Joseph, Ludwina: Outlook

Joslyn, Heather: Chronicle of Higher Education

Jost, Kenneth W.: CQ Researcher

Jowers, Karen Grigg: Army Times Publishing Co.

Judis, John: New Republic

June, Audrey Williams: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kachman, Michael: Insight Magazine

Kalb, Deborah: The Hill

Kallioinen, Anna: Washington Service Bureau

Kane, Paul: Roll Call

Kansagor, Gayle: Telecommunications Reports

Kaplan, Hugh B.: BNA News

Kaplan, Jonathan: The Hill

Karpavich, Todd: CD Publications

Karpf, Ben: U. S. Medicine

Kasper, Kara: FDC Reports

Kasperowicz, Peter: Inside Washington Publishers

Kass, Marcia B.: BNA News

Kassabian, Gloria B.: Business Week

Kauffman, Tim: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kaufman, Bruce S.: BNA News

Kaufman, Gail: Army Times Publishing Co.

Kavanagh, Susan: Washington Service Bureau

Kavruck, Deborah A.: Washington Counseletter

Kavruck, Samuel: Washington Counseletter

Keane, Angela Greiling: Traffic World

Keen, Lisa Melinda: Washington Blade

Keller, Amy M.: Roll Call

Keller, Bess: Education Week

Keller, Gail: BNA News

Kelley, Jaimie: FDC Reports

Kellogg, Alex P.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kelly, Cathy: FDC Reports

Kelly, Patrice Wingert: Newsweek

Kelly, Spencer: UCG

Kendrick, Adrienne: Tax Notes

Kent, Christina: Physician's Weekly

Keplinger, Carolyn: McGraw-Hill

Kessler, Elaine: BNA News

Khan, Altaf U.: BNA News

Khor, Lena: FDC Reports

Kidney, Steve: CD Publications

Kiernan, Vincent: Chronicle of Higher Education

Kilian, Martin: Die Weltwoche

Kim, Angela: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Kim, Helen: Government Information Services

Kime, Patricia: Army Times Publishing Co.

King, Llewellyn W.: King Publishing Group

Kinnard, Meg: National Journal

Kintisch, Eli: Jewish Forward

Kiplinger, Austin H.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kirby, Paul: Telecommunications Reports

Kirkell, Sarah M. W.: Tax Notes

Kirkland, John Robert: BNA News

Kisliuk, Bill: American Lawyer Media

Kitfield, James: National Journal

Kittross, David: CD Publications

Klaidman, Daniel: Newsweek

Klein, Eric: UCG

Klein, Judith: National Journal

[[Page 1028]]

Kleine-Brockhoff, Thomas: Die Zeit

Kleiner, Henry E.: Business Publishers

Klimko, Frank: CD Publications

Kline, Jerry Lee: Thompson Publishing Group

Knapik, Michael: McGraw-Hill

Knestout, Brian: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Knutson, Ted: CD Publications

Koch, Andrew: Jane's Information Group

Koch, Kathy: CQ Researcher

Kohut, John J.: Cook Political Report

Kolidakis, Vonronica: BNA News

Kondracke, Morton M.: Roll Call

Koons, Jennifer: Environment & Energy Publishing

Kosnett, Jeffrey: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Kosova, Weston: Newsweek

Koss, Geoffrey: Inside Washington Publishers

Kosterlitz, Julie A.: National Journal

Kovski, Alan: Utility Spotlight

Kraft, Scott: UCG

Kramer, David: Science & Government Report

Kramer, Linda: Time Inc.

Kramer, Steven R.: King Publishing Group

Kriz, Margaret E.: National Journal

Kubetin, W. Randy: BNA News

Kucher, Liane: McGraw-Hill

Kuhn, Mark: CD Publications

Kulman, Linda: U. S. News & World Report

Kurtz, Josh: Roll Call

LaBrecque, Louis C.: BNA News

LaFon, Carolyn Wright: Tax Notes

Labash, Matthew: Weekly Standard

Laffler, Mary Jo: FDC Reports

Lally, Rosemarie: Thompson Publishing Group

Lamb, Kevin: Human Events

Lamb, Robyn: UCG

Lamoreaux, Denise: Thompson Publishing Group

Lane, Patrick: Inside Washington Publishers

Langel, Stephen: Inside Washington Publishers

Lankford, Kimberly: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Lardner, Richard: Inside Washington Publishers

Larose, Marni D.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Larsen, Kathy Carolin: McGraw-Hill

Larson, Adrianne: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Lash, Steve: Business Publishers

Last, Jonathan: Weekly Standard

Lauerman, Kerry: Salon Magazine

Laurent, Anne: Government Executive

Laurenzo, Ron: King Publishing Group

Lavelle, Marianne: U. S. News & World Report

Lawrence, Richard: Traffic World

Lazenby, Edith: Food Chemical News

LeSueur, Steve: Washington Technology

Leavitt, David I.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lechy, Emily: Government Information Services

Lederman, Douglas: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lee, Georgiana: National Mortgage News

Lee, Ken: Radio Business Report

Leithauser, Tom: Telecommunications Reports

Lekus, Eric: BNA News

Lemov, Penelope: Governing

Leopold, George: CMP Media Inc.

Lerer, Lisa: National Journal

Lesher, Sarah: The Hill

Leske, Gisela: Der Spiegel

Levine, Daniel R.: Reader's Digest

Levine, Samantha: U. S. News & World Report

Levy, Sara E.: Telecommunications Reports

Lewis, Nicole: Chronicle of Higher Education

Liang, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Lindeman, Ralph: BNA News

Lindsay, Drew: Washingtonian

Lipman, Harvy: Chronicle of Higher Education

Lipowicz, Alice: CD Publications

Lipper, Tamara: Newsweek

Lisagor, Megan: Federal Computer Week

Lithwick, Dahlia Hannah: Slate

Lizza, Ryan: New Republic

LoRusso, Dina: Thompson Publishing Group

Lockett, Brian A.: BNA News

Logan, Christopher P.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Logue, Wayne: Research Institute of America Group

Lopes, Gregory: Inside Washington Publishers

Lorch, Donatella: Newsweek

Lord, Mary C.: U. S. News & World Report

Lorenzetti, Maureen Shields: Oil & Gas Journal

Losey, Stephen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lott, Steven: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Loveless, William E.: McGraw-Hill

Lovern, Edward: Crain Communications

Lowe, Christian: Army Times Publishing Co.

Lowe, Paul: Aviation International News

Lowther, William A.: Mail on Sunday

Lubold, Gordon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Luccioli, Colleen: Environment & Energy Publishing

Lucier, James P.: Insight Magazine

Lum, Benjamin: FDC Reports

Lumb, Jacquelyn: Washington Service Bureau

Lunney, Kellie: Government Executive

Lustig, Joe: Thompson Publishing Group

Lutterbeck, Claus: Stern

Lynch, Kerry: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Ma, Jason: Inside Washington Publishers

MacDonald, Neil: Technology Commercialization

MacDonald, Sam: Insight Magazine

MacKeil, Brian: Army Times Publishing Co.

MacRae, Catherine: Inside Washington Publishers

Macarelli, Nicholas: FDC Reports

Macilwain, Colin: Nature

Madrigal, Jacqueline: Radio & Records

Maggs, John J.: National Journal

Magill, Barbara: Thompson Publishing Group

Magnusson, Paul: Business Week

Mahoney, Fabia H.: BNA News

[[Page 1029]]

Maier, Timothy: Insight Magazine

Maixner, Edward: Farm Progress News

Maloney, Christopher: MII Publications

Jewish Press

Mangu-Ward, Katherine: Weekly Standard

Mani, Meredith Billman: Inside Washington Publishers

Mann, Paul S.: Aviation Week

Manning, Robert F.: Tax Notes

Mannix, Margaret: U. S. News & World Report

Manzo, Kathleen K.: Education Week

Marcisz, Christopher: Inside Washington Publishers

Marcoux, Michel: FDC Reports

Marcucci, Carl: Radio Business Report

Mariani, Michele: Governing

Mariani, Patricia: Federal Publications

Markley, Mary Ann Grena: BNA News

Marois, Denise: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Marre, Klaus: Inside Washington Publishers

Marsan, Carolyn Duffy: IDG Communications

Marshall, Joshua: Salon Magazine

Martinez, Arlene Vanessa: Hispanic Link News Service

Marvin, Robert: McGraw-Hill

Masci, David: CQ Researcher

Mathis, Lisa: BNA News

Mathur, Vandana: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Matloff, Rebecca A.: FDC Reports

Matthews, Jim: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Matthews, Martha: BNA News

Matthews, S. William: Federal Computer Week

Matthews, Sidney William: Army Times Publishing Co.

Matus, Victorino: Weekly Standard

Matusow-Nelson, Barbara: Washingtonian

Maurer, Henry Kevin: Inside Washington Publishers

Mauro, Tony: American Lawyer Media

Mayer, Jane: New Yorker

Maze, Richard: Army Times Publishing Co.

Mazumdar, Anandashankar: BNA News

Mazzetti, Mark: U. S. News & World Report

McBeth, Karen: McGraw-Hill

McCaffery, Gregory: BNA News

McCaney, Kevin: Government Computer News

McCaughan, Michael: FDC Reports

McClenahen, John: Penton Media Inc.

McConnell, William: Broadcasting & Cable

McCormack, Richard: Manufacturing News

McCormally, Kevin: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McCracken, Rebecca P.: BNA News

McDermott, Kevin: Research Institute of America Group

McFadden, Edward: Reader's Digest

McGeehon, Dale: Business Publishers

McGoffin, Michael J.: Research Institute of America Group

McGolrick, Susan J.: BNA News

McGovern, Susan: Washington Business Information

McGrath, Courtney B.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

McHugh, Jane Claire: Army Times Publishing Co.

McHugh, Mark Sean: American Shipper

McInerney, Susan: BNA News

McIntosh, Toby: BNA News

McLane, Paul J.: IMAS Publishing

McLaughlin, Matthew J.: Government Computer News

McLemee, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

McManus, Brooke E.: FDC Reports

McMurtrie, Beth: Chronicle of Higher Education

McNamee, Michael D.: Business Week

McPartlin, Martha: CD Publications

McTague, James: Barron's

McTague, Rachel S.: BNA News

McVearry, Rachel D.: Thompson Publishing Group

McVicker, William: Recall

Mechcatie, Elizabeth: International Medical News Group

Meldrum, Sarah: Pace Publications

Melillo, Wendy: Adweek Magazine

Menke, Susan: Government Computer News

Menon, Veena: Inside Washington Publishers

Mercurio, John: Roll Call

Meredith, Jeff: Exchange Monitor Publications

Merrill, Jessica E.: FDC Reports

Merrion, Paul Robert: Crain Communications

Methvin, Eugene: Reader's Digest

Meyers, David B.: Roll Call

Michael, Sara: Federal Computer Week

Michels, Jennifer: Travel Agent Magazine

Mientka, Matthew: U. S. Medicine

Miller, Jason: Government Computer News

Miller, John J.: National Review

Miller, Julie A.: Title I Report

Miller, Karla L.: Tax Notes

Miller, Margaret: BNA News

Miller, Reed J.: FDC Reports

Miller, Richard: Business Week

Miller, W. Kent: Army Times Publishing Co.

Miller, William H.: Penton Media Inc.

Milligan, Michael: Travel Weekly

Minikon, Patricia: Federal Publications

Minton-Beddoes, Zanny: Economist

Mitchell, John: Reader's Digest

Mitchell, Robert W.: Thompson Publishing Group

Miura, Lauren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Mohr, Patti: Tax Notes

Mokhiber, Russell: Corporate Crime Reporter

Mola, Roger Andrew: Aviation International News

Monastersky, Richard: Chronicle of Higher Education

Monroe, John: Federal Computer Week

Montwieler, Nancy: BNA News

Moore, James Gerry: Kiplinger Washington Editors

[[Page 1030]]

Moore, Jennifer L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Moore, Miles David: Crain Communications

Moore, Nancy J.: BNA News

Moore, Pamela Susan: Capitol Publications

Moore, Tom: Federal Employees News Digest

Moragne, Lenora: Black Congressional Monitor

Morales, Cecilio: MII Publications

Morehead, Nicholas: UCG

Morehouse, Macon: Time Inc.

Moreno-Hines, Mia: Tax Notes

Morgan, Jill: Billing World Magazine

Morin, Christopher Scott: Thompson Publishing Group

Morring, Jr., Frank: Aviation Week

Morris, Jefferson F.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Morris, Jodie: National Journal

Morris, Walter: FDC Reports

Morrison, David Carlisle: Credit Union Times

Morrissey, James A.: Textile World

Morton, Peter: Financial Post

Mosquera, Mary: UCG

Mowbray, Joel: National Review

Moylan, Brian: Washington Blade

Mullen, Richard: King Publishing Group

Mullen, Thomas: Healthcare Information

Muller, Stephanie L.: Thompson Publishing Group

Mullins, Brody: Roll Call

Mulrine, Anna: U. S. News & World Report

Mundy, Alicia: CableWorld

Munoz, German: News Bites

Munro, Neil P.: National Journal

Munsey, Christopher: Army Times Publishing Co.

Muolo, Paul: National Mortgage News

Muradian, Vago: Army Times Publishing Co.

Murdoch, Joyce M.: National Journal

Murray, Mark: National Journal

Mutcherson-Ridley, Joyce: CCH Inc.

Muth, Katherine P.: Sedgwick Publishing

Najor, Pamela: BNA News

Nalbone, Heather M.: CD Publications

Namian, Tina Fritz: Research Institute of America Group

Nance, Scott: King Publishing Group

Nash, James L.: Penton Media Inc.

Nations, Deborah L. Acomb: National Journal

Naylor, Sean D.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Neill, Alex: Army Times Publishing Co.

Nelson, Suzanne: Roll Call

Neuder, Lisa R.: CCH Inc.

Neusner, Noam: U. S. News & World Report

Newkumet, Christopher J.: McGraw-Hill

Newman, Bernard: BNA News

Newman, Richard J.: U. S. News & World Report

Nichols, Hans: The Hill

Nicklin, Julie L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Nir, Ori: The Forward

Noah, Timothy Robert: Slate

Nordwall, Bruce D.: Aviation Week

Norris, Gail Lawyer: Capitol City Publishers

North, David M.: Aviation Week

Novack, Janet: Forbes

Novak, Viveca: Time Inc.

O'Beirne, Kate Walsh: National Review

O'Brien, Sarah: Crain Communications

O'Connor, Erin: Research Institute of America Group

O'Connor, Patrick: The Hill

O'Hara, Colleen M.: Federal Computer Week

O'Meara, Kelly: Insight Magazine

O'Toole, Thomas: BNA News

Oberdorfer, Carol: BNA News

Obey, Douglas: Inside Washington Publishers

Ochs, Natalie A.: FDC Reports

Ognanovich, Nancy: BNA News

Oliphant, James: American Lawyer Media

Olsen, Florence: Chronicle of Higher Education

Olson, Lynn: Education Week

Onley, Dawn S.: Government Computer News

Onley, Gloria R.: BNA News

Oram, Mark Alexander: McGraw-Hill

Orleans, Anne: Washington New Observer

Orosco, Cynthia: Hispanic Link News Service

Orr, Christopher: New Republic

Orrick, Sarah: Congressional Digest

Orth, Maureen: Vanity Fair

Ostroff, Jim: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Osvath, Rebecca: FDC Reports

Otto, Mitchell Alexander: BNA News

Padmanabhan, Anant R.: FDC Reports

Page, Paul: Traffic World

Pak, Janne Kum Cha: USA Journal

Palmer, Avery: Inside Washington Publishers

Pannell, Susan J.: BNA News

Pappalardo, Denise: IDG Communications

Parish, David O.: MII Publications

Parisi, Gretchen: Thompson Publishing Group

Parker, John: Economist

Parker, Susan T.: Natural Gas Intelligence

Parrish, Molly R.: Pace Publications

Parten, Constance: BNA News

Parthasarathy, Hemai: Nature

Paschal, Mack Arthur: BNA News

Patton, Oliver B.: Heavy Duty Trucking

Paulson, Kathryn: FDC Reports

Paulson, William Clifford: FDC Reports

Paynter, Jennifer D.: MII Publications

Pazanowski, Bernard J.: BNA News

Peckenpaugh, Jason: Government Executive

Pekow, Charles: LP/Gas

Peniston, Brad: Army Times Publishing Co.

Perlman, Ellen: Governing

Pershing, Benjamin: Roll Call

Peters, Katherine M.: Government Executive

Peters, Sally: International Medical News Group

Petersen, Tina: McGraw-Hill

Peterson, Donna M.: Army Times Publishing Co.

[[Page 1031]]

Pettigrew, Sharon Rae: IMAS Publishing

Pexton, Patrick: National Journal

Phibbs, Pat: BNA News

Phillips, Cathleen: Tax Notes

Phillips, Vanessa: UCG

Phinney, David: Army Times Publishing Co.

Piemonte, Philip M.: Washington Business Information

Pierce, Emily: Roll Call

Pietras, Seth: FDC Reports

Pilson, Karen: BNA News

Pimley, D. Ward: BNA News

Pines, Jeffrey: CD Publications

Piotrowski, Matt: McGraw-Hill

Plotz, David: Slate

Plummer, Anne: Inside Washington Publishers

Podesta, Jane: Time Inc.

Polachek, Jay S.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Polen, Benjamin: Satellite Business News

Pollan, Sarah: FDC Reports

Pollard, Rebecca: American Lawyer Media

Polley, Mary Elizabeth: Food Chemical News

Polster, Nathaniel: HLB Newsletter

Ponnuru, Ramesh: National Review

Porado, Philip: UCG

Postal, Arthur D.: American Banker Newsletters

Postel, Danny: Chronicle of Higher Education

Powell, Kendall: Nature

Powers, Martha C.: Mid-Atlantic Research

Powers, William: National Journal

Precht, Paul: Inside Washington Publishers

Preston, Mark: Roll Call

Preston, Meredith: BNA News

Prevatt, Elizabeth: IMAS Publishing

Prochoroff, Alan: UCG

Pryde, Joan: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Pueschel, Matt: U. S. Medicine

Pulley, John L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Quenqua, Douglas: PR Week

Rabil, Daniel: McGraw-Hill

Radford, Bruce W.: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Radow, Jonathan: FDC Reports

Radziejewska, Natalia: Tax Notes

Ragavan, Chitra: U. S. News & World Report

Raju, Manu: Inside Washington Publishers

Ramirez, Rosa Maria: Hispanic Link News Service

Rankin, Ken: Lebhar-Friedman Publications

Ranson, Lori: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Ratnam, Gopal: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rawson, Kathleen E.: FDC Reports

Razzi, Elizabeth A.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Reddy, Tarun: Institutional Investor

Rees, Elizabeth: Inside Washington Publishers

Rees, John: Mid-Atlantic Research

Reese, April G.: Environment & Energy Publishing

Reichard, John: Washington Healthbeat

Reid, Karla S.: Education Week

Reid, Kenneth: Washington Information Source

Reisman, Adam: UCG

Rheault, Magali: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rhein, Jr., Reginald W.: Scrip World Pharmaceutical News

Ribas, Jorge Luis: Government Information Services

Richard, Alan: Education Week

Richardson, Jenn: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rickman, Johnathan: Tax Notes

Ridgeway, James: Village Voice

Riley, Karen Jane: Clinica

Rinke, Daniel: CCH Inc.

Ritter, Nancy M.: Thompson Publishing Group

Ritterpusch, Kurt: BNA News

Rizer, Steven: KLA Group

Rizzo, Katherine: BNA News

Robb, Karen: Army Times Publishing Co.

Robelen, Erik: Education Week

Roberts, Edward S.: Credit Union Journal

Roberts, Sharon: Time Inc.

Roberts, Vanessa Jo: Government Computer News

Roberts, Victoria: BNA News

Robertson, Jack W.: CMP Media Inc.

Robinson, Linda: U. S. News & World Report

Robinson, Paulette J.: Metro Herald Newspaper

Robinson, Thomas Steven: Mass Transit Lawyer

Rockwell, L. Mark: Wireless Week

Rodeffer, Mark H.: National Journal

Rodriguez, Eva: American Lawyer Media

Rodriguez, Fresia: Hispanic Link News Service

Rodriguez, Paul M.: Insight Magazine

Roeder, Linda: BNA News

Rogers, Adam: Newsweek

Rogers, Amy: CMP Media Inc.

Rogers, Warren: Associated Features

Roha, Ronaleen: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Rohde, Peter: Inside Washington Publishers

Rohrer, S. Scott: National Journal

Rojas, Warren A.: Tax Notes

Rolfsen, Bruce: Army Times Publishing Co.

Rollins, Jonathan: Insight Magazine

Rollow, Jake: Hispanic Link News Service

Romanello, Michael: Telecommunications Reports

Roosevelt, Ann: King Publishing Group

Rose, Lois C.: BNA News

Rose, Phil: Professional Pilot Magazine

Rosen, Jeffrey: New Republic

Rosenberg, Debra: Newsweek

Roston, Eric: Time Inc.

Roth, Siobhan: American Lawyer Media

Rothenberg, Stuart: Rothenberg Political Report

Rothman, Heather M.: BNA News

Rothstein, Betsy: The Hill

Rovetto, Edward: Telecommunications Reports

Roy, Daniel J.: BNA News

Ruark, Jennifer K.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Rubin, Courtney: Washingtonian

Rugaber, Chris: BNA News

Rushford, Greg: Rushford Report

[[Page 1032]]

Ryan, Denise: Tax Notes

Ryan, Margaret L.: McGraw-Hill

Saba, Monica: Radio & Records

Saccomano, Ann: Traffic World

Sack, Joetta L.: Education Week

Safford, David T.: BNA News

Sala, Susan J.: BNA News

Saldarini, Katy: Government Executive

Saletan, William: Slate

Saloom, Elizabeth: Federal Employees News Digest

Salt, Matthew: Washington Business Information

Salzano, Carlo J.: Waterways Journal

Sami, Tamra: Washington Information Source

Sammon, Richard: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Samuel, Terence: U. S. News & World Report

Samuelsohn, Darren: Environment & Energy Publishing

Samuelson, Robert: Newsweek

Sangillo, Gregg Thomas: National Journal

Santiago, Annette R.: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Sarkar, Dibya: Federal Computer Week

Sarkis, Paul A.: BNA News

Sartipzadeh, S. Ali: BNA News

Satchell, Michael John: U. S. News & World Report

Sattler, Cheryl: Government Information Services

Savodnik, Peter: The Hill

Savoor, Namrata: Washington Service Bureau

Sawchuk, Stephen: Government Information Services

Schaffer, Michael: U. S. News & World Report

Schatz-Guthrie, Kathy: Tax Notes

Scherman, Bob: Satellite Business News

Schmidt, Mike: McGraw-Hill

Schmitt, Christopher: U. S. News & World Report

Schmollinger, Christian D.: Natural Gas Week

Schneider, Andrew C.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Schneider, Martin A.: Exchange Monitor Publications

Schneider, Mary Ellen: Inernational Medical News Group

Schoenberg, Tom: American Lawyer Media

Schofield, Adrian: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Schomisch, Jeffrey: Thompson Publishing Group

Schorr, Burt: UCG

Schoultz, Cathleen O'Connor: BNA News

Schuff, Sally: Farm Progress News

Schultz, Evan P.: American Lawyer Media

Schulz, John D.: Traffic World

Schulz, William: Reader's Digest

Schuster, Elizabeth: Thompson Publishing Group

Schwartz, Cindy: FDC Reports

Schwartz, Lauren: FDC Reports

Scorza, John Forrest: CCH Inc.

Scott, Cordia: Tax Notes

Scott, Dean: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Scott, Douglas: CD Publications

Scribner, Amy: Thompson Publishing Group

Scully, Megan: Inside Washington Publishers

Seckora, Melissa: The Hill

Sedlak, Teresa: Time Inc.

Segarra, Shane: Hispanic Link News Service

Seidenberg, John: Federal Employees News Digest

Selinger, Marc: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Serafini, Marilyn Werber: National Journal

Sergeon, Janet L.: BNA News

Setze, Karen Jeanne: Tax Notes

Seyler, David P.: Radio Business Report

Sfiligoj, Mark L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Shafer, Jack: Slate

Shah, Neil: Inside Washington Publishers

Shannon, Darren: Travel Agent Magazine

Shannon, Elaine: Time Inc.

Shapiro, Elizabeth: UCG

Shea, Richard L.: Federal Publications

Shehzad, Noor: FDC Reports

Sheppard, Doug: Tax Notes

Sherfy, Elizabeth Jean: Thompson Publishing Group

Sherman, Jason: Army Times Publishing Co.

Sherman, Mark W.: Business Publishers

Sherrod, Lawrence: Satellite Business News

Shields, Todd: Adweek Magazine

Shipman, William Matthew: Inside Washington Publishers

Shomper, Corie: Business Publishers

Shoop, Thomas J.: Government Executive

Shute, Nancy: U. S. News & World Report

Sian, Maria: Insight Magazine

Sidey, Hugh S.: Time Inc.

Sidor, Tara: Inside Washington Publishers

Silva, Jeffrey S.: Crain Communications

Silverberg, David: The Hill

Silverman, Bridget L.: FDC Reports

Silverman, Jennifer: International Medical News Group

Simendinger, Alexis A.: National Journal

Simmons, Nancy F.: BNA News

Simon, Harvey: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Simon, Roger: U. S. News & World Report

Simon, Seena: Army Times Publishing Co.

Singleton, Joe: Inside Washington Publishers

Sinha, Vandana: Government Computer News

Sirak, Michael: Jane's Information Group

Skilling, Kenneth: BNA News

Skinner, David: Weekly Standard

Skolnik, Sarah: Time Inc.

Skovron, James W.: BNA News

Slaughter, David A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Slavin, Erik: UCG

Smaglik, Paul: Nature

Small, John R.: BNA News

Smallen, Jill: National Journal

Smallwood, Scott: Chronicle of Higher Education

Smith, Anne: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Smith, Douglas: Tax Notes

Smith, Eileen B.: Thompson Publishing Group

[[Page 1033]]

Smith, Guy D.: The Hill

Smith, John Allen: Thompson Publishing Group

Smith, Joseph: CD Publications

Smith, Marcus J.: UCG

Smith, Rhonda: Washington Blade

Snyder, Jim: Inside Washington Publishers

Sobieraj, Sandra: Time Inc.

Socha, Evamarie: Washington Technology

Solomon, Burt: National Journal

Solomon, Francis: Inside Mortgage Finance

Solomon, Goody L.: News Bites

Soloway, Colin: Newsweek

Sommerfield, Margaret N.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sostek, Anya: Governing

Spangler, Matthew: McGraw-Hill

Speaker, Scott C.: Natural Gas Week

Speights, Michael David: Business Publishers

Spence, Charles F.: General Aviation News

Spencer, Duncan: The Hill

Spencer, Patricia S.: BNA News

Spieler, Rebecca: FDC Reports

Splete, Heidi: International Medical News Group

Spoerl, Gerhard: Der Spiegel

Spotswood, Stephen: U. S. Medicine

Sprague, Dean: Budget & Program

Sprague, John: Budget & Program

Spun, Brandon Evan: Insight Magazine

Stam, John: BNA News

Stanley, Scott: Insight Magazine

Stanton, John Roberts: Inside Washington Publishers

Stanton, Lynn E.: Telecommunications Reports

Starr, Alexandra: Business Week

Starr, Beth: BNA News

Stavros, Richard: Public Utilities Fortnightly

Steele, Zaira: Steele Communications

Stein, Keith: King Publishing Group

Stein, Lisa: U. S. News & World Report

Steinberg, Julie: BNA News

Steinke, Scott A.: FDC Reports

Steis, Alexander Beswick: Natural Gas Intelligence

Stempeck, Brian: Environment & Energy Publishing

Stephens, Hampton: Inside Washington Publishers

Stevens, Allison: The Hill

Stewart, William H.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stichter, Charlotte: Federal Publications

Stimmel, Katherine M.: BNA News

Stimson, Leslie: IMAS Publishing

Stockdale, Grant: King Publishing Group

Stoffer, Harry: Crain Communications

Stokeld, Frederick W.: Tax Notes

Stoler, Judith: Time Inc.

Stone, Gregory M.: Mobile Radio Technology

Stone, Peter H.: National Journal

Stover, Kathy A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Stowell, Alan M.: BNA News

Stratton, Sheryl: Tax Notes

Straub, Noelle: The Hill

Strong, Eric: McGraw-Hill

Struglinski, Suzanne: Environment & Energy Publishing

Stulin, Jamie L.: FDC Reports

Sturges, Peyton M.: BNA News

Suellentrop, Chris: Slate

Sugarman, Carole: Food Chemical News

Suggs, Welch: Chronicle of Higher Education

Sullivan, Colin: Environment & Energy Publishing

Sullivan, Drew: National Journal

Sullivan, John H.: BNA News

Sullivan, Monica C.: National Journal

Sullivan, Patrick: Tax Notes

Sultan, Michael: Natural Gas Week

Summer, Prairie: Inside Washington Publishers

Sutter, Susan M.: FDC Reports

Svitak, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Swanson, Ian: Inside Washington Publishers

Sweeney, Frederick: CD Publications

Sweeney, Jeanne: Title I Report

Sweeting, Paul: Reed Business Information

Swibel, Matthew: Forbes

Swinson, Angela: BNA News

Sybor, Adrian: BNA News

Tacconelli, Gail: Newsweek

Talley, Kenneth: BNA News

Talwani, Sanjay: IMAS Publishing

Tapper, Jake: Salon Magazine

Tatum, Melanie: McGraw-Hill

Taube, Herman: Jewish Forward

Taylor, Richard: Business Publishers

Taylor, Ronald: BNA News

Taylor, Stuart S.: National Journal

Taylor, Vincent: UCG

Teinowitz, Ira: Crain Communications

Temin, Thomas R.: Government Computer News

Terry, Rob: Washington Techway

Terry, Shawn: McGraw-Hill

Teske, Steven: BNA News

Thibodeau, Patrick: IDG Communications

Thomas, Griff: Congressional Digest

Thomas, Richard: Newsweek

Thomas, Steele: FDC Reports

Thompson, Mark J.: Time Inc.

Thormeyer, Robert J.: McGraw-Hill

Thorn, Judith: BNA News

Thorndike, Joseph: Tax Notes

Thurneysen-Lukow, Rachel: Newsweek

Tiboni, Francis: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tice, James S.: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tieman, Jeff: Crain Communications

Tiernan, Tom: McGraw-Hill

Tilley-Hinckle, Elizabeth: Washington Business Information

Timmerman, Kenneth R.: Insight Magazine

Tinkelman, Joseph: BNA News

Tobias, Susan Meader: Thompson Publishing Group

Todaro, Jane: Business Week

[[Page 1034]]

Toloken, Steve: Crain Communications

Tomson, Bill: Exchange Monitor Publications

Torregrossa, Steven J.: Tax Notes

Torrieri, Marisa: UCG

Tosh, Dennis A.: Thompson Publishing Group

Towns, Otis: Set-Aside Alert

Tracy, Tennille: Inside Washington Publishers

Treadway, Todd L.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Trigoboff, Dan: Broadcasting & Cable

Trimble, Stephan: McGraw-Hill/Aero

Triplett, Michael R.: BNA News

Trotter, Andrew: Education Week

Trowbridge, Gordon: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tsimekles, Diane: Army Times Publishing Co.

Tsui, Amy: BNA News

Tucker, Miriam E.: International Medical News Group

Tumulty, Karen: Time Inc.

Twachtman, Gregory: McGraw-Hill

Udoff, David: Natural Gas Week

Uhlendorf, Karl: FDC Reports

Urdan, Rachel: Inside Washington Publishers

Vample, Gwendolyn C.: Thompson Publishing Group

Van Atta, Dale: Reader's Digest

Van Der Werf, Martin: Chronicle of Higher Education

Van Dongen, Rachel: Roll Call

Vasishtha, Preeti: Government Computer News

Vasse, Aimee: FDC Reports

Vaughan, Martin: Inside Washington Publishers

Verhoff, Thaddeus: BNA News

Verton, Daniel: IDG Communications

Viadero, Debra: Education Week

Victor, Kirk: National Journal

Vidas, Chris: BNA News

Villamana, Molly: Environment & Energy Publishing

Vinch, Charles: Army Times Publishing Co.

Voelz, Martha: Chronicle of Higher Education

Von Zeppelin, Cristina L.: Forbes

Wachter, Kerri: International Medical News Group

Wagner, Anne: National Journal

Wait, Patience: Washington Technology

Wakeman, Nick: Washington Technology

Walczak, Lee: Business Week

Walker, Christopher: FDC Reports

Walker, Richard: Government Computer News

Wall, Robert: Aviation Week

Wallace, Nicole: Chronicle of Higher Education

Waller, Douglas C.: Time Inc.

Wallison, Ethan: Roll Call

Walsh, Gertrude: Government Computer News

Walsh, Kenneth T.: U. S. News & World Report

Walsh, Mark: Education Week

Walsh, Sharon: Chronicle of Higher Education

Walter, Amy: Cook Political Report

Walton, Robert: McGraw-Hill

Ware, Andrew: Natural Gas Week

Ware, Patricia: BNA News

Warner, Veronica Lynn: Tax Notes

Wasch, Adam: BNA News

Washington, Debbie: Inside Washington Publishers

Waterfield, Larry: Vance Publishing

Watkins, Steve: Army Times Publishing Co.

Wear, Benjamin Frank: Education Week

Weaver, Heather Forsgren: Crain Communications

Weber, Rick: Inside Washington Publishers

Webster, James C.: Webster Communications

Wechsler, Jill: Pharmaceutical Executive

Weil, Jenny: McGraw-Hill

Weinstein, Gary A.: BNA News

Weinstock, Matthew: Government Executive

Weisberg, Jacob: Slate

Weisskopf, Michael: Time Inc.

Welch, Jake: National Journal

Welch, Wayne M.: CD Publications

Wells, Robert J.: Tax Notes

Welsh, William E.: Washington Technology

Werble, Cole Palmer: FDC Reports

Werner, Karen Leigh: BNA News

West, Donald V.: Broadcasting & Cable

Whalen, John M.: BNA News

Wheeler, David L.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wheeler, Scott L.: Insight Magazine

Whelan, David: Chronicle of Higher Education

White, Elizabeth A.: BNA News

White, Frank: McGraw-Hill

White, Rodney: McGraw-Hill

Whitelaw, Kevin: U. S. News & World Report

Whitman, David deF.: U. S. News & World Report

Whittington, Lauren: Roll Call

Wiener, Leonard: U. S. News & World Report

Wieser, Eric M.: Business Publishers

Wilcox, Melynda D.: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Wilczek, Michael J.: McGraw-Hill

Wildavsky, Ben: U. S. News & World Report

Wildstrom, Stephen H.: Business Week

Wilhelm, Ian: Chronicle of Higher Education

Wilkerson, John: Inside Washington Publishers

Willen, Mark: Kiplinger Washington Editors

Willenson, Kim: Japan Digest

Williams, Audrey Y.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Eileen J.: BNA News

Williams, Grant: Chronicle of Higher Education

Williams, Jeanne: Capitol City Publishers

Williams, Jeffrey: Satellite Business News

Williams, Risa: Tax Notes

Wilson, George C.: National Journal

Wilson, Stanley E.: Institutional Investor

Windish, David F.: Tax Notes

Winebrenner, Jane A.: BNA News

Winograd, Erin Q.: Inside Washington Publishers

Winograd, Jeffrey L.: BNA News

Winston, Sherie: McGraw-Hill

[[Page 1035]]

Winter, Thomas S.: Human Events

Wisniowski, Charles: CD Publications

Witkin, Gordon: U. S. News & World Report

Witt, Elder: Governing

Wittman, Amy: Army Times Publishing Co.

Wittman, John: Army Times Publishing Co.

Woellert, Lorraine: Business Week

Wolffe, Richard: Newsweek

Wolszon, Jamie: Inside Washington Publishers

Wolverton, Bradley: Chronicle of Higher Education

Woods, Randy: Inside Washington Publishers

Woodward, Emily: Army Times Publishing Co.

Woodworth, Esther M.: Tax Notes

Wooldridge, Adrian: Economist

Wright, Charlotte: Business Publishers

Wright, Joseph Michael: National Journal

Wright, Michelle A.: Washington Business Information

Wyand, Michael W.: BNA News

Yachnin, Jennifer: Roll Call

Yaksick, George L.: CCH Inc.

Yamazaki, Kazutami: Washington Watch

Yancey, Kimberly: Tax Notes

Yang, Catherine T.: Business Week

Yarborough, Mary Helen: Thompson Publishing Group

Yasin, Rutrell: Federal Computer Week

Yates, Marshall: KLA Group

Yerkey, Gary G.: BNA News

Yochelson, Mindy: BNA News

Yohannan, Suzanne: Inside Washington Publishers

York, Anthony: Salon Magazine

York, Byron: National Review

Yorke, Jeffrey: Radio & Records

Young, Jeffrey R.: Chronicle of Higher Education

Young, Kathryn M.: Penton Media Inc.

Yuill, Barbara: BNA News

Zagorin, Adam: Time Inc.

Zehr, Mary Ann: Education Week

Zeller, Shawn: National Journal

Zengerle, Jason: New Republic

Ziegler, Mollie: Army Times Publishing Co.

Zung, Robert Te-Kang: BNA News

Zurcher, Anthony W.: Congressional Digest

Zurlo, Jeanne: Washington Service Bureau


