

Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), November 2003. - 


Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), November 2003.
[Pages 981-1006]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director--Lawrence J. 
                                                Janezich
                                            Deputy Director--Jane Ruyle
                                            Senior Media Coordinator--
                                                Michael Lawrence
                                            Media Coordinators: Michael 
                                                Mastrian, Sara Robertson

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-321, 225-5214

                                            Director--Tina Tate
                                            Deputy Director--Beverly 
                                                Braun
                                            Assistant for Administrative 
                                                Operations--Gail Davis
                                            Assistant for Technical 
                                                Operations--Olga Ramirez 
                                                Kornacki
                                            Assistants: Andrew Elias, 
                                                Gerald Rupert

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Joe Johns, NBC News, Chair
                                            Jerry Bodlander, Associated 
                                                Press Radio
                                            Bob Fuss, CBS News
                                            Edward O'Keefe, ABC News
                                            Dave McConnell, WTOP Radio
                                            Richard Tillery, The 
                                                Washington Bureau
                                            David Wellna, NPR News
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of Senate wing of the Capitol. Applicants 
shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, television 
stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which they are 
employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, if any. 
Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in the 
prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign government or representative thereof; that they are not engaged 
in any lobbying activities; that they

[[Page 982]]

do not and will not, directly or indirectly, furnish special information 
to any organization, individual, or group of individuals for the 
influencing of prices on any commodity or stock exchange; that they will 
not do so during the time they retain membership in the galleries. 
Holders of visitors' cards who may be allowed temporary admission to the 
galleries must conform to all the restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the 
Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant 
conforms to the foregoing regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 983]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

             RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

Abbott, Kimberly: CNN

Abdallah, Khalil: CNN

Abdul-Jawad, Walid: Freelancer

Abe, Takaaki: Nippon TV Network

Abed, Nader: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Aberman, Samara: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Abramson, Larry: National Public Radio

Abuelhawa, Daoud: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcast Center)

Aburahma, Eyad: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Ackerman, Thomas: Belo Capital Bureau

Ackland, Matt: WTTG-Fox Television

Adams, Douglas A.: NBC News

Adams, James M.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Adhicary, Dave: Freelancer

Adlerblum, Robin Carol: CBS News

Adrine, Lynne: ABC NEWS

Afsharian, Maria: NBC News

Aguirre, Bertrand: French Television TF1

Ahlers, Michael M.: CNN

Ahmed, Lukman: MBC-TV (Middle East

  Broadcast Center)

Ahn, Jaehoon: Radio Free Asia

Aiello, Bud: National Public Radio

Akassy, Hugues-Denver: HDA Pictures, Inc./Orbite

Al-Aqidi, Dalia: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcast Center)

Albano, Thomas: CBS News

Alberter, William: CNN/TVS

Aleemi, Akmal: Voice of America

Alexander, Kenneth: C-SPAN

Aliaga, Julio E.: CNN

Allard, John: ABC News

Alldredge, Thomas: C-SPAN

Allen, Darrell: Worldnet Television

Allen, Jennifer: Capitol Pulse

Allen, Joy: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Allen, Michael: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Allison, Lynn: WETA-TV

Allmond, Douglas: ABC News

Alnwick, Melanie: WTTG-Fox Television

Alonzo, Frances: Freelancer

Alrawi, Khaldoun: APTN

Alvey, Jay: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Ambinder, Marc: ABC News

Ammerman, Stuart: Freelancer

Amperiadis, Dimitrios: Hellenic Broadcast Corporation (ERT)

Anastasi, Patrick G.: NBC News

Anderson, Charles: CNN/TVS

Anderson, Kevin: BBC

Andrews, Wyatt: CBS News

Angle, James L.: Fox Newschannel

Anglim, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Annaheim, Brett: C-SPAN

Anstey, Alexander: Independent Television

  News (ITN)

Anyse, Alana M.: Cox Broadcasting

Apokis, Dimitrios: Hellenic Broadcast

  Corporation (ERT)

Appleman, Emily: Capitol Pulse

Aragon, Carlos: WPWC-AM (Radio Fiesta)

Arcega, Milandro: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Arena, Bruno: Freelancer

Arena, Kelli: CNN

Arenstein, Howard: CBS News

Armfield, Robert: Fox Newschannel

Armstrong, Phyllis: WUSA-TV

Armstrong, Richard: WUSA-TV

Arndts, Ulrich: German Television/ARD

Arrington, Percy: NBC News

Arsenault, Adrienne: CBC

Artesona, Eva: Cataluna TV/TV3

Aryankalayil, Babu: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Asberg, Stefan: Swedish Television

Ashburn, Lauren: USA Today Live

Asher, Julie: Fox Newschannel

Aslan, Berkin: Capitol Pulse

Aspery, Gregory: Tribune Broadcasting

Aspiazu, Maria: Telemundo Network

Assuras, Thalia: CBS News

Atkinson, Rodney: CNN/TVS

Attkinson, Barry: CBS News

Audas, Tamzen: BBC

Audick, George: Freelancer

Aufdem-Brinke, Ronald: Freelancer

Augenstein, Neal: WTOP Radio

Autrey, Steven: CBC

Avary, Max: Radio Free Asia

Azais, Jean-Pasca: French Television TF1

Babington-Heina, Martin: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Baccam, Dara: Voice of America

Bachenheimer, Stephan: German Television

  N24/SAT 1

Bachmann, Thorsten: German Television/ARD

Bacon, Jason: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Badrian, Jonathan: The Washington Bureau

Bagnato, Sharyl: CBS News

Bagwall, Thomas: Freelancer

Baham, Tooo: C-SPAN

Bailor, Michelle: C-SPAN

[[Page 984]]

Bairer, Bret: Fox Newschannel

Baker, Cissy: Tribune Broadcasting

Baker, Craig: CNN

Baker, Les: Fox Newschannel

Bakova, Olga: Slovak Radio

Baktar, Reza: CNN/TVS

Ballou, Jeffrey: WTTG-Fox Television

Balsamo, James: Grace Digital Media

Baltimore, Dennis: Fox Newschannel

Banaszak, Brendan: National Public Radio

Banes, Hildegard: Austrian Radio ORF

Bangura, Benneh: CBS News

Banigan, Mike: CNN/TVS

Banionis, Asta: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Banks, Katherine: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Banville, Lee M.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Barber, Gregory J.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Barbour, Lantz: Freelancer

Barker, Edward: C-SPAN

Barnard, Bob: WTTG-Fox Television

Barnes, Audrey: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Barnes, Peter: Hearst-Argyle Television

Barnett, Christina-Marie: Hearst-Argyle Television

Barnett, James: CNN

Barnett, Pamela: Free Speech Radio News

Barnhart, Marsha J.: Radio Free Asia

Barr, Amy: C-SPAN

Barr, Bruce: CBS News

Barreda, Eric: Freelancer

Barrett, Ted: CNN

Bartlett, Cameron: Freelancer

Bartlett, Stephen: Freelancer

Bascom, Jon: ABC News

Basinger, Stuart: Fox Newschannel

Baskerville, Kia: CBS News

Baskin, Robert: Public Affairs Television

  (Bill Moyers)

Basu, Arin: Radio Free Asia

Bates, Deborah: C-SPAN

Batten, Rodney S.: NBC News

Bauer, John H.: Freelancer

Bauer, Udo: Deutsche Welle TV

Baumann, Robert: Grace Digital Media

Baumel, Susan: Voyage Productions

Bavaud, Pierre: Swiss Broadcasting

Bawa, Malini: Freelancer

Beall, Gary Glenn: NBC News

Beamon, Ta'Adhmeeka: Freelancer

Beasley, David: Radio Free Asia

Beaucar, Kelley O.: Fox Newschannel

Beaudin, Emery Robert: Worldnet Television

Beausoleil, Garry: SRN News (SALEM)

Becker, Bruce: Fox Newschannel

Becker, Frank K.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Beckman, Jennifer: APTN

Bedard, Marie-Eve: CBC

Beery, Nic: Mobile Video Services

Beesley, Kevin J.: Voyage Productions

Behrens, Paul: CBC

Bell, Bradley: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Bell, Ross: Capitol Pulse

Bella, Rick D.: Fox Newschannel

Bellone, Dominic: NBC News

Belmar, Adam: ABC News

Bender, Bob: ABC News

Bender, Sharon: Belo Capital Bureau

Bennett, Kevin: Discovery Times Channel

Bennett, Shephard B.: C-SPAN

Bensen, Jackie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Benson, Adam: CNN

Benson, Pamela S.: CNN

Bentley, David: Freelancer

Benton, Molly: C-SPAN

Benz, Kathy: CNN

Berger, Catherine: CNN

Berger, Deborah: CNN

Berk, Jay: CNN/TVS

Berman, David: CNN/TVS

Bernardini, Laura: CNN

Berrou, Loick: French Television TF1

Betsch, Michael L.: CNSNews.com

Betsill, Brett: C-SPAN

Beyer, Kevin: Freelancer

Bicudo, Pedro A.: RTP Portuguese Public Television

Biddle, Michael: C-SPAN

Bintrim, Tim Raymond: CNN/TVS

Bisney, John: CNN Radio

Blackman, Jay: NBC News

Blackman, Keith: NBC News

Blake, Stephanie: AP-Broadcast

Blakeslee, Carol: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Blakey, Rea: CNN

Blanchet, Sharon: BBC

Blandburg, Victor: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Blatter, Christiane: German Television/ZDF

Blitzer, Wolf: CNN

Block, Melissa: National Public Radio

Blooston, Victoria: NBC News

Blount, Jeffery: NBC News

Bluey, Robert B.: CNSNews.com

Blumberg, Sarah: Freelancer

Blumstein, Eve: Fox Newschannel

Bly, Denny: WUSA-TV

Bodlander, Gerald: AP-Broadcast

Bodnar, John: CNN/TVS

Bogle, Christopher: Worldnet Television

Bogley, John: Court TV (Metro Teleproductions)

Bohannon, Camille: AP-Broadcast

Bohannon, Joseph: NBC News

Bohn, Kevin: CNN

Bolter, Brian: WTTG-Fox Television

Bonzagni, George: SRN News (SALEM)

Bookhultz, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Borniger, Charles: Freelancer

[[Page 985]]

Borniger, Herta: German Television/ARD

Borrasso, Jennifer: SRN News (Salem)

Borzage, Frank E.: Freelancer

Bost, Mark: WUSA-TV

Boswell, Elizabeth: Fox Newschannel

Boughton, Bryan: Fox Newschannel

Bounnak, Thao-Mo: Radio Free Asia

Bowen, Timothy: WETA-TV

Boyd, Janet E.: Fox Newschannel

Boyd, John D.: NBC News

Boyd, Wayne: Freelancer

Boysha, Judy A.: AP-Broadcast

Braddel, Andrew: AP-Broadcast

Bradley, Michelle: Fox Newschannel

Bragale, Charles: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Bramson, Robert E.: ABC News

Brandkamp, Jonathan D.: Voice of America

Brannock, Michael: C-SPAN

Bransford, Fletcher: Fox Newschannel

Bratton, Michael G.: WUSA-TV

Brawner, Donald: WETA-TV

Breed, Richard: Freelancer

Breiterman, Charles: ABC News

Brennan, Christine: CNN

Brickhill, Robert Lee: CNN

Bridgforth, Turner: Freelancer

Brieger, Annette: Freelancer

Brinberg, Clarie: CNN

Brisson, Stephanie: CTV-Canadian Television

Britell, Penny: CBS News

Brittain, Becky: CNN

Brock, Alan Matth: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Broffman, Craig A.: CNN

Broleman, Mike: Freelancer

Brooks, Michael: CNN

Brooks, Sam: ABC News

Broullire, Bridget: Hearst-Argyle Television

Brower, Brooke: ABC News

Brown, Almadale: NBC News

Brown, Cecile P.: CBS News

Brown, Christopher: Freelancer

Brown, Christopher: NBC News

Brown, Dwight: Freelancer

Brown, Edgar: Fox Newschannel

Brown, H. Metric: ABC News

Brown, Jeffrey: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Brown, Jennifer: CBC

Brown, Karen E.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brown, Malcolm: Feature Story News

Brown, Melissa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Brown, Paul: C-SPAN

Brown, Steve: CNSNews.com

Brown, Tracy Ann: APTN

Browne, Allison: Metro Networks

Bruce, Andrea: CBS News

Brumbaugh, Kathleen: Grace Digital Media

Bruner, Caroline Hall: Fox Newschannel

Bruns, Aaron: Fox Newschannel

Bruns, Jayne Hilary: ABC News

Bryant, Nick: BBC

Buchanan, Douglas: WUSA-TV

Buchanan, Michael: WUSA-TV

Buchanan, Michael: BBC

Buchdahl, Hannah: CNN

Buckhorn, Burke: CNN/TVS

Buckingham, Joesph: WETA-TV

Buckland, Carol E.: CNN

Buckley, Freda: C-SPAN

Budeiri, Dana: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Buel, Meredith S.: Voice of America

Buhrow, Tom: German Television/ARD

Bullard, Larry: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Bullock, Peter: Reuters Television

Bullock, Thomas: National Public Radio

Bundock, Susan J.: C-SPAN

Bunyan, Maureen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Burch, Kevin: C-SPAN

Burdick, Leslie: C-SPAN

Burke, James: C-SPAN

Burns, Alison: Cox Broadcasting

Burns, James E.: CNSNews.com

Bussey, Eliza: Reuters Television

Butler, Norman: Freelancer

Buttar, Jasmin: BBC

Butterworth, David: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Byrne, Barbara: WETA-TV

Byrne, Joseph J.: Talk Radio News Service

Byrne, Matthew: CNN

Cabarcos, Tomas: Telemundo Network

Cabot, Heather: Freelancer

Cacas, Max: Capitol Hill Bureau from PRI

Cadoret, Remi: French Television TF1

Cagas, Elaine: CNN

Caggiano, Gabriel: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcast Center)

Caldwell, Traci L.: CBS News

Calfat, Marcel: CBC

Callan, Elizabeth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Cameron, Carl: Fox Newschannel

Cameron, Ian: ABC News

Campbell, Arch: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Campbell, Christopher: Freelancer

Campbell, Shawn Corey: National Public Radio

Candia, Kirsten: German Television/ZDF

Canipe, LuAnn: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Cao, Huidong: Radio Free Asia

Caplan, Craig: C-SPAN

Capra, Anthony: NBC News

Capuchinho, Marcelo: RTP Portuguese

  Public Television

Caravello, David: CBS News

Carey, Julie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Carlson, Brett: Freelancer

Carlson, Chris: ABC News

Carlson, Melissa: Voice of America

[[Page 986]]

Carlsson, Leif: Swedish Television

Carlsson, Lisa: Swedish Television

Carney, Keith: FedNet

Carothers, Josh: Potomac Radio News

Carpel, Michael: Fox Newschannel

Carpio, Erick: Telemundo Network

Carr, Martin: WETA-TV

Carrier, Therese: CBC

Carrillo, Silvio: CNN

Carroll, Patricia: C-SPAN

Carver, Darryl: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Carver, Tom: BBC

Casey, Sean: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Cassano, Joseph: Telemundo Network

Cassidy, David Mart: Belo Capital Bureau

Castiel, Carol: Voice of America

Castillo-Trentin, Jorge: Freelancer

Castner, Edward: Freelancer

Castro, Carlos: WTTG-Fox Television

Catrett, David Keith: CNN/TVS

Causey, Mike: WTOP Radio

Cavaiola, Michael: C-SPAN

Cavin, Anthony: CBS News

Cecil, Brenda: Grace Digital Media

Centanni, Steve: Fox Newschannel

Cesa, Jessica A.: NBC News

Cesar, Ronald: Voice of America

Chadwick, Alex: National Public Radio

Chaffin, Joshua: Free Speech Radio News

Chaggaris, Steven: CBS News

Chamberlain, Richard: Tribune Broadcasting

Chamberland, Bethany A.: CNN

Champ, Henry: CBC

Chang, Nike: Broadcasting Corporation of China

Chapman, Irwin: Bloomberg Television

Charbonneau, Melissa A.: CBC

Charpa, Silvia: German Broadcasting Systems/ARD

Chase, David: Cox Broadcasting

Chattman, Tanya: C-SPAN

Chavez, Miguel: Telemundo Network

Chavez, Roby: WTTG-Fox Television

Chaytor, David: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Chen, Joie: CBS News

Chen, Joseph: Voice of America

Chen, Yi Qiu: CTI-TV (China)

Chenevey, Steve: Freelancer

Chernenkoff, Kelly: Fox Newschannel

Cherquis, Gustavo: Telemundo Network

Cheshire, Joshua: FedNet

Cheval, Stephanie: France 2 Television

Chicca, Trish: CNN

Chick, Jane: Freelancer

Chikata, Kenti: Nippon TV Network

Childs, Nick: BBC

Choi, Chang Young: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Choi, Myung-Ghil: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Chophel, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Christian, George: CBS News

Christianson, Nancy: C-SPAN

Chu, Jennifer: Living on Earth

Chun, Sooil: Radio Free Asia

Chung, Patrice: Fox Newschannel

Chung, Royd: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Cilberti, David: Tribune Broadcasting

Ciralsky, Adam: CBS News

Clap, Nathan: Freelancer

Clapman, Leah: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Clark, James: C-SPAN

Clark, Nary: Video News Service

Clark, Theodore: National Public Radio

Clarke, Jim: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Clarke, John: Reuters Television

Clarkson, Russell: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Clavijo, Ernesto E.: Univision News

Clayton, Delia V.: Capitol Pulse

Clemann, William: WUSA-TV

Clogston, Juanita: Freelancer

Clugston, Gregory: SRN News (Salem)

Cockerham, Rick: Fox Newschannel

Cocklin, Anne: Freelancer

Cocklin, Steve: Freelancer

Coffman, Mary: Medill News Service

Cofske, Harvey: Grace Digital Media

Cohan, Stacey: WUSA-TV

Cohen, Josh: C-SPAN

Cohen, Stuart: Freelancer

Cohencious, Robert: Native American Television

Coil, Holley: WTTG-Fox Television

Colby, Alfred: CBS News

Cole, Bryan: Fox Newschannel

Cole, Robert: Voice of America

Coleman, Carole: Irish Radio and Television (RTE)

Coles, David: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Colgan, Jill: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Collingwood, Eloise: C-SPAN

Collins, Bruce: C-SPAN

Collins, Maxine: Independent Television

  News (ITN)

Collins, Michael J.: Voice of America

Collins, Nicole: Fox Newschannel

Collins, Pat: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Collinson, Luke Alexander: Independent Television

  News (ITN)

Comport, Caroline J.: Tribune Broadcasting

Conan, Neal: National Public Radio

Conlin, Sheila: NBC Newschannel

Conner, Carrie: CNN

Conner, Eric: Fox Newschannel

Conner, Leslie: C-SPAN

Connolly, Carrie: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Connor, Gail: APTN

Conover, Katie: Fox Newschannel

Conover, William: C-SPAN

Conrad, Monique: BET Nightly News

[[Page 987]]

Contreras, Jorge: Univision News

Contreras, Lalnie: AP-Broadcast

Conway, Zoe: Independent Television News (ITN)

Cook, James: CNN/TVS

Cook, Peter: Freelancer

Cooke, David: Grace Digital Media

Coolidge, Richard: ABC News

Cooper, Caroline: ABC News

Cooper, Fred C.: Voice of America

Cooper, George: CNN

Cooper, John: Freelancer

Cooper, Rebecca J.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Corbey, Robert: Freelancer

Corcoran, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

Corera, Gordon: BBC

Correa, Pedro: Telemundo Network

Corum, Paul H.: CBS News

Costantini, Bob: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Cottom, Everett: Freelancer

Coudoux, Sylvain: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Coulter, Pam: ABC News

Coupet, Sorine: CBC

Courson, Paul S.: CNN

Courtoglous, Melanie: Freelancer

Couvillion, Ronald: Freelancer

Covert, Cal: Freelancer

Cowen, Joshua: CNN

Cox, Kristina: Capitol Pulse

Cox, Merrilee: ABC News

Cox, Wayne M.: ABC News

Craca, Thomas: Freelancer

Cratty, Carol A.: CNN

Crawford, Robert: ABC News

Crawford, Sonya: ABC News

Crawford, Walter: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Crawley, Plummer: Freelancer

Crenshaw, Elizabeth: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Cridland, Jeffrey: WUSA-TV

Croley, Adam: Capitol Pulse

Cronen, Elizabeth: WETA-TV

Crosariol, Paul M.: Potomac Television

Crosby, Josef: The Washington Bureau

Crosswhite, Karla: CNN

Crowley, Candy Alt: CNN

Crowley, Dennis: United News and Information

Crutchfield, Curtis: Prince George's Community Television

Cruz, Damon: CNN

Crystal, Lester M.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Csongos, Frank T.: Radio Free Europe/

  Radio Liberty

Cuddy, Matthew: CNBC

Cullum, James W.: Talk Radio News Service

Culpepper, Kathy: Metro Networks

Cunha, John: CNN/TVS

Cuong, Pham Gia: CBS News

Curran, Patrick J.: Freelancer

Currier, Liam: C-SPAN

Curry, Thomas J.: MSNBC/ NBC News

Curry, Traci: CNN

Curtis, Alexander: C-SPAN

Cyr, Emily Michelle: WUSA-TV

D'Alberto, Emily A.: CNN

D'Annibale, Thomas J.: ABC News

Daell, Michelle: WTTG-Fox Television

Dager, Elizabeth: SRN News (Salem)

Dajani, Rula: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Daly, Jennifer: NBC Newschannel

Daly, John: CBS News

Daniels, Brady G.: NBC News

Daschle, Kelly: APTN

Dashevsky, Arik: Washington News Network

Date, Jack: CNN

Dauchess, Matthew: C-SPAN

Daugherty, Jeffery: Worldnet Television

Davalos, Anna: Freelancer

Davenport, Alice H.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Davenport, Anne: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Davieaud, Helene: French Television TF1

Davis, Haary L.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Davis, John: CNN/TVS

Davis, Kristin: CNN

Davis, Patrick A.: CNN

Davis, Tiffani M.: ABC News

Davis-Hopper, Regan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dawson, Wendy: Fox Newschannel

de Guise, Louis: CBC

De Keyser, Greta: Belgian Radio and TV/VRT

de Sola, David: Freelancer

DeMark, Michael: Freelancer

DeMoss, Gary: Freelancer

DePuyt, Bruce: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

DeSantis, Dominic: Freelancer

DeSimone, Bridget: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

DeVito, Andrea: Fox Newschannel

DeWitt, Terry T.: ABC News

Debreczeni, Sonia Y.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Deckel, Yaron: Israel Television and Radio

Decker, Jonathan P.: USA Radio Network

Deger, Anne H.: Hamilton Productions

DelaForet, Andre D.: NBC News

Delboni, Chris: CBC

Dentzer, Susan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Dew, Kyneesha: C-SPAN

DiCarlo, Patricia: WTTG-Fox Television

DiMassimo, Richard: Native American Television

Diakides, Anastasia N.: CNN

Diamond, Aaron: France 2 Television

Diamond, Darryl: CNN/TVS

Diarra, Sofia: BBC

Dickerson, Anne: German Television N24/SAT 1

Dickie, Mary Theresa: AP-Broadcast

Diel, Heike: German Television/ZDF

Dietrich, Geoff: CNN

Diller, Jeremy: Hearst-Argyle Television

[[Page 988]]

Dillon, H. Estel: NBC Newschannel

Dimmler, Erika: CNN

Dimsdale, John: Marketplace Radio

Dinardo, Anne Marie: C-SPAN

Dine, Laura: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Disselkamp, Henry: ABC News

Dixon-Gumm, Penny: Voice of America

Dixson, Charles H.: CBS News

Doane, Martin C.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dockins, Pamela: AP-Broadcast

Doebele, Connie: C-SPAN

Doherty, Peter M.: ABC News

Dolcimascolo, Carolyn: WTTG-Fox Television

Dolma, Dana: Radio Free Asia

Donahue, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Donald, William: Freelancer

Donovan, Christopher: NBC News

Donovan, Jeffrey: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Donovan, Mary Ellen: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Dore, Margaret: Freelancer

Dorjee, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Dorn, Jason M.: Tribune Broadcasting

Dorsey, Tony: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Dougherty, Mark: Tech TV

Dougherty, Martin: CNN/TVS

Dougherty, Paul: Freelancer

Douglass, Linda D.: ABC News

Dow, Angela: Capitol Pulse

Doyle, Geoffrey C.: NBC News

Drew, Catherine: Feature Story News

Drew, Sarah: Freelancer

Drew, William: BBC

Drum, Jonathan E.: Belo Capital Bureau

DuBreuil, James: ABC News

Dubroff, Rich: CNN

Dudley, Phil: CTV-Canadian Television

Duke, Megan: CNN

Dukehart, Thomas: WUSA-TV

Dumont, Jonathan: CNN

Dunaway, John: CNN

Duncan, Benjamin: Capitol Pulse

Duncan, Emily: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Michael J.: Potomac Radio News

Duncan, Robert: National Public Radio

Duncan, Victoria: NBC News

Duncanson, Annie: BBC

Dunlavey, Dennis: ABC News

Dunlop, William: European Broadcasting Union

Dunmire, John P.: WTTG-Fox Television

Dunn, Lauren: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dunston, Andre: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Dupree, Jamie: Cox Broadcasting

Durham, Deborah: Univision News

Durham, Lisa: CNN

Dyer, Lois: CBS News

Ebersohl, Kevin: WUSA-TV

Ebinger, Jonathan: ABC News

Ebitty-Doro, Estelle: AP-Broadcast

Echevarria, Pedro L.: C-SPAN

Echols, Jerry: Fox Newschannel

Eck, Christina: Deutsche Press Agency

Eckert, Barton: Washington News Network

Edmond, Danaj: NBC News

Edwards, Dana: WUSA-TV

Egusquiza, Mariella: Televisa News Network (ECO)

Eisenbarth, Ron: C-SPAN

Eisenhuth, Alfred S.: Freelancer

el-Bardicy, Thabet: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

el-Hamalawy, Mahmoud: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Elbadry, Hanan H.: Egyptian TV

Eldridge, James W.: Fox Newschannel

Eldridge, Mercedes: Washington Bureau

  News Service

Eldridge, Michael: Washington Bureau

  News Service

Eldridge, Steve: WTOP Radio

Ellard, Nancy: NBC Newschannel

Ellenwood, Gary: C-SPAN

Eller, Robert E.: AP-Broadcast

Elving, Ronald: National Public Radio

Elvington, Glenn: BET Nightly News

Emanuel, Mike: Fox Newschannel

Engel, Seth: C-SPAN

Epstein, Steve: Freelancer

Erbe, Bonnie: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Eriksen, Wenke: Norwegian Broadcasting

Erlenborn, Daniel: NBC News

Ermolovich, Kate: Freelancer

Ernst, Charolotte: TV2 Denmark

Escalona, Alejandro: Voice of America

Espinoza, Cholene: Talk Radio News Service

Estepp, Jeff: Prince George's Community Television

Evans, Kendall: CNBC

Evans, Laura: WTTG-Fox Television

Evans, Sarah: NBC News

Everly, Thomas: Freelancer

Ewing, Samara Martin: WUSA-TV

Fabian, Kathleen: CNN

Fabic, Greg: C-SPAN

Faerber, Fritz: AP-Broadcast

Falcone, David: APTN

Falson, Al: Freelancer

Fancher, William: American Family Radio

Fang, Sabrina: Tribune Broadcasting

Fant, Barbara: NBC News

Farag, Aziz Fahmy: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcast Center)

Farid, Mahtab: Voice of America

Farkas, Daniel: CNN/TVS

Farkas, Mark: C-SPAN

Farley, Jim: WTOP Radio

Farrar, Amy: CNN

Farrell, Kathryn: CNN

Farzam, Parichehr: Voice of America

[[Page 989]]

Faulkner, Michael: CBS News

Fausto, Ramon: Reuters Television

Faw, Robert: NBC News

Feather, Richard: Ventana Productions

Feeney, Susan: National Public Radio

Feig, Christy: CNN

Feldman, Clifford: FedNet

Feldman, Elizabeth: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Feldman, Randy: Viewpoint Communications

Fendrick, Anne-Marie: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Feng, Xiao Ming: Radio Free Asia

Fensterer, Julia: German Television/ARD

Ferder, Bruce: Freelancer

Ferringno, Tony: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ferris, Shaye: CNN

Ferry, Scott: AP-Broadcast

Fessler, Pamela: National Public Radio

Fetzer, Robert: Grace Digital Media

Fiedler, Hartmut: Austrian Radio ORF

Fiegel, Eric James: CNN

Field, Andrew: Freelancer

Fielder, John Paul: Tribune Broadcasting

Fields, Matthew: NBC News

Fielman, Sheldon: NBC News

Fierro, Juan Martinez: Cadena Cope (Spain)

Finamore, Charles: ABC News

Finney, Richard: Radio Free Asia

Finnigan, Michael: Freelancer

Fischer, Elizabeth: NBC News

Fischoff, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Fishel, Justin: Fox Newschannel

Fitzmaurice, Frank: WETA-TV

Fitzpatrick, Craig: Voice of America

Fitzwilliams, Malcolm: APTN

Flannery, Amy: Freelancer

Fleeson, Richard: C-SPAN

Fleischman, Philip: SRN News (Salem)

Fleming, Eileen: AP-Broadcast

Flood, Randolph: Native American Television

Flores, Cesar: Freelancer

Flores, Juan: C-SPAN

Flower, Kevin: CNN

Flynn, Michael: WUSA-TV

Foelmer-Suchorski, Kristin: Freelancer

Fogarty, Erin: NBC News

Fogarty, Kevin: Reuters Television

Forcucci, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ford, Michael: Freelancer

Ford, Sam: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Forman, David: NBC News

Forrest, James M: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Forrest, Kerri: NBC News

Forte, B.J.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Foster, Carl: C-SPAN

Foster, Lesli: WUSA-TV

Foster, Scott: NBC News

Foster, Tom: Freelancer

Foty, Tom: Freelancer

Foundas, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Fox, Jan: WUSA-TV

Fox, Michael C.: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peggy: WUSA-TV

Fox, Peter: Reuters Television

Frame, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Francis, Elliott: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Francis, Fredrick N.: NBC News

Frankel, Bruce: French Television TF1

Franken, Robert: CNN

Fraser, Jr., Wilfred R.: NBC News

Frayer, Lauren: AP-Broadcast

Frazier, William: C-SPAN

Freedman, Allan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Freeland, Eric: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Frei, Matt: BBC

French, Francis P.: Freelancer

Friar, David J.: AP-Broadcast

Fridrich, George: Freelancer

Frieden, Terry: CNN

Friedman, David: Freelancer

Fritz, Hans Peter: Austrian Radio ORF

Frost, Lovisa: Talk Radio News Service

Fry, Jim: Belo Capital Bureau

Fryer, Alan: CTV-Canadian Television

Fulk, Elizabeth: CNN

Furlow, Tony: CBS News

Furst, David: Voyage Productions

Fuss, Bob: CBS News

Futrowsky, David: Fox Newschannel

G. Visley, Andrew: AP-Broadcast

Gabala, Rick: C-SPAN

Gabriel, Oscar Wells: AP-Broadcast

Gadsden, Ginger: USA Today Live

Gaffney, Dennis: Freelancer

Gafner, Randall: Freelancer

Gaither, Karen: C-SPAN

Galdabini, Christian: Freelancer

Galfetti, Michele: Swiss Broadcasting

Galindo, Michael Travis: Freelancer

Gallagher, Bill: C-SPAN

Gallagher, Jr., Joseph: Voice of America

Gallasch, Hillery: Deutsche Welle TV

Gallo, Dan: Fox Newschannel

Gandara, Francisca: Freelancer

Gangel, Jamie: NBC News

Garber, Harriet: CBS News

Garcia, Aurora: Ventana Productions

Garcia, Edith: Telemundo Network

Garcia, Gerardo: USA Today Live

Garcia, Guillermo: Reuters Television

Garcia, Jon Dominic: ABC News

Garcia, Patricia Villon: Prince George's Community Television

Gardella, Richard: NBC News

Gardner, Cy: Freelancer

Gargagliano, Richard: Native American Television

[[Page 990]]

Gargiulo, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Garraty, Timothy C.: CNN/TVS

Garrett, Major: Fox Newschannel

Gary, Garney: C-SPAN

Gato, Pablo: Telemundo Network

Gavnit, Holly Carol: WTTG-Fox Television

Gawad, Atef: Freelancer

Gebhardt, William A: NBC News

Geldon, Ben: CNN

Gembara, Deborah: Reuters Television

Genter, Joyce: C-SPAN

Gentilo, Richard: APTN

Gentry, Pamela: BET Nightly News

Gentry, Robert H.: TV Asahi

George, Maurice: CNN/TVS

George-Kanentiio, Douglas M.: Native

  American Television

Gergely, Valer: Voice of America

Gerhard, Cara: National Public Radio

Gersh, Darren: Nightly Business Report

Getter, John: The Washington Bureau

Geyelin, Philip: Freelancer

Ghadishah, Arash: ABC News

Giammetta, Max: WTTG-Fox Television

Gibbons, Gavin: Freelancer

Gibson, Jake: Freelancer

Gibson, Jennifer: CNN

Gibson, Jr., Frank L.: NBC News

Gibson, Sheri: NBC Newschannel

Giebel, Edward: Freelancer

Gilbert, Ben: National Public Radio

Giles, Frank: CBS News

Gilgannon, Pege: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Gillespie, Maria: Fox Newschannel

Gillette, David: WETA-TV

Gilman, Jeff: WTTG-Fox Television

Gilmore, John: CNN

Gilmour, Karen: CBS News

Ginsburg, Benson: CBS News

Giroux, Dorothee: CBC

Giusto, Thomas: ABC News

Gjelten, Tom: National Public Radio

Gladstone, Jennifer: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Glass, Evan: CNN

Glassman, Matt: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Gleason, Norma: C-SPAN

Glennon, John: Freelancer

Glusing III, Edward: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Gmiter, Bernard: ABC News

Gold, Peter: Fuji Television

Gold, Walter: Washington News Network

Goldfein, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Goldman, David: Prince George's Community Television

Goldman, Jeff Scott: CBS News

Goldsmith, Timothy: Fox Newschannel

Goler, Wendell: Fox Newschannel

Gollust, David A.: Voice of America

Gomez, Augusto G.: Freelancer

Gong, Xiao: Radio Free Asia

Gonyea, Don: National Public Radio

Gonzalez, Carlos Alberto: WTTG-Fox Television

Gonzalez, John: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Goodknight, Charles A.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Goodman, Jeffrey: Freelancer

Goodman, Susan: Voyage Productions

Gordemer, Barry: National Public Radio

Gordon, Chris Herbert: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Gordon, Stuart: ABC News

Gorman, James: APTN

Gottlieb, Brian: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Gottlieb, Carl: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Gottschalk, Irene: Discovery Times Channel

Gould, Robert: C-SPAN

Goulding, David: Freelancer

Grabow, Barton: National Public Radio

Gracey, David: CNN

Gradison, Robin: ABC News

Granda, Marco: Univision News

Granena, Marc: Freelancer

Grant, Miles: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Grasso, Neil: CBS News

Graves, Lindsay: Freelancer

Gray, Sean: C-SPAN

Grayson, Gisele: National Public Radio

Graziano, Julieann: WTTG-Fox Television

Greco, John J.: NBC News

Green, Erin: NBC News

Green, Molette: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Greenbaum, Adam: NBC Newschannel

Greenblatt, Larry: Viewpoint Communications

Greene, James M.: NBC News

Greene, Laura: ABC News

Greene, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Greenfield, Heather: AP-Broadcast

Greenwood, John K.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Greenwood, William: ABC News

Gregory, David: NBC News

Greiner, Nicholas: Freelancer

Griffin, Eileen: WETA-TV

Griffin, Kevin: Freelancer

Griffitts, William: Mobile Video Services

Groenhuijsen, Charles: NOS Dutch Public

  Broadcasting

Gross, Andrew F.: NBC News

Gross, Eddie S.: CNN/TVS

Gross, Joshua D.: CBS News

Grove, Mark C.: Freelancer

Gruber, Martin: Freelancer

Guastadisegni, Richard: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Guise, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Gundy-Rice, Dorry: Freelancer

Gunning, Meredith: Hearst-Argyle Television

Gurney, Ben: BBC

Gursky, Gregg L.: Fox Newschannel

[[Page 991]]

Guthrie, Erin: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Gutmann, Hanna: Washington Radio & Press Service

Gutnikoff, Robert: APTN

Guzman, Armando: TV Azteca

Gwadz, Joel: Freelancer

Haberstick, Fred: Fox Newschannel

Hackett, Steve: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hackley, Dana: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Hager, Mary: CBS News

Hager, Robert M.: NBC News

Hagerty, Michael E.: Freelancer

Haggerty, Patrick B.: WGN Radio/U.S. Farm Report

Hakel, Peter: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hale, Brian P.: ABC News

Halfpenny, Sara: BBC

Halkett, Kimberly: Freelancer

Hall, Christine.: CNSNews.com

Hall, Richard: C-SPAN

Haller, Klaus: German Television/ARD

Haller, Sylvie: NBC News

Halton, David: CBC

Hamberg, Steve: Viewpoint Communications

Hamilton, Christopher: CNN/TVS

Hamilton, Jay: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, John: Hamilton Productions

Hamilton, Jonathan: National Public Radio

Hammer, Michael J.: AP-Broadcast

Hampton, Cheryl: National Public Radio

Handelsman, Steve: NBC Newschannel

Handly, James: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Hanka, Roland: German Television/ARD

Hanlon, Carl P.: Global TV Canada

Hann, Stephen: Marketplace Radio

Hanna, Kate Albright: CNN

Hanner, Mark D.: CBS News

Hanoura, Hamada: C-SPAN

Hansen, Eric: C-SPAN

Hanson, Chris: C-SPAN

Hara, Kyoji Nippon TV Network

Harding, Alejandro: Video News Service

Harding, William: Freelancer

Hardy, Arthur: CNN

Harkness, Stephen: C-SPAN

Harleston, Robb: C-SPAN

Harmeyer, Nancy: Fox Newschannel

Harmon, Susan Bullard: CBS News

Harper, Elizabeth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Harper, Steven: Freelancer

Harrington, Craig J.: WTTG-Fox Television

Harris, Glenn: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Harris, Richard: National Public Radio

Harris, Roy J.: Freelancer

Harrison, Elizabeth: C-SPAN

Harter, John R.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hartge, John: Freelancer

Hartman, Brian: ABC News

Harvey, Alan: NBC News

Haselton, Brennan: WTOP Radio

Hash, James: WUSA-TV

Hass, Thomas: Freelancer

Hatch, Jocelyn: Freelancer

Hawke, Anne: National Public Radio

Hayes, Mary: WTTG-Fox Television

Hayley, Harold Paul: NBC News

Haynes, Maurice: C-SPAN

Hays, Guerin: CNN

Hayward, Jacqueline: WUSA-TV

Haywood, Barry: Freelancer

Hazelton, Jacqueline: AP-Broadcast

Headen, Greg: Fox Newschannel

Headline, William: European Broadcasting Union

Healey, Sean: Freelancer

Hearn, Josephine: Hedrick Smith Productions/Frontline

Heffley, William: C-SPAN

Heik, Jens: Freelancer

Hendin, Robert: CBS News

Hendren, Karen: Freelancer

Hendricks, Mark B.: CBC

Henneburg, Mary Janne: Fox Newschannel

Henrehan, John: WTTG-Fox Television

Henriquez, Andrea: Television Naciaonal

  De Chile (TVN)

Henry, Chas: WTOP Radio

Henry, Jonelle P.: C-SPAN

Henry, Robert: Grace Digital Media

Henschel, Kara Woods: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Herald, Vernon: CNN/TVS

Herbas, Francis: C-SPAN

Hering, Ruth Kristen: European Broadcasting Union

Herman, Lawrence: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hernandez, Carlos E.: WTTG-Fox Television

Hernandez, Eugneio: APTN

Hertrick, Jeff: Freelancer

Hesse-Kastein, Sebastian: German Public

  Radio/ARD

Hester, Deirdre: CBS News

Heyman, Leslye: C-SPAN

Heywood, Harry B.: ABC News

Hickman, Stacy: Fox Newschannel

Hill, Dallas: C-SPAN

Hillard, Timothy: KOMO-TV

Hindes, Wally: AP-Broadcast

Hinds, Hugh: Freelancer

Hirsh, Stephen: Fox Newschannel

Hirzel, Conrad: CNN/TVS

Hitchcock, Jennifer: Hearst-Argyle Television

Hix, Leta: C-SPAN

Ho, Rowena: Radio Free Asia

Ho, Stephanie J.: Voice of America

Hoai, Than: Video News Service

Hobson, Lee J.: Court TV (Metro Teleproductions)

Hoch, Maureen: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hodge, Darnley: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hodges, Debbie: Capitol Pulse

[[Page 992]]

Hoffman, Babette: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Hoffmaster, Robert: C-SPAN

Hofler, Julie: CNN

Hogensen, Scott Alan.: CNSNews.com

Holland, John F.: NBC News

Holland, Sarah B.: CNN

Hollenbeck, Paul: Freelancer

Holley, Julie S.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Holly, Derrill: AP-Broadcast

Holman, Kwami: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Holmes, Horace: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Holtschneider, Joseph: Mobile Video Services

Hood, Mary: Freelancer

Hooper, Molly: Fox Newschannel

Hoover, Toni: Freelancer

Hopkins, Adrienne M.: Fox Newschannel

Hopkins, Brian: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hopkins, Joseph L.R.: Voice of America

Hopper, David: Freelancer

Hormuth, Thomas: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Horne, LaTanya E.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Horne, Roger: German Television Agency

Hosford, Matthew A.: NBC News

Houston, Chris: WUSA-TV

Houston, Karen Gray: WTTG-Fox Television

Howard, Hillary: WUSA-TV

Howell, George: C-SPAN

Howell, Shelly: AP-Broadcast

Hoye, Matthew: CNN

Hoyt, Anne: Telemundo Network

Huang, Laura: Radio Free Asia

Huda, Jasmine: Fox Newschannel

Hudson, Christian: CNN

Hudson, Don: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Hudson, Ira John: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Huff, Dan: APTN

Huff, Priscilla: Feature Story News

Huffman, Ashley: CNN

Hugel, Dave: CNN/TVS

Hughes, James: Freelancer

Hughes, Sarah: Voyage Productions

Hume, Brit: Fox Newschannel

Hume, Kim: Fox Newschannel

Hung, Shirley: CNN

Hunter, Roger: C-SPAN

Hunter, Ryan: WUSA-TV

Hurley, Charles: CNN

Hurt, James: NBC Newschannel

Husain, Mishal: BBC

Hutcherson, Trudy Marie: Freelancer

Hutchins, Stacy: Belo Capital Bureau

Hyater, John: WETA-TV

Ide, Charles: WETA-TV

Ifill, Gwen: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Iiyama, Laura: Freelancer

Ilustre, Josefina: ABS-CBN (Philippines)

Ing, Lance: USA Today Live

Ingram, Shermaze: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Irving, John: Metro Networks

Ishaq, Salim I.: NBC News

Iverson, Matthew: Grace Digital Media

Jackson, Brooks: CNN

Jackson, Roberta: C-SPAN

Jackson, Ryan: Cox Broadcasting

Jacobs, Philip H.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jacobson, Murrey: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Jaconi, Michelle: NBC News

Jacques, Virg: Freelancer

Jaffe, Gary M.: Voice of America

Jaje, Joanne: NBC News

James, Karen L.: CNBC

Jamison, Christina: NBC News

Jamison, Dennis: CBS News

Japaridze, NuNu: CNN

Jarvis, Debbi: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jarvis, Julie: NBC Newschannel

Jaskot, Sheila: WTTG-Fox Television

Javadi, Afshin: Freelancer

Javers, Eamon: CNBC

Jeffries, Katherine: C-SPAN

Jenkins, David: CNN/TVS

Jennings, Alicia: NBC News

Jennings, Edward B.: Freelancer

Jensen, Heidi: ABC News

Jermin, Ede R.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Jessen, Peeter: Freelancer

Jia, Wei-ye: The Washington Bureau

Jiadai, Yang: Radio Free Asia

Jimenez, Martin: CNN/TVS

Johnke, Tracy: AP-Broadcast

Johns, Joseph: NBC News

Johnsen, Kyle: CNN

Johnson, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Johnson, Darryl B.: Freelancer

Johnson, Irene: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Johnson, Jeffrey S.: CNSNews.com

Johnson, Kenneth: ABC News

Johnson, Kevin: Cox Broadcasting

Johnson, Kia: Reuters Television

Johnson, Lanny: Freelancer

Johnson, Lanora Booker: Cox Broadcasting

Johnson, Leroy: NBC News

Johnson, Obin: CBS News

Johnson, Sasha: CNN

Johnson, Sherrie: Freelancer

Johnston, Derek: Freelancer

Johnston, Jeffrey: CBS News

Jones, Alvin: FedNet

Jones, Alvin: Freelancer

Jones, Gwyneth: NBC News

Jones, Hannelore: German Public Radio/ARD

Jones, James: Voyage Productions

Jones, Kim: C-SPAN

Jones, Lyrone Steven: WTTG-Fox Television

[[Page 993]]

Jones, Morris: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Jones, Nelson: WTTG-Fox Television

Jones, Victoria: Talk Radio News Service

Joost, Nathalie: WTTG-Fox Television

Jordan, Rosiland: NBC News

Jouffriault, Pascal: Freelancer

Joy, Michael: Freelancer

Joy, Richard: Ventana Productions

Joya, Steve E.: ABC News

Joyce, Christopher: National Public Radio

Jubar, Muriel: Grace Digital Media

Judd, Jackie: ABC News

Juenger, Georg: German Television/ZDF

Kabbaj, Abdel Hakim: Freelancer

Kahn, Michael W.: AP-Broadcast

Kalbfeld, Brad: AP-Broadcast

Kaldan, Jon: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Kalfopulos, Joy: ABC News

Kamberi, Dolkun: Radio Free Asia

Kane, James F.: ABC News

Kanehira, Shigenori: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Kaplan, William: Court TV (Metro Teleproductions)

Karimi, Nazira: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Karl, Jonathan: CNN

Karson, Danielle: Voyage Productions

Katkov, Mark: CBS News

Katz, Barry: C-SPAN

Katz, Hubert B.: Voice of America

Katz, Ivan: Freelancer

Katz, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Kay, Katty: BBC

Kaye, Mathew D.: Berns Bureau

Kaye, Stephanie: Voyage Productions

Keating, Timothy: Freelancer

Keator, John C.: National Public Radio

Kehnemui, Sharon: Fox Newschannel

Kehoe, Steven: C-SPAN

Kelemen, Michele: National Public Radio

Kelleher, Kristine: APTN

Kellerman, Mike: SBS Radio (Australia)

Kelley, Alice: German Television/ZDF

Kelley, Daniela: Fox Newschannel

Kelley, Jonathan: C-SPAN

Kellog-Wheeler, Ashley: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kelly, Ariana: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Kelly, Sean: CNN

Kelly, Terry: Freelancer

Kempf, Deborah: ABC News

Kendall, Brent: Capitol Pulse

Kenin, Justine: National Public Radio

Kennedy, Robert: C-SPAN

Kennedy, Suzanne: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kenny, Justin: Reuters Television

Kent, Peter: Freelancer

Kenyon, Linda: SRN News (Salem)

Kerchner, Eric: ABC News

Kerr, Roxane: C-SPAN

Kersey, Philip: Fox Newschannel

Kerslake, Louise: BBC

Kessler, Jonathan: Freelancer

Ketcham, Lewis: C-SPAN

Kethewell, Christian: APTN

Keyes, Charley: CNN

Khanananyev, Grigory: Fox Newschannel

Kharel, Ram C.: Sagarmatha Television

Kiker, Douglas: CBS News

Kim, Eugene: AP-Broadcast

Kim, Yonho: Radio Free Asia

King, Colleen: CBS News

King, Donna: Freelancer

King, Gregory: WETA-TV

King, John C.: CNN

King, Kevin: C-SPAN

King, Kevin: WUSA-TV

King, Kristi: WTOP Radio

King, Kyle: Voice of America

Kingsley, Kimberly: WTOP Radio

Kinlaw, Worth: CNN/TVS

Kinney, Laura: Hearst-Argyle Television

Kinney, Michael: Freelancer

Kinney, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Kirk, Beverly: NBC Newschannel

Kirtz, Julie: Freelancer

Kiyasu, Adilson: CNN/TVS

Kizer, James S.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Klayman, Elliot: Freelancer

Klein, Konstantin: Freelancer

Klein, Robert: Freelancer

Klein, Susan: National Public Radio

Kline, Heidi Curley: Capitol Pulse

Kline, Jeffrey: Hispanic Radio Network

Kloehn, Pat: CNN

Knight, Terrence: National Public Radio

Knoller, Mark: CBS News

Knott, James Jeffery: CNN

Knott, John: ABC News

Koch, Kathleen: CNN

Koch, Kay: German Television/ZDF

Kojovic, Predrag: Reuters Television

Koller, Frank: CBC

Kolodziejczak, Thomas: Tribune Broadcasting

Konrad, Monika: ABC News

Koolhof, Vanessa M.: WUSA-TV

Kopecky, Dave: Freelancer

Kopel, Genevieve: Talk Radio News Service

Kornely, Michael: Belo Capital Bureau

Kornely, Sharon: Medill News Service

Kos, Martin A.: Freelancer

Koslow, Marc: NBC News

Kotke, Wolfgan: Freelancer

Kovach, Robert S.: CNN

Kozel, Sandy: AP-Broadcast

Kramer, Amy: ABC News

Krebs, Joe: WRC-TV/NBC-4

[[Page 994]]

Krenindler, Virginia Coyne: NBC Newschannel

Kretman, Lester A.: NBC News

Kreuz, Greta: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Kross, Kathryn: CNN

Krupin, David: Freelancer

Kube, Courtney: NBC News

Kulsziski, Peter: Freelancer

Kupper, Carmen: Freelancer

Kupperman, Tamara: NBC News

Kurcias, Martin R.: National Public Radio

Kure, Fumihiko Nippon TV Network

Kutler, Rebecca: CNN

Kwan, Vivian: Radio Free Asia

Kwasniak, Sarah: Sinclair Broadcast Group

LaComa, Lawrence: Deutsche Welle TV

LaFollette, Marianna: Freelancer

LaSalla, Susan: NBC News

LaTorre, Frank: CBS News

Labott, Elise: CNN

Laboy, Tony: C-SPAN

Lai, Yuk-Chong: Radio Free Asia

Lamb, Brian P.: C-SPAN

Lambidakis, Stephanie: CBS News

Lan, Tanya: Radio Free Asia

Landay, Woodrow: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Landers, John: Freelancer

Landwehr, Arthur: German Public Radio/ARD

Landy, Hope: C-SPAN

Lane, Christopher: WETA-TV

Lane, Lisa: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Langley, Larry: CNN/TVS

Langmade, Brigette: Cox Broadcasting

Larade, Darren: C-SPAN

Larsen, Greogory: Freelancer

Lassen, Kim: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Laughlin, Ara: Prince George's Community Television

Lavallee, Michael: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Lawton, Kim: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Lazar, Robert: C-SPAN

Lazernik, Ira: WTTG-Fox Television

LeBrecht, Thelma: AP-Broadcast

LeCroy, Lillian: Fox Newschannel

LeCroy, Philip: Fox Newschannel

LeMay, Gabriel: Freelancer

Leahigh, Pamela: CNN/TVS

Leake, Myron A.: CNN/TVS

Leamy, Elisabeth: WTTG-Fox Television

Lee, Donald A.: CBS News

Lee, Dong Hyuk: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Edward: WETA-TV

Lee, Hun-min: Taiwan Television

Lee, Kyu: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Sarah: Freelancer

Lee, Soo Kyung: Radio Free Asia

Lee, Yeon Cheol: Voice of America

Lee, Yvonne: CNN

Leeds, Larry: Native American Television

Lehrer, Jim: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lehrman, Margaret: NBC News

Leidelmeyer, Ronald: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Leiken, Katherine: Freelancer

Leimbach, Elizabeth: Capitol Pulse

Leissner, Janet: CBS News

Leist, Elizabeth: NBC News

Lelle, Werner: Freelancer

Lendzian, Gundula: German Television/ZDF

Lent, David: Freelancer

Lentz, Rudiger: Deutsche Welle TV

Leong, Dexter: Freelancer

Leong, H. Ming: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lescalier, Francois: French Television TF1

Leshan, Bruce: WUSA-TV

Leshner, Matt: Freelancer

Lester, Paul: Prince George's Community Television

Levine, Michael: Fox Newschannel

Lewandowski, Mary E.: CNN

Lewine, Frances L.: CNN

Lewis, Edward: Fox Newschannel

Lewis, Jerry: WETA-TV

Lewis, John Elliott: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lewis, Penelope: Freelancer

Lewis, Stephen: NBC News

Lewis, Steve: CNBC

Leyne, Jon: BBC

Li, Denise: CBS News

Li, Yue: Radio Free Asia

Liao, Xiao Qiang: Radio Free Asia

Liasson, Mara: National Public Radio

Lien, Johnathan: CBS News

Liffiton, Bruce: Freelancer

Lilling, Dave: Court TV (Metro Teleproductions)

Lilly, Judlyne: WTOP Radio

Limbach, Francis J.: AP-Broadcast

Lin, Yu-Chu: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Linda, Winslow: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Lindberg, Lyle H.: Worldnet Television

Lindblom, Mark: FedNeT

Linden, Kim: CNN

Lindo, Viviana Avila: Caracol TV

Lisle, John D.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Little, Craig: WTTG-Fox Television

Litzenblatt, Seth: KTUU-TV

Liu, Ted: Radio Free Asia

Lively, Lydia: NBC News

Lloyd, Stacy: Fox Newschannel

Lodoe, Kalden: Radio Free Asia

Loescher, Skip: CNN

Loeschke, Paul: C-SPAN

Loftus, Kevin: Freelancer

Logan, Russell: C-SPAN

Long, Chris: C-SPAN

Long, Culver J.: Freelancer

Long, James V.: NBC News

[[Page 995]]

Long, Robert: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Loomans, Kathryn: AP-Broadcast

Lopez, Liliana: NBC News

Lopez, Rene: KTUU-TV

Lora, Willie A.: CNN

Lorek, Stanley: ABC News

Lormand, John: SRN News (Salem)

Loucks, William: CBC

Loughlin, Sean: CNN

Loughran, Heather: CBC

Lowe, Matt: CBS News

Lowe, Rachael Myers: Cadena Cope (Spain)

Lowman, Wayne: Fox Newschannel

Lu, Lucy: Radio Free Asia

Lucas, Dave: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Lucas, Sean: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Lucchini, Maria Rosa: Univision News

Luck, David: C-SPAN

Ludden, Jennifer: National Public Radio

Ludwig, Robert: WETA-TV

Ludwin, James: AP-Broadcast

Luhn, Laurie: Fox Newschannel

Lukas, Jayne: Freelancer

Lumpkin, Beverley C.: ABC News

Lupo, Michael: Capitol Pulse

Lutt, Howard: CNN/TVS

Lutterbeck, Deborah: Reuters Television

Lutz, Ellsworth: ABC News

Luzquinos, Julio: Freelancer

Ly, Sherri: WTTG-Fox Television

Lyles, Brigitte: Fox Newschannel

Lynch, Donald H.: WETA-TV

Lynch, Laura: CBC

Lynn, John: CNN

Lyon, Michael: Fox Newschannel

MacDonald, Jim: CTV-Canadian Television

MacDonald, Neil: CBC

MacSpadden, Ian: Reuters Television

Macholz, Wolfgang: German Television/ZDF

Madden, Thomas: FedNet

Madigan, Bob: WTOP Radio

Madigan, Erin M.: Stateline.org

Maeder, Rudolf: Swiss Broadcasting

Maer, Peter: CBS News

Maguire, Stephen: Freelancer

Magwenya, Vincent: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Mahdawi, Nezam: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Majchrowitz, Michael: Cox Broadcasting

Majerus, Marlis: WTOP2 (Federal News Radio)

Malin, Susan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mallory, Brenda N.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Malone, James: Voice of America

Malveaux, Suzanne: CNN

Manes, Lisa: CNN/TVS

Mangus, Richard: WMAL Radio

Mann, Jonathon: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Manning, Jason: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Manresa, Elizabeth: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Marantz, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Marchione, Mark Antho: CNN/TVS

Marcus, Michael: CNN/TVS

Marcus, Ralph: CNN/TVS

Marks, Simon: Feature Story News

Marlovits, Johnannes: Austrian Radio ORF

Marno, Michael: Fox Newschannel

Marques, Antonio: Freelancer

Marriott, Mai: Freelancer

Marriott, Marc: Freelancer

Marriott, Michael: Freelancer

Marshall, Mark: Freelancer

Marshall, Melanie: BBC

Marshall, Nancy: Voyage Productions

Martin, David: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Martin, David: CBS News

Martin, James: ABC News

Martin, Neville: Grace Digital Media

Martin, Wisdom: WTTG-Fox Television

Martinez, Luis: ABC News

Martinez-Bustos, Lillian

Martino, Jeff: Freelancer

Masayuki, Nakazato: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Mason, Cecelia: West Virginia Public Broadcasting

Mathers, Alexandra: CBS News

Matheu, Joe: CBC

Mathews, George D.: CNN

Mathis, Jimmy: WTTG-Fox Television

Matkosky, Timothy: WBAL-TV

Matsuyama, Toshiyuki: Fuji Television

Mattesky, Thomas A.: CBS News

Matthews, Claude L.: Freelancer

Matthews, Kathleen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Matthews, Lisa N.: AP-Broadcast

Matthews, Valerie: C-SPAN

Maxwell, Darraine: ABC News

Mayes, Michael: WETA-TV

Mayhew, Dwight: NBC Newschannel

Mayhew, Linda: Grace Digital Media

Mazariegos, Mark: BET Nightly News

McAlary, David E.: Voice of America

McBride, Heather: Prince George's Community Television

McCabe, Lauren Kathleen: Freelancer

McCaffrey, Chris: USA Today Live

McCaleb, Ian: Fox Newschannel

McCally, John: Fox Newschannel

McCann, Michael: C-SPAN

McCann, Sean P.: C-SPAN

McCarren, Andrea: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McCarthy, Kate: C-SPAN

McCarthy, Lark: WTTG-Fox Television

McCarty, D. Jay: Freelancer

McCarty, Dennis: CNN/TVS

McCash, Doug: Freelancer

McCathran, Scott: WTTG-Fox Television

McCaughan, Kristen: CNN

[[Page 996]]

McCaughan, Timothy: CNN

McClam, Kevin: Freelancer

McCleery, Kathleen: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

McClellan, Maxwell: CBS News

McClure, Tipp: Reuters Television

McConnaughy, Brian: ABC News

McConnell, Dave: WTOP Radio

McCorkell, Meghan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McCrary, Ron: C-SPAN

McDermott, Frank: WUSA-TV

McDermott, Richard: NBC Newschannel

McDonald, Natashka: Radio Bilingue

McDougall, Ian: Reuters Television

McFadden, Kerith: CNN

McGath, Sarah L.: Sinclair Broadcast Group

McGill, Sharon: Channel One News

McGinn, Anne: Fox Newschannel

McGlinchy, James: CBS News

McGrath, Mark: ABC News

McGrath, Megan: WRC-TV/NBC-4

McGrath, Patrick: WTTG-Fox Television

McGreevy, Allen: BBC

McGuire, Bradley: C-SPAN

McGuire, Lorna: Freelancer

McGuire, Michael: CBS News

McHenry, Bob: WUSA-TV

McHenry, Brian: Freelancer

McKelway, Doug: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McKenna, Kate: AP-Broadcast

McKenna, Patrick T.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

McKenna, William: Freelancer

McKinney, Haven L.: Freelancer

McKnight, William Charles: WUSA-TV

McLean, George: Capitol Pulse

McLeod, Malkia: Capitol Pulse

McManamon, Erin T.: Hearst-Argyle Television

McManus, Kevin A.: NBC Newschannel

McManus, Michael: CNN

McMartin, Philip: AGDAY

McMearty, Mike: WTOP Radio

McMenamin, Eileen: CNN

McMichael, Samuel J.: Freelancer

McMinn, Nan Hee: Grace Digital Media

McMorris, Ebony Nicole: NBC News

McNulty, Edward: National Public Radio

McQuay, William: National Public Radio

McQueen Martin, Michel: ABC News

McQuone, Kerry: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

McWethy, John: ABC News

Means, Jeffrey Wendell: Voice of America

Mears, Carroll Ann: NBC News

Mears, William: CNN

Mebane, William: National Public Radio

Meeks, Brock Nola: NBC News

Meghani, Sagar: AP-Broadcast

Meier, Christiane: German Television/ARD

Meier, Markus: German Television Agency

Mejia, Douglas: Telemundo Network

Melendy, David R: AP-Broadcast

Melinescu, Cecilia: Romanian Television

Melinescu, Nicolae: Romanian Television

Mellman, Ira: Clear Channel Communications

Mellom, Soheila: Freelancer

Meltzer, Ari: Tribune Broadcasting

Meluza, Lourdes: Univision News

Meraz, Gregorio: Televisa News Network (ECO)

Mercurio, John: CNN

Merobshoev, Seeno: C-SPAN

Meserve, Jeanne: CNN

Meyer, Jill Rosenbaum: CBS News

Meyer, Kerry: Grace Digital Media

Meyer, Lisa: AP-Broadcast

Meyer, Richard: CBS News

Michael, Horan: WTTG-Fox Television

Michael, Michelle: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Michaud, Bryant: AP-Broadcast

Michaud, Robert: Belo Capital Bureau

Michel, Theresa: C-SPAN

Michele, Kelemen: National Public Radio

Mickelson, Matthew: Freelancer

Migas, Portia R.: ABC News

Mihalisko, Michael: Radio Free Europe/

  Radio Liberty

Miklaszewski, James: NBC News

Mikoda, Akihiro: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Mikus, Andrea: SRN News (Salem)

Milenic, Alexander: Freelancer

Milford, Robert H.: Mobile Video Services

Millar, Lisa: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Miller, Andrew: C-SPAN

Miller, Annette L.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Miller, Avery: ABC News

Miller, Beth: BBC

Miller, Doreen Gentzler: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Miller, Paul: CNN/TVS

Milller, Mitchell: WTOP Radio

Mills, Jim: Fox Newschannel

Mills, Katherine: C-SPAN

Mills, Susan L.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Milstein, Jeff: CNN

Minner, Richard: NBC News

Minott, Gloria: WPFW-FM

Mir, Abner S.: Radio Free Asia

Mitchell, Andrea: NBC News

Mitchell, Patricia Davis: CNN

Mitchell, Traci: Freelancer

Mitnick, Steven E.: Freelancer

Mitric, Julia: National Public Radio

Miura, Kenichi Nippon TV Network

Miyake, Yuko: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Mizumoto, Rika: TV ASAHI

Mo, Nai Chian: Phoenix Satellite Television

Mogg, Stephanie.: TV Asahi

Mohen, Peter: CNN/TVS

[[Page 997]]

Molineaux, Diana: Cataluna Radio

Molino, Heather: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Monack, David: C-SPAN

Monange, Arielle: France 2 Television

Mong, Bryan: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Montague, William: Danish Broadcasting Corporation

Montaut, Hector: Televisa News Network (ECO)

Monte, John: Freelancer

Montenegro, Lori: Telemundo Network

Montenegro, Norma: Univision News

Montero, Luisa: Telemundo Network

Mooar, Brian: Freelancer

Moore, Abe: Medill News Service

Moore, Garrette: C-SPAN

Moore, Jessica: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Moore, Linwood: C-SPAN

Moore, Peter: CNN/TVS

Moore, Robert: Independent Television News (ITN)

Moore, Terrence: Metro Networks

Morahan, Lawrence.: CNSNews.com

Moran, James M.: Freelancer

Moran, Molly: Freelancer

Morano, Marc: CNSNews.com

Moreno, Rosa M.: European Broadcasting Union

Morgan, Howard: SRN News (Salem)

Mori, Yugo: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Morrell, Geoff: ABC News

Morris, Amy: WTOP Radio

Morris, Diane: C-SPAN

Morris, Holly: WTTG-Fox Television

Morris, W. Harrison: CNN/TVS

Morrisette, Roland: Bloomberg Television

Morrison, Bridget: C-SPAN

Morse, Richard: CNN/TVS

Mort, Stephen: Feature Story News

Morton, Bruce: CNN

Morton, Dan: C-SPAN

Mortreux, Vincent: French Television TF1

Moseley, Terry: Reuters Television

Moses, Lester: NBC News

Mosettig, Michael D.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Mosley, Joseph: CNN/TVS

Mosley, Matt: Ventana Productions

Mottola, Lorraine: Freelancer

Mountcastle, Katharine: CBS News

Mueller, John: Freelancer

Muhammad, Alverda Ann: National Scene News

Muhammad, Askia: National Scene News

Muir, Robert: Reuters Television

Mukaiyama, Akio: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Mulveny, Jason: French Television TF1

Munoz, Luis: CNN/TVS

Murai, Masamobu:: TV TOKYO

Muratani, Tateki: Fuji Television

Murotani, Makiko: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Murphy, Fran: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Murphy, John: CBS News

Murphy, Kathy: C-SPAN

Murphy, Terence: C-SPAN

Murphy, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Murray, Alan S.: CNBC

Murray, Andrew: C-SPAN

Murray, Matt: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Murray, Matthew: Tribune Broadcasting

Murray, Timothy K.: Ventana Productions

Murrow, Keith W.: Tech TV

Murtaugh, Peter: Grace Digital Media

Musa, Imad: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Muse, Lowell: National Public Radio

Muse, Pat Lawson: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Musha, Jilil: Radio Free Asia

Musha, Masami: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Myers, Adolyn A.: NBC News

Myers, Dayna K.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Myers, Lisa M.: NBC News

Nagle, Erin C: Fox Newschannel

Nakano, Hirofumi Nippon TV Network

Namgyal, Tseten: Radio Free Asia

Narahari, Priya: European Broadcasting Union

Nash, John C.: WETA-TV

Nason, Andrew: C-SPAN

Naus, Angela: CBC

Naylor, Brian: National Public Radio

Neale, Tracey: WTTG-Fox Television

Nealer, Stephanie Mann: Voice of America

Neapolitan, Michael: Grace Digital Media

Neel, Joe R.: National Public Radio

Nelson, Donna: NBC News

Nelson, James: Fox Newschannel

Nelson, Marie: ABC News

Nelson, Nicole: Prince George's Community Television

Nelson, Suzanne: CNN

Ness, Eric: Potomac Radio News

Neto, Joaquim: Mobile Video Services

Neustadt, James J.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Nevins, Elizabeth: NBC News

Newberry, Tom: NBC Newschannel

Nguyen, An: Radio Free Asia

Nguyen, Anh: Freelancer

Nguyen, Phuong G.: ABC News

Nguyen, Viet Tien: Radio Free Asia

Nicolaidis, Virginia: CNN

Nielsen, John: National Public Radio

Niland, Marty: AP-Broadcast

Ninoseki, Yoshio: Fuji Television

Nishiumi, Setsu: Fuji Television

Nix, Jack: Washington News Network

Nixon, Adam: Freelancer

Nixon, Charles: WETA-TV

Noble, Jeff: CNN/TVS

Nocciolo, Ernest G.: CNN/TVS

Nocciolo, Valerie T.: CNN/TVS

Noce, Julie: European Broadcasting Union

Nolen, John: CBS News

[[Page 998]]

Nori, Joel: Capitol Pulse

Norins, Jamie: Potomac Television

Norland, Dean E.: ABC News

Norling, Richard: Freelancer

Norman, Dennis: CNN/TVS

Norris, Christopher: Freelancer

Norris, James F.: CNN/TVS

Norris, Michele: National Public Radio

Novy, Michele: Fox Newschannel

Nugroho, Irawan: Voice of America

Nurenberg, Gary: Freelancer

Nurnberger, Lisa: Voyage Productions

Nyane, Khin: Radio Free Asia

Nyberg, Pertti Mikael: MTV3 (Finland)

O'Berry, D. Kerry: Freelancer

O'Brien, David: Freelancer

O'Brien, John: Court TV (Metro Teleproductions)

O'Connell, Benjamin: C-SPAN

O'Connor, Thomas: Freelancer

O'Day, Andrew: CBS Marketwatch

O'Donell, Norah: NBC News

O'Donnell, Barry: Grace Digital Media

O'Donnell, Patrick: Freelancer

O'Hara, Victoria: National Public Radio

O'Keefe, Edward F.: ABC News

O'Leary, John F.: ABC News

O'Leary, John: CBC

O'Leary, Karen: CBC

O'Shea, Daniel J.: Freelancer

O'Toole, Quinn: National Public Radio

Oajacos, Anna: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Oates, Kim: WTOP2 (Federal News Radio)

Oberti, Ralf: Television Naciaonal De Chile (TVN)

Och, Philip: Fox Newschannel

Offerman, Claudia: German Television/ZDF

Ogata, Kerry: CNN

Oinonen, Tarja: Finnish Broadcasting

  Company (YLE)

Okita, Teri: CBS News

Olick, Diana: CNBC

Oliver, LaFontaine: Radio One

Ong, Ling: Freelancer

Oo, Thein H.: Radio Free Asia

Orchard, Mark: BBC

Orgel, Paul: C-SPAN

Orr, K. Robert: CBS News

Osborne, Kyle: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Osgood, Gabi: German Television/ZDF

Osman, Hafez: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Ota, Kazuhiko.: TV Asahi

Otsuka, Mika: TV Tokyo

Ottersbach, Cornelia: Deutsche Welle TV

Ouezada, Cristian: Video News Service

Overby, Peter: National Public Radio

Overdiek, Timotheus: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Owen, Andrea: ABC News

Owens, Cheryl: C-SPAN

Oziel, David: Washington News Network

Ozsancak, Hakan: APTN

Pacheco, Sarah: CNN/TVS

Page, David: CBC

Palca, Joe: National Public Radio

Pancoe, Virginia: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Pannell, Ian: BBC

Pantaze, Adrien: Freelancer

Panzer, Chester: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Pappas, Icarus N. (Ike): Washington News Network

Parenti, Alisa: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Parker, Beth: WTTG-Fox Television

Parker, Julie: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Parker, Shaun: Freelancer

Parker, Tanya: C-SPAN

Parks, Chadwick Ryan: NBC News

Parnell, Sara: The Washington Bureau

Parshall, Janet: SRN News (Salem)

Pastre, Dominique: Fox Newschannel

Patrick, Daniel: WUSA-TV

Patterson, George: Freelancer

Patterson, Pamela: Freelancer

Pauls, Hartmut: Freelancer

Paulsen, Beverley: Freelancer

Payne, Scott: Freelancer

Peacock, Grant: Freelancer

Peaks, Gershon: Reuters Television

Pearson, Hampton: CNBC

Pearson, Mark: Freelancer

Pegues, Susan Nippon TV Network

Peltier, Yves: CBC

Pena, Celinda: WUSA-TV

Penaloza, Marisa: National Public Radio

Penebre, Peter: Freelancer

Penniman, Judy: ABC News

Pennybacker, Gail: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Pennybacker, Jen: Ventana Productions

Perez, Ines I.: Freelancer

Pergram, Chad: Capitol Hill Bureau from PRI

Perkins, Veron K.: C-SPAN

Perl, Drora: Israel Army Radio/Galei-Tzahal

Perry, Andrea: C-SPAN

Peslis, Chris: Fox Newschannel

Pessin, Donald: Reuters Television

Peters, Michael: CNN/TVS

Peterson III, Robert J.: Freelancer

Peterson, Gordon: WUSA-TV

Peterson, James P.: Freelancer

Peterson, Kavan: Stateline.org

Peterson, Laura: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Peterson, Rebecca: CBS News

Peterson, Robert J.: Freelancer

Petras, William: NBC News

Pettit, Debra: NBC News

Pexton, Ken: Freelancer

Peyton, Michael: Freelancer

Pham, Jacqueline: Fox Newschannel

[[Page 999]]

Pham, Tran: ABC News

Phillips, Gurvir: WUSA-TV

Phillips, Nicole: Freelancer

Phillips, Steven: Reuters Television

Pickett, Paul: C-SPAN

Pickup, Michael: ABC News

Piedrahita, Ronald: Freelancer

Pierce, Maura: C-SPAN

Piette, Didier: European Broadcasting Union

Piltz, Eberhard: German Television/ZDF

Pinczuk, Murray: Freelancer

Pinkas, Boris: Freelancer

Pinto, Lauren: Austrian Radio ORF

Pinzon, Wingel: Telemundo Network

Piskounov, Eugene: Russian State TV and

  Radio (RTR)

Pitocco, Nickolas: C-SPAN

Pitra, Katharine: Public Affairs Television

  (Bill Moyers)

Pitsinger, Geraldine: Fox Newschannel

Pizarro, Fernando: Univision News

Plante, William: CBS News

Plater, Christopher: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Pletnikov, Stanislav: Russian State TV and

  Radio (RTR)

Plotkin, Mark: WTOP Radio

Poley, Michael: CNN

Popkin, James K.: NBC News

Popovic, Boris: Capitol Pulse

Porter, Almon L.: C-SPAN

Posey, Luther: CBS News

Potisk, Steven F.: AP-Broadcast

Potts, Nina-Maria: Feature Story News

Powell, Dennis: ABC News

Powell, Shannon: Fox Newschannel

Pozniak, Stephen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Prah, Pamela: Stateline.org

Pratt, Jim: WUSA-TV

Preloh, Anne: C-SPAN

Presutti, Carolyn: Belo Capital Bureau

Price, Steve: Freelancer

Primmer, Ryan: Freelancer

Prior, James R.: Native American Television

Privitera, Alexander: German Television

  N24/SAT 1

Puckett, Richard: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Pugliese, Pat: Freelancer

Quinn, Diana: CBS News

Quinn, Jason: Freelancer

Quinn, John D.: Worldnet Television

Quinn, Mary: ABC News

Quinnette, John Jay: CNN/TVS

Quinonez, Omar: Freelancer

Rabbage, Mark: BBC

Rabin, Mark: Freelancer

Racki, Jason D.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Rad, Ali: Freelancer

Rager, Bryan: Reuters Television

Rahal, Hugo: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Rahman, Nadia: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Rainey, R. Brian: Fox Newschannel

Ramos, Raul: Univision News

Rampy, Grant: Tribune Broadcasting

Ramshaw, Gregg: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Rarey, Richard Howell: National Public Radio

Rathner, Jeffrey: WETA-TV

Ratliff, Walter: APTN

Ratner, Ellen: Talk Radio News Service

Ratner, Victor: ABC News

Raval, Aditya: ABC News

Raval, Nikhil: C-SPAN

Ravin, Dan: CBS News

Ray, Branden: CNN

Ray, John: Feature Story News

Raymer, Katelynn Reckord: Nightly Business Report

Reagan, Cheryl: Grace Digital Media

Reals, Gary: WUSA-TV

Reals, Tucker: APTN

Reap, Patrick T.: CNN

Reaume, Greogory: CBC

Redding, William: ABC News

Reddoor, Charles: Native American Television

Redpath-Buckley, Julia: National Public Radio

Reese, Courtenay: NBC News

Reese, Orla: AP-Broadcast

Reeve, Richard: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Regan, James: C-SPAN

Reich, Sharon: Freelancer

Reilly, Robert: C-SPAN

Reimann, Fritz: Swiss Broadcasting

Reinsel, Ed: Freelancer

Reis, Sean: NBC News

Remillard, Michele: Fox Newschannel

Rensberger, Scott: TV2 Denmark

Repke, Amy: WUSA-TV

Reuter, Cynthia: C-SPAN

Reyes, Victor: Telemundo Network

Reynolds, Judy: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Reynolds, Robert: CNBC

Reynolds, Talesha: ABC News

Rhodes, Elizabeth: Fox Newschannel

Rice, Alan Gregory: NBC News

Rich, Lauren: Hearst-Argyle Television

Richard, Sylvain: CBC

Rickard, Michael: WTTG-Fox Television

Riese, Hans-Peter: German Broadcasting

  Systems/ARD

Riess, Steffanie: German Television/ZDF

Riggs, James W.: CNN/TVS

Riggs, Tyrone W.: CNN/TVS

Riha, Anne Marie: Fox Newschannel

Riley, Heather: CNN

Riner, Corbett: Fox Newschannel

Ritchie, Thomas: APTN

[[Page 1000]]

Rivero, Raul Jorge: WUSA-TV

Rizzolo, Lisa: Fox Newschannel

Roach, Amy: C-SPAN

Robach, Amy: WTTG-Fox Television

Robbins, Francisco: CBS News

Roberson, David: European Broadcasting Union

Roberson, Hilary: Irish Radio and Television (RTE)

Roberts, Corinne B.: ABC News

Roberts, John: CBS News

Roberts, Nathan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Roberts, Susan: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Robertson, Greg: CNN/TVS

Robinson, Daniel: Voice of America

Robinson, Douglas: Austrian Radio ORF

Robinson, Earle: Freelancer

Robinson, Laura: CNN

Robinson, Margaret: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Robinson, Querry: Fox Newschannel

Rocha, Juan: Ventana Productions

Rocha, Sam: RCN-TV (Colombia)

Roche, J. Michael: Freelancer

Rochelle, Carl: NBC News

Rockler, Julia: The Washington Bureau

Rockwood, Ryan: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Rodgers, William F.: Voice of America

Rodriguez, Janet: CNN

Rodriguez, Martine: C-SPAN

Rogers, Lauren: ABC News

Rogers, Nicole: Fox Newschannel

Rohrbeck, Douglas: Fox Newschannel

Rokus, Brian: CNN

Rollins, Bonnie: NBC Newschannel

Romilly, George: ABC News

Rommelmeyer, Pamela: SRN News (Salem)

Roof, Peter: Freelancer

Roome, Adrianna: Washington News Network

Rose, Francis: C-SPAN

Rose, Jeff: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rose, Joseph: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Roselli, H. Michael: CNN

Rosen, James: Fox Newschannel

Rosen, Rachel: CNN

Rosenbaum, Peter: Grace Digital Media

Rosenbaum, Thea: German Television/ARD

Rosenberg, Gary: ABC News

Rosenberg, Howard L.: ABC News

Rosenberg, James: Voyage Productions

Rosenberg, Jeffrey: National Public Radio

Rosgaard, Jessica: CNN

Rossetti-Meyer, Misa: Grace Digital Media

Rossignol, Florence: CTV-Canadian Television

Roston, Aram: Freelancer

Rotan, Eric: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Rotatori, Beth Ann: CNN

Rotchford, Karin: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Roth, Johnie F.: NBC News

Roth, Linda: CNN

Roth, Theodore: Freelancer

Rowe, Hildrun: German Television/ZDF

Rowe, Jo Ann: Rowe News Service

Rowe, Tom: Reuters Television

Royce, Lindy: CNN

Roycratt, David: WUSA-TV

Rozentals, Karina: BBC

Ruby, Tracy: C-SPAN

Rucci, Susan Ruth: CBS News

Rudd, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Ruddle, Richard: Native American Television

Rudin, Ken: National Public Radio

Ruggiero, Diane: CNN

Russell, Dedrick: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Russell, Eugene: WTTG-Fox Television

Russell, Roxanne: CBS News

Russert, Timothy: NBC News

Rutherford, John H.: NBC News

Ruttenberg, Margie: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Ryan, Emily: Hearst-Argyle Television

Ryan, Jason: ABC News

Ryan, Jennifer: WUSA-TV

Ryan, Marty: Fox Newschannel

Ryan, Mike: Potomac Television

Rysak, Francis David: WTTG-Fox Television

Saal, Matthew: NBC News

Sable, Julia: Radio Free Asia

Sabo, Lara: Belo Capital Bureau

Saffelle, Jeffrey Lynn: Global TV Canada

Sagalyn, Daniel: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Saiciuc, Doina: Romanian Radio

Sala, Salvador: Cataluna TV/TV3

Sales, Leigh: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Salinas, Mary Alice: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Salkoff, Brooke-Hart: NBC Newschannel

Salvador, Steve: CNN

Sampy, David: Independent Television News (ITN)

Sanchez, Pablo: Univision News

Sanders-Smith, Sherry: C-SPAN

Sandiford, Michele: C-SPAN

Sandy, David: Freelancer

Sanfuentes, Jose A.: NBC News

Santana, Elvira: APTN

Santer, Sarah: Fox Newschannel

Santos, Augusto: CNN

Santos, Jeff: Regional News Network

Santos, Jose: Belo Capital Bureau

Sargeant, Nancy Lyons: AP-Broadcast

Sargent, Mark: WTTG-Fox Television

Sarkisian, Vatche: MBC-TV (Middle East Broadcast Center).

Sarmiento, Domingo: CNN

Sarvamaa, Petri: Finnish Broadcasting

  Company (YLE)

Sasson, Aaron: Freelancer

Satchell, David: WUSA-TV

Sathianarayanan, Ranjini: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Saunders, Kevin: Capitol Pulse

[[Page 1001]]

Savage, Craig: Fox Newschannel

Savoy, Greg: Global TV Canada

Sawka, Andrew Nippon TV Network

Scanlan, Bill: C-SPAN

Scanlon, Jason: Fox Newschannel

Scanlon, Mary: C-SPAN

Schaefer, Eugenia: NBC News

Schaefer, James: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Schaff, Michael: CBC

Schalch, Kathleen: National Public Radio

Schall, Fred: Freelancer

Schantz, Kristine K.: CNN

Scharf, Jason: APTN

Schaverien, Natalie: BBC

Schenardoah, Michelle: Native American Television

Scherer, David: CNN/TVS

Scheschkewitz, Daniel: Deutsche Welle TV

Scheuer, John: C-SPAN

Scheuer, Stefan: German Television/ARD

Schiavone, Louise: CNN

Schiefer, Bob: CBS News

Schiff, Brian R.: Voice of America

Schifferis, Stephen: BBC

Schiller, Vivian: Discovery Times Channel

Schindler, Max: NBC News

Schlachter, Therese: Freelancer

Schlegel, Barry C.: CNN/TVS

Schleicher, Anne M.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Schlesinger, Patricia: German Television/ARD

Schloemer, Hans-Peter: Freelancer

Schlosberg, Andrew: TV Tokyo

Schneider, Inka: German Television/ARD

Schoene, Philip: WETA-TV

Schoenholtz, Howard: ABC News

Schoenmann, Donald: Viewpoint Communications

Schroeder, Anne: CNN

Schuiten, Jeroen: European Broadcasting Union

Schule, James R.: Fox Newschannel

Schulken, Sonja Deaner: Tribune Broadcasting

Schulte-Ebbert, Martin: German Television/ARD

Schultz, James J.: Fox Newschannel

Schultz, Ronald: Hearst-Argyle Television

Schultz, Teri: Fox Newschannel

Schultz-Burkel, Gunnar: German Broadcasting Systems/ARD

Schultze, F. Kevin: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Schumaker, Carrie: AP-Broadcast

Schwarte, Georg: German Television/ARD

Schwartz, Harry Andrew: Fox Newschannel

Schweiger, Ellen: C-SPAN

Schweitzer, Gareth: Talk Radio News Service

Schweitzer, Murray H.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Scicchitano, Carmine: NBC News

Scott, Amy E.: Marketplace Radio

Scott, Graham: Austrian Radio ORF

Scott, Harry Lee: Radio Free Asia

Scott, Ivan: Freelancer

Scott, Linda J.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Scott, Michael: ABC News

Scott, Raquel: CNN

Scott, Sarah: Freelancer

Scruggs, Wesley: NBC News

Scuderi, Donna: SRN News (Salem)

Scullin, Robin: C-SPAN

Scully, Steven: C-SPAN

Seabrook, Andrea: National Public Radio

Seabrook, Willliam: WETA-TV

Sears, Carl V.: NBC News

Seem, Thomas H.: CBS News

Segraves, Mark: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Seidman, Joel: NBC News

Seium, Michael: Washington News Network

Selma, Reginald G: CNN/TVS

Serafin, Barry: ABC News

Serensits, Joseph: ABC News

Sergay, Richard G.: ABC News

Serna, Adriana Ahmad: CMI Television (Colombia)

Serper, Noelle: Religion & Ethics Newsweekly

Serrell, Gene Paul: CBC

Settle, Jeremy: WUSA-TV

Sewell, Leslie: Freelancer

Seymour, Allison: WTTG-Fox Television

Shaffir, Kimberlee: CBS News

Shalhoup, Joseph: NBC News

Shand, Christina: Fox Newschannel

Shand, Susan: Freelancer

Shannon, Dennis: CBS News

Shapiro, Joseph: National Public Radio

Shastri, Namgyal: Voice of America

Shattuck, Megan: CNN

Shaughnessy, Lawrence: Freelancer

Shaul, Lisa: CNN

Shaw, Heather: CNN

Shaw, Larry: ABC News

Shedrick, Daniel: APTN

Shelton, Steve: Fox Newschannel

Shenandoah, Joanne: Native American Television

Shepherd, Sarah: CNN

Sherman, Keisha L.: Freelancer

Sherwood, Tom: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Shih, Che-Wei: TVBS

Shine, Thomas Andrew: ABC News

Shire, Robert: Freelancer

Shively, Caroline: Freelancer

Shlemon, Chris: Independent Television

  News (ITN)

Shockley, Milton T.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Shoffner, Harry: Freelancer

Shon, Robert: WTTG-Fox Television

Shott, David: Fox Newschannel

Shovelan, John: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Showell, Andre: Freelancer

Shuster, David: NBC News

Shwe, Nyein: Radio Free Asia

Shweiki, Stephanie: Swiss Broadcasting

[[Page 1002]]

Sicoli, Dean: CNN

Sides, James E.: C-SPAN

Sieg, Betareh: Voice of America

Siegel, Robert: National Public Radio

Siegfriedt, Anita: C-SPAN

Sierra, Joann: CNN

Silberbrandt, Allan: TV2 Denmark

Silberner, Joanne: National Public Radio

Silman, Jimmie: WUSA-TV

Silver, Darwin: WETA-TV

Silver, David: Freelancer

Silver, Janet E.: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Silver, Torri: Prince George's Community Television

Silverberg, Hank: WTOP Radio

Silverman, Kip: Freelancer

Silverthorne, Robert: Freelancer

Simeone, Nick: Voice of America

Simmons, Jane Adams: CNBC

Simmons, Y. Sean: Freelancer

Simon, Laura D.: Radio France

Simons, John: CNN/TVS

Simpson, Carole: ABC News

Simpson, Gary: C-SPAN

Simpson, Ross: AP-Broadcast

Singer, Lauren: NBC News

Singleton, Erica L.: Prince George's Community Television

Sinn, Patricia: Cataluna TV/TV3

Sirgany, Aleen: CBS News

Sisco, Paul: Freelancer

Sit, David C.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Skeans, Ronald: Grace Digital Media

Skehan, Andrea Roane: WUSA-TV

Skomal, Paul: Freelancer

Slade, Jim: ABC News

Slattery, Julie: Bloomberg Television

Slen, Peter: C-SPAN

Slewka, Stephanie: Freelancer

Slie, Charles: Freelancer

Sloane, Ward C.: CBS News

Slobogin, Kathy: CNN

Slone, Sean: C-SPAN

Small, Matt: AP-Broadcast

Small, William: Bloomberg Television

Smee, Bill: Discovery Times Channel

Smelser, Judith: Feature Story News

Smith, Bob: CNN

Smith, Candace: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Carroll: CNN/TVS

Smith, David: Independent Television News (ITN)

Smith, Hedrick: Hedrick Smith Productions/Frontline

Smith, Jason H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Smith, Mark S.: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Philip: Belo Capital Bureau

Smith, Raeshawn: Freelancer

Smith, Shirley: AP-Broadcast

Smith, Stephanie: Capitol Pulse

Smith, Terence: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Smith, William: Hearst-Argyle Television

Sneed, Kimberly: NBC News

Snow, Kate: CNN

Snow, Tony: Fox Newschannel

Sobola, Michael: Ventana Productions

Soh, June: Voice of America

Sokolova, Elena: Russian State TV and

  Radio (RTR)

Solorzano, Gilbert: Freelancer

Soltysiak, Tansy: CNN

Soneira, Robert: Freelancer

Sorenson, Randall: Freelancer

Soucy, Peggy: European Broadcasting Union

Southern, Joel L: Alaska Public Radio Network

Southworth, Cal R.: National Public Radio

Sozio, George: Freelancer

Spain, Thomas: CNN/TVS

Speck, Alan: C-SPAN

Spector, Teresa: Fox Newschannel

Speer, John C.: National Public Radio

Speights, Eric V.: ABC News

Speiser, Matthew: CNN

Spektor, Eleanor: CNN

Spellman, Jim: CNN

Spelman, Paul: Hearst-Argyle Television

Spence, Robert: C-SPAN

Spencer, Christina M.: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Spencer, Darcy: Freelancer

Sperrozza, Diana: Discovery Times Channel

Spevak, Joe: WTTG-Fox Television

Spire, Richard H.: CBS News

Spoerry, Philip: CNN

Sponder, Myron: Talk Radio News Service

Sproul, Robin: ABC News

St. James, Greg: C-SPAN

St. John, Jonathan: CNN

St. Onge, Derek: CNN/TVS

St. Pierre, Christine: CBC

Stage, Tina: Bloomberg Television

Stanford, David E.: CBS News

Stang, Tim: Bloomberg Television

Starddard, Gregory: WUSA-TV

Stark, Lisa: ABC News

Starks, Bill: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Starling, Walter: Freelancer

Staton, Thomas: Freelancer

Statter, Louis: WUSA-TV

Staude, Linda: German Television/ARD

Staude, Vaar: TV2 NORWAY

Stavitsky, Irina: APTN

Stearns, Scott: Voice of America

Stein, Cari: To the Contrary (Persephone Productions)

Stellabotta, Nancy: CBC

Stephanopoulos, George: ABC News

[[Page 1003]]

Stephens, Mark: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Stepney, Eric: C-SPAN

Stetson, Chris: Fox Newschannel

Steuart, Elizabeth: NBC News

Stevenson, Carrie: CNN

Stevenson, Louis: WTTG-Fox Television

Steverson, Simone: National Public Radio

Stewart, Andrew: SRN News (Salem)

Stewart, James D.: CBS News

Stewart, Robin A.: Ventana Productions

Stirland, Sarah: Capitol Pulse

Stix, Gabriel: CBS News

Stoddard, Rick: C-SPAN

Stolley, Anna: Fox Newschannel

Stone, Carolyn: CNN/TVS

Storper, David: C-SPAN

Strand, Paul L.: CBC

Strass, Nina: AP-Broadcast

Strickland, Kenneth: NBC News

Stringer, Ashley: Grace Digital Media

Strong, David: Freelancer

Stubblefield, Abraham: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Stubbs, James: CNN/TVS

Stultz, Amanda: Reuters Television

Stumpo, Donald: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sturgis, Lisa C.: Fox Newschannel

Styles, Julian: CNN

Suarez, Fernando J.: CBS News

Suarez, Rafael A.: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Suddeth, Rick: Freelancer

Suh, Young-Ho: MBC-TV Korea (Munhwa)

Suissa, Jimmy: CNN/TVS

Sullivan, Virginia L.: National Public Radio

Summers, Elizabeth: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Summers, Patrick: Fox Newschannel

Surbey, Jason: C-SPAN

Surc, Matej: RTV Slovenija

Sutherland, Leigh: NBC News

Suto, Ena.: TV Asahi

Swain, Jayme: Freelancer

Swain, Susan M.: C-SPAN

Swain, Todd M.: Mobile Video Services

Swanier, Sherrell: CNN

Swann, Michael: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Sweeney, David: National Public Radio

Sweet, Mark: CNN

Sweetapple, Dan: Australian Broadcasting Corporation

Sylvester, Lisa B.: ABC News

Syrjanen, Janne: Freelancer

Szaroleta, Marjorie: AP-Broadcast

Szechenyi, Nicholas: Fuji Television

Tabata, Tadashi.: TV ASAHI

Tabbs, Kelvin: Freelancer

Taglienti, Ernie: Freelancer

Tait, Ted: BBC

Taiton, Abbi: CNN

Takahashi, Yusuke: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Takashima, Hajime.: TV Asahi

Talley, Stephen: Capitol Pulse

Tamboli, Jay: Talk Radio News Service

Tamerlani, George: Reuters Television

Tan, Janet: Radio Free Asia

Tarrant, Philippa: BBC

Tate, Deborah: Voice of America

Taylor, Allyson Ross: CBS News

Taylor, Daniel: CNN/TVS

Taylor, Tanisha N.: WUSA-TV

Teboe, Mark: Freelancer

Teeples, Joseph: C-SPAN

Tendencia, Editha: European Broadcasting Union

Terrell-Heath, Angela: Nightly Business Report

Terry, Janet: WUSA-TV

Teshima, Ryuichi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Thakral, Shelley: BBC

Thalman, Mark: Ventana Productions

Than, Hla Hla: Voice of America

Thanos, Georgeanne: ABC News

Thinn, Soe: Radio Free Asia

Thoman, Eric: C-SPAN

Thomas, Amy Jo: ABC News

Thomas, Andrew: Freelancer

Thomas, Bert: Fox Newschannel

Thomas, Evelyn: CBS News

Thomas, Gary P.: Voice of America

Thomas, Jeanette: BBC

Thomas, Kenneth: Freelancer

Thomas, Marguerie: Talk Radio News Service

Thomas, Pierre G.: ABC News

Thomas, Sharahn: National Public Radio

Thomas, Shari: Freelancer

Thomas, Valerie: CBC

Thomas, Will: WTTG-Fox Television

Thompson, Jerry: CNN/TVS

Thompson, Jr., Joseph: Freelancer

Thompson, Margita: CNN

Thompson, Ron: Radio One

Thornton, Theodore: Freelancer

Till, Morgan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Tiller, Arthur: C-SPAN

Tillery, Richard: The Washington Bureau

Tillman, Thomas E.: CBS News

Tilman, Ai Nippon TV Network

Tilman, Brandon: C-SPAN

Tin, Annie: C-SPAN

Tinnefeld, Norbert: German Television/ARD

Tobias, Ed: AP-Broadcast

Todd, Brian: CNN

Tofani, Jeffrey T.: Voice of America

Tolliver, Terri: WTTG-Fox Television

Tollkuhn, Eckhard: Freelancer

Tollkuhn, Felicity: Austrian Radio ORF

Tomko, Joe: Video News Service

Tomko, Stephen: Video News Service

Tomlinson, Kathy: CTV-Canadian Television

[[Page 1004]]

Tong, Scott: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Topgyal, Benpa: Radio Free Asia

Torgenson, Ande: Fox Newschannel

Torvalds, Nils: Finnish Broadcasting

  Company (YLE)

Totenberg, Nina: National Public Radio

Touhey, Emmanuel: C-SPAN

Toulouse, Anne: Reuters Television

Trammell, Michael: WUSA-TV

Travis, Scott: Freelancer

Traynham, Peter C.: CBS News

Trengrove, James: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Triay, Andres P.: CBS News

Trivic, Branka: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Truitt, Susan: WUSA-TV

Trujillo, Alicia: BBC

Tschida, Stephen: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Tucker, Elke: German Television/ZDF

Tuel, Ted: Nightly Business Report

Tully, Andrew: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty

Tuohey, Kenneth: CNN/TVS

Tureck, Matthew: NBC Newschannel

Turner, Al Douglas: ABC News

Turner, Martin: BBC

Turner, Renee: Freelancer

Turner, Terry: Freelancer

Turnham, Steve: CNN

Tursun, Nabijan: Radio Free Asia

Tutman, Dan D.: CBS News

Tyler, Laurence: CNN/TVS

Tyler, Raven: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Tyler, Thomas J.: CNN/TVS

Tzemach, Gayle: ABC News

Uchimiya, Ellen: Fox Newschannel

Udenans, Vija: ABC News

Uhl, Kim: CNN/TVS

Ulery, Brad: APTN

Uliano, Richard J.: CNN Radio

Ulloa, Victor: CBS News

Umeh, Maureen: WTTG-Fox Television

Umrani, Anthony R.: CNN/TVS

Urbina, Adrienne: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Urbina, Luis: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Ure, Laurie: CNN

Usaeva, Nadia: Radio Free Asia

Valcarrel, Gus: APTN

Valderrama, Anna: Reuters Television

Vallese, Julie: CNN

Vample, Ron: AP-Broadcast

van den Nieuwendijk, Hans: NOS Dutch Public Broadcasting

Van Susteren, Greta: Fox Newschannel

Van der Bellen, Erin: WRC-TV/NBC-4

VanArsdale, Vicki: Bloomberg Television

Vance, Denise: APTN

Vance, Jim: WRC-TV/NBC-4

VanderVeen, Lawrence: Mobile Video Services

VanderVeen, Paul: Freelancer

Vaughan, Scott: Freelancer

Vecchione, Allan: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Vennell, Vicki: ABC News

Vergara, Sandra: RCN-TV (Colombia)

Veronelli, Alessio: Swiss Broadcasting

Vicario, Virginia A.: ABC News

Vicary, Lauren H.: AP-Broadcast

Vines, Andrew: The Washington Bureau

Vinson, Bryce: Fox Newschannel

Viqueira, Michael J.: NBC News

Visioli, Todd: Fox Newschannel

Vizcarra, Mario: Univision News

von Brocke-Doman, Evelin: Freelancer

Vorachak, Phaysarn: Radio Free Asia

Voth, Charles: WETA-TV

Voughn, Michael: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Vukmer, David: NBC News

Wagner, Martin: German Public Radio/ARD

Wagner, Paul: WTTG-Fox Television

Wailand, Kate: CNN

Walde, Thomas: German Television/ZDF

Walker, Brian: APTN

Walker, James William: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Walker, Joey Daniel: CNN/TVS

Walker, Tom.: Dispatch Broadcast Group

Wallace, John L.: Fox Newschannel

Wallace, Zelda: Cox Broadcasting

Walsh, Deirdre: CNN

Walsh, Mary E.: CBS News

Walter, Mike: USA Today Live

Walters, Del: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Walton, J. N'oeyz: Freelancer

Walz, Mark: CNN/TVS

Wang, April: Radio Free Asia

Waqfi, Wajd: Al-Jazeera TV/Peninsula

Ward, Derrick: WTOP Radio

Warehime, Keith: C-SPAN

Warner, Craig: CBS News

Warner, Margaret: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Warner, Tarik: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Washburn, Kevin: C-SPAN

Washington, Erik: CBS News

Washington, Ervin: Nightly Business Report

Wasserman, Michele: Hamilton Productions

Waters, Hunter: CNN

Watkins, Duane: WTTG-Fox Television

Watrel, Jane: Freelancer

Watrud, Don: WTTG-Fox Television

Watson, Robert: BBC

Watts, Michael: CNN

Wauzer, John S.: Freelancer

Waxler, Gary: Freelancer

Webb, David: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Webb, Justin Oliver: BBC

Webster, Aaron S.: Freelancer

Weglarczyk, Izabela BBC Polish Section

Wehinger, Amy: Fox Newschannel

[[Page 1005]]

Wei, J. Naghshineh: Talk Radio News Service

Wei, Jing: Phoenix Satellite Television

Weidenbosch, Glenn E.: ABC News

Weilhammer, Francoise: Swiss Broadcasting

Weiner, Eric: Tokyo Broadcasting System

Weiner, Nancy: ABC News

Weinfeld, Michael: AP-Broadcast

Weininger, Alexandria: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Weinstein, Richard: C-SPAN

Weisman, Josh: Fox Newschannel

Weiss, Jason: Medill News Service

Weisskopf, Arlene: Freelancer

Weldonm, Jody: Sinclair Broadcast Group

Wells, Courtney: Fox Newschannel

Welna, David: National Public Radio

Wendy, Carla: Fox Newschannel

Werner, Dan: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Wertheimer, Linda C.: National Public Radio

Wheeler, Danette: NBC News

Wheelock, Robert: ABC News

Whelton, Danielle: CNN

White, Lauren Harris: Hearst-Argyle Television

Whiteman, Doug: AP-Broadcast

Whitley, Walter: Fox Newschannel

Whitney, Ian: Washington Bureau News Service

Whitney, Michael: Washington Bureau

  News Service

Whittington, Christopher: NBC News

Widmer, Christopher: CBS News

Wiesen, Stefan: Freelancer

Wik, Snorre: NBC Newschannel

Wildman, James: National Public Radio

Wilk, Wendy: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkes, Douglas H.: WTTG-Fox Television

Wilkinson, Wendla: NBC News

Will, George: ABC News

Williams, Candace A.: Voice of America

Williams, Daniel: SKY NEWS

Williams, David E.: CNN

Williams, Derek: WTOP Radio

Williams, Jeffrey L: Cox Broadcasting.

Williams, John: Freelancer

Williams, Juan: National Public Radio

Williams, Keith: WUSA-TV

Williams, LaTanya: C-SPAN

Williams, Louis A.: NBC News

Williams, Michael: NBC Newschannel

Williams, Robert T: NBC News

Williams, Steven: Freelancer

Williams, Wendell: Metro Networks

Willingham, Valerie A.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Willis, Anne Marie: Fox Newschannel

Willis, Judy: Newshour with Jim Lehrer

Wilmeth, Mary: NBC News

Wilner, Elizabeth: ABC News

Wilson, Brian: Fox Newschannel

Wilson, Edwin: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wilson, George: Radio One

Wilson, John: AP-Broadcast

Wilson, Justin: C-SPAN

Wilson, Kristin: Freelancer

Wilson, Leigh: CBS News

Wilson, Marcus: ABC News

Wilson, Mark: CBS News

Wilson, Stephanie: WUSA-TV

Wilson, Toni: CNN

Windham, Ronald: Tribune Broadcasting

Winslow, David: AP-Broadcast

Winterhalter, Ruthann: C-SPAN

Winters, Paul: C-SPAN

Winthrop, Tony: Freelancer

Witte, Joel: Ventana Productions

Witten, Robert: NBC News

Wittstock, Melinda: Capitol Hill Bureau from PRI

Wixted, Kathleen: C-SPAN

Woerner, Holly: ABC News

Wolfe, Lisa: WTOP Radio

Wolfe, Randy: NBC Newschannel

Wolff, Sarah: CBS News

Wolfson, Charles: CBS News

Wolfson, Paula: Voice of America

Wood, Alden: CBS News

Wood, Barry: Voice of America

Wood, Christopher: C-SPAN

Wood, Wayne C.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Woodard, Alicia C.: WTTG-Fox Television

Woodruff, Judy: CNN

Woods, Stephanie: Nightly Business Report

Woolman, Shiloh: Bloomberg Television

Wordock, Colleen: Bloomberg Television

Wordock, John: CBS Marketwatch

Worth, Barbara: AP-Broadcast

Worthy, Cardozar: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wotring, Melanie: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wright, Brad: CNN

Wright, Christopher: Fox Newschannel

Wright, Cindy: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wright, Dale: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Wright, Kelly: Fox Newschannel

Wu, Hsiang-San: Taiwan Television

Xiao, Yan: Phoenix Satellite Television

Xu, Susie: CNN

Yaklyvich, Brian: CNN/TVS

Yam, Raymond: Voice of America

Yamakawa, Madoka: Fuji Television

Yamamura, Mitsuru: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Yamashita, Takeshi: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Yancy, Shawn: WTTG-Fox Television

Yang, Carter: CBS News

Yang, Eun: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Yang, Sungwon: Radio Free Asia

Yao, Charlene: Formosa TV

Ydstie, John: National Public Radio.

Ye, Mary: Radio Free Asia

[[Page 1006]]

Yektafar, Babak: C-SPAN

Yeshi, Lobsang: Radio Free Asia

Yianopoulos, Karen: NBC News

Yingling, Rob: Freelancer

Yoon, Robert: CNN

Young, Bob: Freelancer

Young, Jerome: CBC

Young, Melissa: ABC News

Young, Paul: Freelancer

Young, Rick: Hedrick Smith Productions/Frontline

Young, Saundra: CNN

Yu, Minjung Nippon TV Network

Yui, Hideki: NHK-Japan Broadcasting

Yuille, Jennifer: CNN

Zang, Guohua: CTI-TV (China)

Zayed, Nahedah: Fox Newschannel

Zeffler, Markus: German Television N24/SAT 1

Zervos, Stratis: Freelancer

Zhang, Huchen: Voice of America

Zhang, Jing: Voice of America

Zheng, Yeeli Hua: Phoenix Satellite Television

Zhou, Zhou: Phoenix Satellite Television

Zhuo, Qun: WETA-TV

Zilberstein, Shirley: CNN

Zmidzinski, Andrew: WJLA-TV/Newschannel 8

Zodun, Albert N.: WRC-TV/NBC-4

Zosso, Elizabeth: CNN/TVS

Zumwalt, Maya: Fox Newschannel

Zurkhang, Karma: Radio Free Asia

Zvaners, Martins: Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty


