

Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), August 2004. - 


Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), August 2004.
[Pages 937-965]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES*

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
    Deputy Director.--Joan McKinney
        Senior Media Coordinator.--Merri I. Baker
            Media Coordinators:
  James D. Saris
  Wendy A. Oscarson
Amy M. Harkins

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

            The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945, 225-6722

Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
    Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
        Assistant Superintendents:
Emily T. Dupree
Drew Cannon
Ric Andersen
Laura Reed

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Scott Shepard, Cox News 
                                                Service, Chairman
                                            Jack Torry, Columbus 
                                                Dispatch, Secretary
                                            Jim Drinkard, USA Today
                                            Mary Agnes Carey, 
                                                Congressional Quarterly
                                            Jesse Holland, The 
                                                Associated Press
                                 ________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule 34 of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bona fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.

[[Page 938]]

    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall admit to the galleries no person who does not establish to the 
satisfaction of the Standing Committee all of the following:
    (a) That his or her principal income is obtained from news 
correspondence intended for publication in newspapers entitled to 
second-class mailing privileges.
    (b) That he or she is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the galleries.
    (c) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the galleries.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no change 
or changes in these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not 
less than 100 accredited members of the galleries.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 939]]

                      MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ADMISSION

                             PRESS GALLERIES

Abbott, Charles: Reuters

Abboud, Leila: Wall Street Journal

Abell, John: Reuters

Abrahms, Douglas: Gannett News Service

Abrams, James: Associated Press

Abramson, Jill: New York Times

Ackerman, Liza: Congressional Quarterly

Adair, William: St. Petersburg Times

Adams, Rebecca: Congressional Quarterly

Adcock, Beryl: Knight Ridder

Agres, Theodore: Washington Times

Ahmann, Timothy: Reuters

Aida, Hirotsugu: Kyodo News

Akashi, Kazuyasu: Jiji Press

Akita, Hiroyuki: Nikkei

Albanesius, Chloe: National Journal's

  Technology Daily

Alday, Ricardo: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Alden, Edward: Financial Times

Aldinger, Charles: Reuters

Alexander, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Alexander, Charles: Reuters

Aljadi, Adnan: Kuwait News Agency

Allen, JoAnne: Reuters

Allen, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Allen, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Allen, Michael: Washington Post

Allen, Victoria: Reuters

Allen, III, Charles: Bloomberg News

Alonso-Zaldivar, Ricardo: Los Angeles Times

Alpert, Bruce: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Al-Sowayel, Naila: Saudi Press Agency

Amano, Masashi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ambrose, Jay: Scripps Howard News Service

Amosu, Akwe: AllAfrica.com

Anason, Dean: American Banker

Anderson, Curt: Associated Press

Anderson, Nick: Los Angeles Times

Anderson, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Andrejczak, Matt: CBS MarketWatch

Andrews, Caesar: Gannett News Service

Andrews, Edmund: New York Times

Angle, Martha: Congressional Quarterly

Anidjar, Patrick: Agence France-Presse

Anklam, Jr., Fred: USA Today

Anselmo, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Aoki, Masaaki: Kyodo News

Appleby, Julie: USA Today

Archibald, George: Washington Times

Armas, Genaro: Associated Press

Arnold, Laurence: Associated Press

Arnone, Michael: Chronicle of Higher Education

Arthur, William: Bloomberg News

Asher, James: Knight Ridder

Asher, Julie: Catholic News Service

Asher, Robert: Washington Post

Ashizuka, Tomoko: Nikkei

Aslam, Abid: AFX News

Asseo, Laurie: Bloomberg News

Atallah, Ayda: Financial Times

Aukofer, Frank: Artists & Writers Syndicate

Aulston, Von: New York Times

Auster, Elizabeth: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Austin, Janet: Congressional Quarterly

Aversa, Jeannine: Associated Press

Aziakou, Gerard: Agence France-Presse

Azpiazu, Maria: EFE News Services

Babington, Charles: Washington Post

Bachelet, Pablo: Reuters

Backover, Andrew: USA Today

Bacon, John: USA Today

Baer, Susan: Baltimore Sun

Bailey, Ruby: Detroit Free Press

Baker, Chris: Washington Times

Baker, Frank: Associated Press

Baker, Gerard: Financial Times

Baldor, Lolita: Associated Press

Ball, Micheal: Energy Argus

Balluck, Kyle: WashingtonPost.com

Baltimore, Chris: Reuters

Balz, Daniel: Washington Post

Banales, Jorge: Congressional Quarterly

Banales, Jorge: EFE News Services

Banks, Adelle: Religion News Service

Barazia, Virginia: Congressional Quarterly

Barbara, Philip: Reuters

Barbaro, Michael: Washington Post

Barfield Berry, Deborah: Newsday

Barker, Jeffrey: Baltimore Sun

Barnett, James: Oregonian

Barnett, Pamela: CongressDaily

Barollier, Pascal: Agence France-Presse

Barr, Gary: Washington Post

Barrera, Ruben: Notimex Mexican News Agency

Barrett, Devlin: Associated Press

Barrett, Greg: Gannett News Service

Barrett, Terrence: Bloomberg News

Barry, Theresa: Bloomberg News

Barshay, Jill: Congressional Quarterly

Bartash, Jeffrey: CBS MarketWatch

[[Page 940]]

Barton, Paul: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Bashir, Mustafa: Saudi Press Agency

Basken, Paul: Bloomberg News

Bater, Jeffrey: Dow Jones Newswires

Batt, Tony: Stephens Media Group

Battaile, Janet: New York Times

Baumgardner, Neil: Defense Daily

Baygents, Ronald: Kuwait News Agency

Baylin, Joshua: Bloomberg News

Bazinet, Kenneth: New York Daily News

Beattie, Alan: Financial Times

Beattie, Jeff: Energy Daily

Beck, Ellen: United Press International

Beck, Tobin: United Press International

Becker, Elizabeth: New York Times

Beckner, Erica: Market News International

Beckner, Steven: Market News International

Beddall, Katherine: Agence France-Presse

Beech, Eric: Reuters

Begos, Jr., Kevin: Winston-Salem Journal

Behn, Sharon: Washington Times

Behr, Peter: Washington Post

Bendavid, Naftali: Chicago Tribune

Benedetto, Richard: USA Today

Benenson, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Benincasa, Robert: Gannett News Service

Benjamin, Mark: United Press International

Benkelman, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Benson, Miles: Newhouse News Service

Benton, Nell: Congressional Quarterly

Berardelli, Phil: United Press International

Berke, Richard: New York Times

Berry, John: Washington Post

Bethel, Alison: Detroit News

Bettelheim, Adriel: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, Arwen: Congressional Quarterly

Bicknell, John: Congressional Quarterly

Bilski, Christina: Nikkei

Binder, David: New York Times

Bishop, Ian: Lowell Sun Media News Group

Bishop, Sam: Fairbanks Daily News Miner

Biskupic, Joan: USA Today

Bivins, Larry: Gannett News Service

Bjerga, Alan: Wichita Eagle

Blackwell, Rob: American Banker

Bland, Melissa: Reuters

Blankley, Tony: Washington Times

Bliss, Jeffrey: Bloomberg News

Bliss, Lynn: Dow Jones Newswires

Block, Sandra: USA Today

Blomquist, Brian: New York Post

Blum, Justin: Washington Post

Blumenthal, Les: McClatchy Newspapers

Bohan, Caren: Reuters

Bold, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Boliek, Brooks: Hollywood Reporter

Bonilla, Laura: Agence France-Presse

Bono, Agostino: Catholic News Service

Boodhoo, Niaia: Reuters

Borenstein, Seth: Knight Ridder

Borger, Julian: London Guardian

Borkowski, Monica: New York Times

Borrego, Anne Marie: Chronicle of Higher Education

Bosman, Julie: New York Times

Bosworth, Geoffrey: Congressional Quarterly

Boudreau, Wendy: Congressional Quarterly

Bourge, Christian: United Press International

Bovee, Timothy: Associated Press

Bowers, Faye: Christian Science Monitor

Bowman, Curtis Lee: Scripps Howard News Service

Bowman, Tom: Baltimore Sun

Boyd, Robert: Knight Ridder

Brady, Erik: USA Today

Brainard, Jeffrey: Chronicle of Higher Education

Branch-Brioso, Karen: St. Louis Post Dispatch

Brasher, Philip: Des Moines Register

Braun, Stephen: Los Angeles Times

Bravin, Jess: Wall Street Journal

Bremner, Faith: Gannett News Service

Briand, Xavier: Reuters

Bridis, Ted: Associated Press

Brinkley, Joel: New York Times

Bristol, Nellie: Health News Daily

Brock, Gregory: New York Times

Broder, David: Washington Post

Broder, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Brodmann, Ronald: Congressional Quarterly

Brodsky, Arthur: Congressional Quarterly

Brogan, Pamela: Gannett News Service

Brooks, David: La Jornada

Brosnan, James: Scripps Howard News Service

Brown, Andrew: Knight Ridder

Brown, David: Washington Post

Brown, Rene: Hartford Courant

Brownstein, Ronald: Los Angeles Times

Brune, Thomas: Newsday

Bumiller, Elisabeth: New York Times

Bunis, Dena: Orange County Register

Burd, Stephen: Chronicle of Higher Education

Burke, Alecia: Congressional Quarterly

Burns, Judith: Dow Jones Newswires

Burns, Robert: Associated Press

Burns, Susan: Cox Newspapers

Bustos, Sergio: Gannett News Service

Butler, Amy: Bloomberg News

Butler, David: Congressional Quarterly

Butler, Steven: Knight Ridder

Butters, Patrick: Scripps Howard News Service

Cahir, William: Newhouse News Service

Calamur, Krishnadev: United Press International

Calmes, Jackie: Wall Street Journal

Camia, Catalina: Gannett News Service

Camire, Dennis: Gannett News Service

Campbell, Chris: Scripps Howard News Service

[[Page 941]]

Canan, Micheal: Scripps Howard News Service

Canas, Rafael: EFE News Services

Canellos, Peter: Boston Globe

Canizares, Alex: Bloomberg News

Cantlupe, Joe: Copley News Service

Capaccio, Anthony: Bloomberg News

Caplan, Abby: Energy Argus

Cardman, Michael: Education Daily

Caretto, Ennio: Il Corriere Della Sera

Carey, Mary Agnes: Congressional Quarterly

Carnevale, Dan: Chronicle of Higher Education

Carnevale, Mary: Wall Street Journal

Carney, David: Tech Law Journal

Carr, Rebecca: Cox Newspapers

Carreno, Jose: El Universal

Carroll, James: Congressional Quarterly

Carroll, James: Louisville Courier Journal

Carroll, Rebecca: Associated Press

Carter, Thomas: Washington Times

Cason, James: La Jornada

Casper, Lucian: Basler Zeitung

Cass, Connie: Associated Press

Casteel, Chris: Daily Oklahoman

Cazalas, Robert: Congressional Information Bureau

Chaddock, Gail: Christian Science Monitor

Chaffin, Joshua: Financial Times

Chambliss, Eva Lauren: London Evening Standard

Chang, Tsung-Chih: United Daily News

Charles, Deborah: Reuters

Chase, Katharine: Education Daily

Chatterjee, Sumana: Knight Ridder

Chebium, Raju: Gannett News Service

Chen, Edwin: Los Angeles Times

Chen, Jay: Central News Agency

Chen, Shawn: National Journal's Technology Daily

Chiantaretto, Mariuccia: Il Giornale

Chikazawa, Moriyasu: Kyodo News

Choi, Donald: US-Asian News Service

Christensen, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Christie, Rebecca: Dow Jones Newswires

Chu, Patrick: Bloomberg News

Chwallek, Gabriele: German Press Agency/DPA

Ci, Guihang: China Wen Hui Bao Daily

Cienski, Jan: National Post

Cindemir, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Clark, Andrew: Reuters

Clark, Colin: Congressional Quarterly

Clark, Drew: National Journal's Technology Daily

Clarke, David: Congressional Quarterly

Clavel, Guy: Agence France-Presse

Clemetson, Lynette: New York Times

Cloud, David: Wall Street Journal

Clymer, Adam: New York Times

Coache, Wendy: Associated Press

Cobb, Jr., Charles: AllAfrica.com

Cocco, Marie: Newsday

Cochran, John: Congressional Quarterly

Cockel, Christopher: China Post

Codrea, George: Congressional Quarterly

Coghill, Kim: BioWorld Today

Cohen, Robert: Newark Star-Ledger

Cohen, Ronald: Gannett News Service

Cohn, D'Vera: Washington Post

Cohn, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

Coile, Zachary: San Francisco Chronicle

Cole, Justin: AFX News

Coleman, Michael: Albuquerque Journal

Collie, Kristen: Hearst Newspapers

Collins, Chris: USA Today

Collins, Michael: Scripps Howard News Service

Collinson, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Coman, Julian: London Sunday Telegraph

Condon, Jr., George: Copley News Service

Conkey, Christopher: Wall Street Journal

Conlon, Chuck: Congressional Quarterly

Connolly, Ceci: Washington Post

Connor, John: Dow Jones Newswires

Conrad, Dennis: Associated Press

Constantine, Gus: Washington Times

Cook, David: Christian Science Monitor

Coombs, Jr., Francis: Washington Times

Cooper, Helene: Wall Street Journal

Cooper, Kent: Political Money Line

Cooper, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Cooper, Sonya: Bloomberg News

Copeland, Peter: Scripps Howard News Service

Copp, Tara: Scripps Howard News Service

Corbett Dooren, Jennifer: Dow Jones Newswires

Cornwell, Rupert: London Independent

Cornwell, Susan Jean: Reuters

Cortes, Lorenzo: Defense Daily

Covington, Robert: Reuters

Cowan, Richard: Reuters

Cox, Jim: USA Today

Coyne, Martin: Air Daily

Crabtree, Susan: Daily Variety

Cranford, John: Congressional Quarterly

Crawford, Craig: Congressional Quarterly

Crawley, John: Reuters

Crenshaw, Albert: Washington Post

Crites, Alice: Washington Post

Crutsinger, Martin: Associated Press

Cubbison, Christopher: USA Today

Cummings, Jeanne: Wall Street Journal

Curl, Joseph: Washington Times

Curtius, Mary: Los Angeles Times

Cushman, Jr., John: New York Times

Czarniak, Chet: USAToday.com

D'Arcy, Janice: Hartford Courant

Da Costa, Mario Navarro: ABIM News Agency

Dalglish, Arthur: Cox Newspapers

Dalrymple, Mary: Associated Press

Daly, Corbett: AFX News

Daly, Matthew: Associated Press

[[Page 942]]

Daly, Richard: Congressional Quarterly

Dangond, Silvia: El Columbiano

Dao, James: New York Times

Dart, Robert: Cox Newspapers

Davenport, Todd: American Banker

Davidson, Lee: Deseret News

Davidson, Paul: USA Today

Davies, Frank: Miami Herald

Davila, Juan: Associated Press

Davis, David: Congressional Quarterly

Davis, Joyce: Knight Ridder

Davis, Julie: Baltimore Sun

Davis, Robert: USA Today

Davis, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Davis, Tina: Energy Daily

Day, Kathleen: Washington Post

De Carlo, Cesare: La Nazione

De Roquefeuil, Christophe: Agence France-Presse

de Toledano, Ralph: National News

  Research Syndicate

Deans, Jr., Robert: Cox Newspapers

Deantonio, Farid: La Nacion USA

DeBarros, Anthony: USA Today

Debeusscher, Phillippe: Agence France-Presse

DeBose, Brian: Washington Times

Decker, Susan: Bloomberg News

DeFrank, Thomas: New York Daily News

Deibel, Mary: Scripps Howard News Service

Del Giudice, Vincent: Bloomberg News

Del Riccio, Cristiano: ANSA Italian News Agency

Delaney, Thomas: Associated Press

Delgado, Jose: El Nuevo Dia

Delollis, Barbara: USA Today

DeMarco, Edward: Bloomberg News

Denniston, Lyle: Boston Globe

DePledge, Derrick: Gannett News Service

Dermody, William: USA Today

Dermota, Kenneth: Agence France-Presse

Despeignes, Peronet: Financial Times

Dessouky, Dean: Saudi Press Agency

Detzel, Thomas: Oregonian

Deutsch, Jack: Congressional Quarterly

Dewar, Helen: Washington Post

Diamond, John: USA Today

Diaz, Kevin: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Diemer, Thomas: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Dinan, Stephen: Washington Times

Dine, Philip: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Dinesh, Manimoli: Oil Daily

Dinmore, Guy: Financial Times

Divis, Dee Ann: United Press International

Dlouhy, Jennifer: Congressional Quarterly

Dobbin, Muriel: McClatchy Newspapers

Dobbs, Micheal: Washington Post

Dobbyn, Timothy: Reuters

Dodd, Michael: USA Today

Dodge, Catherine: Bloomberg News

Dodge, Robert: Dallas Morning News

Doering, Christopher: Reuters

Doggett, Tom: Reuters

Doherty, Robert: Reuters

Donmoyer, Ryan: Bloomberg News

Donnelly, John: Boston Globe

Dono, Linda: Gannett News Service

Dooley, Kerry: Bloomberg News

Dorning, Mike: Chicago Tribune

Doty, Cate: New York Times

Doublet, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Doughty, Stuart: Reuters

Douglas, William: Newsday

Dowd, Maureen: New York Times

Downey, Kirstin: Washington Post

Doyle, Michael: McClatchy Newspapers

Drajem, Mark: Bloomberg News

Drawbaugh, Kevin: Reuters

Dreazen, Yochi: Wall Street Journal

Drinkard, Jim: USA Today

Drogin, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Drummond, Bob: Bloomberg News

Duff, Susanna: Bond Buyer

Duggan, Loren: Congressional Quarterly

Duin, Julia: Washington Times

Dunham, Will: Reuters

Dunne, Nancy: Financial Times

Dunphy, Harry: Associated Press

Durbin, Dee-Ann: Associated Press

Dusseau, Brigitte: Agence France-Presse

Eaton, Sabrina: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Eccleston, Roy: Australian

Eckert, Toby: Copley News Service

Eckstrom, Kevin: Religion News Service

Edmonds Crang, Sarah: Reuters

Edmonds, Jr., Ronald: Associated Press

Edmonson, George: Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Edsall, Thomas: Washington Post

Efron, Sonni: Los Angeles Times

Efstathiou, James: Bloomberg News

Egan, Mark: Reuters

Eggen, Daniel: Washington Post

Eguigure, Maria: La Nacion USA

Eilperin, Juliet: Washington Post

Eisler, Peter: USA Today

Eisman, Dale: Virginian-Pilot

El Nasser, Haya: USA Today

Eldridge, Earle: USA Today

Elgood, Giles: Reuters

Ellicott, Val: Gannett News Service

Ellis, Julie: LRP Publications

Ellis, Kristi: Fairchild News Service

Elsner, Alan: Reuters

Emerson, Jason: LRP Publications

Endo, Seiji: Akahata

Enoch, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Enrich, David: States News Service

[[Page 943]]

Epstein, Edward: San Francisco Chronicle

Epstein, Keith: Tampa Tribune

Eskovitz, Joel: Scripps Howard News Service

Espo, David: Associated Press

Esterhazy, Yvonne: Financial Times-Deutschland

Estevez, Dolia: El Financiero

Estill, Jerry: Associated Press

Eversley, Melanie: Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Fabi, Randolph: Reuters

Faen, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Fagan, Amy: Washington Times

Faler, Brian: Washington Post

Faltin, Cornel: Springer Foreign News Service

Faltin, Frauke: Springer Foreign News Service

Farah, Douglas: Washington Post

Farah, Joseph: WorldNetDaily.com

Farrell, Greg: USA Today

Farrell, John: Denver Post

Fatsis, Stefan: Wall Street Journal

Fazzino, Elysa: Il Secolo XIX

Fears, Darryl: Washington Post

Featherstone, Charles: Saudi Press Agency

Feazel, R. Michael: Communications Daily

Feer, Jason: Energy Argus

Feld, Karen: Capital Connections

Feldman, Carole: Associated Press

Feldmann, Linda: Christian Science Monitor

Felker, Edward: SNG Newspapers

Feller, Ben: Associated Press

Felsenthal, Mark: Reuters

Feng, Shaojie: China Legal Daily

Ferguson, Alexander: Reuters

Ferguson, Andrew: Bloomberg News

Ferguson, Ellyn: Gannett News Service

Ferrari, Francisco: Agence France-Presse

Ferraro, Thomas: Reuters

Ferrechio, Susan: Congressional Quarterly

Ferreira, Anton: Reuters

Ferris, Craig: Bond Buyer

Fessenden, Helen: Congressional Quarterly

Fetterman, Mindy: USA Today

Fialka, John: Wall Street Journal

Fibich, Linda: Newhouse News Service

Field, Kelly: Congressional Quarterly

Fields, Gary: Wall Street Journal

Files III, John: New York Times

Filipczyk, Kathleen: LRP Publications

Filteau, Jerome: Catholic News Service

Fineman, Mark: Los Angeles Times

Finkel, David: Washington Post

Fiore, Faye: Los Angeles Times

Fireman, Kenneth: Newsday

Firestone, David: New York Times

Fischer, Karin: Charleston (WVA) Daily Mail

Flaherty, Mary Pat: Washington Post

Flamini, Roland: United Press International

Flanders, Gwen: USA Today

Flattau, Edward: Global Horizons Syndicate

Fleming, Alexandria: Washington Times

Fletcher, Michael: Washington Post

Flippen, Carli: Energy Argus

Fogarty, Thomas: USA Today

Foster-Simeon, Ed: USA Today

Fox, Maggie: Reuters

Fram, Alan: Associated Press

Frandsen, Jon: Gannett News Service

Frank, Thomas: Newsday

Fraze, Barbara: Catholic News Service

Frederick, Don: Los Angeles Times

Freedman, Andrew: Congressional Quarterly

Freedman, Dan: Hearst Newspapers

Freedman, Daniel: Associated Press

Freking, Kevin: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette

Frenk, Clara: USAToday.com

Friedman, Lisa: Los Angeles Daily News

Friend, Tim: USA Today

Friesner, Margery: ANSA Italian News Agency

Fritz, Sara: St. Petersburg Times

Frommer, Frederick: Associated Press

Fruitrich, Chris: Congressional Quarterly

Fryer, Alex: Seattle Times

Fu, Norman: China Times

Fuhrig, Frank: German Press Agency/DPA

Fukase, Atsuko: Nikkei

Fulton, April: CongressDaily

Funk, Timothy: Charlotte Observer

Furlow, Robert: Associated Press

Galianese, Joseph: Associated Press

Gallen, Claire: Agence France-Presse

Galloway, Joseph: Knight Ridder

Gamboa, Suzanne: Associated Press

Gambrell, Kathy: United Press International

Gamerman, Ellen: Baltimore Sun

Gardett, Peter: Energy Argus

Gardiner, Andrew: USA Today

Gardner, Patrick: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Garver, Rob: American Banker

Gay, Lance: Scripps Howard News Service

Gearan, Anne: Associated Press

Gedda, George: Associated Press

Geewax, Marilyn: Cox Newspapers

Gehrke, Robert: Associated Press

Geimann, Stephen: Bloomberg News

Geracimos, Ann: Washington Times

Gersema, Emily: Associated Press

Gerstenzang, James: Los Angeles Times

Gerth, Jeff: New York Times

Gertz, William: Washington Times

Getter, Lisa: Los Angeles Times

Gettinger, Steve: Bloomberg News

Ghazarian, Stephane: Agence France-Presse

Ghent, Bill: CongressDaily

Giacomo, Carol: Reuters

Gibson, Andreas: Associated Press

[[Page 944]]

Gibson, Gail: Baltimore Sun

Gibson, William: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Gilbert, Craig: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Gildea, Kerry: Defense Daily

Gillman, Todd: Dallas Morning News

Ginsburg, Steven: Reuters

Giroux, Gregory: Congressional Quarterly

Glain, Steven: Boston Globe

Glanz, William: Washington Times

Glass, Pamela: Le Mauricien

Glass, Robert: Associated Press

Glendinning, David: Health News Daily

Glover, K. Daniel: National Journal's

  Technology Daily

Go, Gwangchul: Korea Economic Daily

Godfrey, John: Dow Jones Newswires

Goffe, Shelia: Congressional Quarterly

Goldbacher, Raymond: USA Today

Golden, Jim: Gannett News Service

Goldenberg, Suzanne: London Guardian

Goldreich, Samuel: Congressional Quarterly

Goldstein, Amy: Washington Post

Goldstein, Daniel: Bloomberg News

Goldstein, David: Kansas City Star

Goldstein, Jacobo: La Tribuna

Goldstein, Steven: Philadelphia Inquirer

Golle, Vince: Bloomberg News

Gomez, Sergio: El Tiempo

Gonzalez, David: Associated Press

Gonzalez, Enrique: El Pais

Gonzalez, Maria: El Norte & Reforma

Goo, Sara: Washington Post

Goodman, Adrianne: Los Angeles Times

Gordon, D. Craig: Newsday

Gordon, Greg: McClatchy Newspapers

Gordon, Gregory: Minneapolis Star Tribune

Gordon, Marcy: Associated Press

Gordon, Michael: New York Times

Gosselin, Peter: Los Angeles Times

Goto, Shihoko: United Press International

Graham, Bradley: Washington Post

Graham-Silverman, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Gramaglia, Giampiero: ANSA Italian News Agency

Greczyn, Mary: Communications Daily

Green, Mark: Daily Oklahoman

Greenberg, Brigitte: Communications Daily

Greenberger, Robert: Wall Street Journal

Greenburg, Jan: Chicago Tribune

Greene, David: Baltimore Sun

Greene, Robert: Bloomberg News

Greenhouse, Linda: New York Times

Grenz-Marcuse, Gabrielle: Agence France-Presse

Greve, Frank: Knight Ridder

Grier, Peter: Christian Science Monitor

Griffith, Stephanie: Agence France-Presse

Grimaldi, James: Washington Post

Groppe, Maureen: Gannett News Service

Grove, Benjamin: Las Vegas Sun

Gruenwald, Juliana: CongressDaily

Gruley, Bryan: Wall Street Journal

Grunwald, Michael: Washington Post

Guggenheim, Ken: Associated Press

Gugliotta, Guy: Washington Post

Guinto, Joseph: Investor's Business Daily

Gulino, Denny: Market News International

Gundersen, Heather: Associated Press

Gunther, Markus: Westdeutsche Allgemeine

Hackett, Laurel: Scripps Howard News Service

Hagenbaugh, Barbara: USA Today

Hager, George: USA Today

Haggerty, Maryann: Washington Post

Hall, Glenn: Bloomberg News

Hall, John: Media General News Service

Hall, Mimi: USA Today

Hallam, Kristen: Bloomberg News

Hallock, Kimberly: Congressional Quarterly

Halloran, Liz: Hartford Courant

Hallow, Ralph: Washington Times

Hamalainen, Aloysia: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Hamann, Carlos: Agence France-Presse

Hamatani, Koji: Akahata

Hamburger, Thomas: Wall Street Journal

Hamill, Kevin: Reuters

Hamilton, Martha: Washington Post

Hananel, Sam: Associated Press

Hanner, Kenneth: Washington Times

Harden, Patrick: LRP Publications

Hardin, Peter: Richmond Times-Dispatch

Harding, James: Financial Times

Hargrove, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Harland, Janis: New York Times

Harnden, Toby: London Daily Telegraph

Harper, Jennifer: Washington Times

Harper, Tim: Toronto Star

Harrell, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

Harrington, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Harris, Hamil: Washington Post

Hartcher, Peter: Australian Financial Review

Hartman, Carl: Associated Press

Hartnagel, Nancy: Catholic News Service

Hartson, Merrill: Associated Press

Harwood, John: Wall Street Journal

Hasan, Khalid: Lahore Daily Times

Hastings, Maribel: La Opinion

Havemann, Joel: Los Angeles Times

Hawkings, David: Congressional Quarterly

Hawkins, Chuck: Congressional Quarterly

Hazar, Hasan: Turkiye Daily

Healy, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Heavey, Susan: Reuters

Hebel, Sara: Chronicle of Higher Education

Hebert, H. Josef: Associated Press

Hedges, Michael: Houston Chronicle

Hedges, Stephen: Chicago Tribune

[[Page 945]]

Hedgpeth, Dana: Washington Post

Heil, Emily: CongressDaily

Heilbrunn, Jacob: Los Angeles Times

Heilprin, John: Associated Press

Heller, Marc: Watertown Daily Times

Heller, Michele: American Banker

Helm, Mark: Hearst Newspapers

Hendel, Caitlin: Congressional Quarterly

Hendel, John: United Press International

Henderson, Joan: Restructuring Today

Henderson, Stephen: Knight Ridder

Hendren, John: Los Angeles Times

Hendrie, Paul: Bloomberg News

Henriksson, Karin: Svenska Dagbladet

Henry, John: Houston Chronicle

Hepinstall, Sonya: Reuters

Herman, Edith: Communications Daily

Herms-Drath, Viola: Handelsblatt

Hernandez, Raymond: New York Times

Hess, David: CongressDaily

Hess, Pamela: United Press International

Hicks, Travis: Education Daily

Hiestand, Michael: USA Today

Higa, Liriel: Congressional Quarterly

Higgins, Marguerite: Washington Times

Higgins, Sean: Investor's Business Daily

Hill, Patrice: Washington Times

Hillburg, William: Los Angeles Newspaper Group

Hillman, G. Robert: Dallas Morning News

Hilzenrath, David: Washington Post

Hines, Cragg: Houston Chronicle

Hines, Elizabeth: New York Times

Hinton, Earl: Associated Press

Hirsch, Claudia: Market News International

Hisae, Masahiko: Kyodo News

Hishinuma, Takao: Yomiuri Shimbun

Hitt, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Ho, David: Associated Press

Hoffecker, Leslie: Los Angeles Times

Hoffman, Lisa: Scripps Howard News Service

Holland, Gina: Associated Press

Holland, Jesse: Associated Press

Holland, Judy: Hearst Newspapers

Holly, Christopher: Energy Daily

Holmes, Charles: Cox Newspapers

Holmes, Steven: New York Times

Holzer, Linda: USA Today

Honawar, Vaishali: Washington Times

Hook, Janet: Los Angeles Times

Hoopes, Cora: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Hopgood, Mei-Ling: Dayton Daily News

Hopkins, Andrea: Reuters

Hopkins, Cheyenne: Reuters

Horrock, Nicholas: United Press International

Horwich, Lee: USA Today

Hoskinson, Jr., Charles: Agence France-Presse

Hosler, Karen: Baltimore Sun

Hotakainen, Rob: Minneapolis Star Tribune

House, Billy: Arizona Republic

Howell, Deborah: Newhouse News Service

Hoy, Anne: Newsday

Hoyt, Clark: Knight Ridder

Hsu, Spencer: Washington Post

Hu, Xiaoming: Xinhua News Agency

Huber, Christopher: Associated Press

Hudson, Audrey: Washington Times

Hughes, John: Bloomberg News

Hughes, Michael: Associated Press

Hughes, Siobhan: Congressional Quarterly

Hughey, Ann: Bloomberg News

Hujer, Marc: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Hulse, Carl: New York Times

Hultman, Tamela: AllAfrica.com

Hume, Lynn: Bond Buyer

Hunley, Johnathan: Fredericksburg Freelance-Star

Hunt, Katherine: Reuters

Hunt, Terence: Associated Press

Hurlburt, Sid: USA Today

Hurt, Charles: Washington Times

Hutcheson, Ron: Knight Ridder

Hutchinson, Martin: United Press International

Ibarguen, Diego: Knight Ridder

Ida, Tetsuji: Kyodo News

Ikeda, Nestor: Associated Press

Ilustre, Josefina: Philippine Daily Inquirer

Ip, Gregory: Wall Street Journal

Iqbal, Anwar: United Press International

Ishiaia, Tsutomu: Asahi Shimbun

Ito, Toshiyuki: Yomiuri Shimbun

Ivanovich, David: Houston Chronicle

Jackler, Rosalind: USA Today

Jackson, David: Dallas Morning News

Jacoby, Mary: St. Petersburg Times

Jaffe, Greg: Wall Street Journal

Jahn, Daniel: Agence France-Presse

Jalonick, Mary Clare: Congressional Quarterly

James III, Frank: Chicago Tribune

Jansen, Bart: Portland Press Herald

Jarreau, Patrick: Le Monde

Jaspin, Elliot: Cox Newspapers

Jehl, Douglas: New York Times

Jelinek, Pauline: Associated Press

Jensen, Kristin: Bloomberg News

Jing, Hui: Epoch Times

Johnson, Angela: Newsday

Johnson, Carrie: Washington Post

Johnson, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Johnson, Glen: Boston Globe

Johnson, Kevin: USA Today

Johnson, Sandy: Associated Press

Johnson, Timothy: Miami Herald

Johnston, David: New York Times

Jones, Brent: USA Today

Jones, David: Washington Times

[[Page 946]]

Jones, Del: USA Today

Jones, Kerry: Congressional Quarterly

Jones, Robert: Scripps Howard News Service

Jordan, Charles: CongressDaily

Jordan, Lara: Associated Press

Joseph, Lori: USA Today

Joy, Patricia: Congressional Quarterly

Joyce, Stacy: Reuters

Jung, Daniel: WashingtonPost.com

Justice, Glen: Bloomberg News

Kady II, Martin: Congressional Quarterly

Kagan, Daniel: United Press International

Kammer, Jerry: Copley News Service

Kampeas, Ron: Associated Press

Kanno, Michiyo: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kaplan, Peter: Reuters

Kapochunas, Rachel: San Francisco Chronicle

Karey, Gerald: Platts News Service

Kashiyama, Yukio: Sankei Shimbun

Kassou, Abderrahmane: Maghreb Arabe Presse

Kastner, Kevin: Market News International

Kawano, Toshifumi: Mainichi Shimbun

Keefe, Stephen: Nikkei

Keen, Judith: USA Today

Keeter, Hunter: Defense Daily

Kelley, Jack: USA Today

Kelley, Matt: Omaha World Herald

Kelley, Matthew: Associated Press

Kellogg, Sarah: Newhouse News Service

Kelly, Dennis: USA Today

Kelly, Erin: Gannett News Service

Kelly, Nancy: American Metal Market

Kelotra, Ritu: Congressional Quarterly

Kemper, Robert: Chicago Tribune

Kemper, Vicki: Los Angeles Times

Kendall, Jr., Charles: National News

  Research Syndicate

Kenen, Joanne: Reuters

Kennedy, Helen: New York Daily News

Kennedy, Simon: Bloomberg News

Kerr, Jennifer: Associated Press

Kertes, Noella: Congressional Quarterly

Kesen, Hideo: Sankei Shimbun

Kessler, Glenn: Washington Post

Kessner, Brennan: Defense Daily

Kesten, Lou: Associated Press

Keto, Laurin: Dow Jones Newswires

Keynes, Alana: Education Daily

Kiely, Kathy: USA Today

Kilian, Michael: Chicago Tribune

Kim, Eun Kyung: Associated Press

King, Ledyard S.R.: Gannett News Service

King, Llewellyn: Energy Daily

King, Jr., Neil: Wall Street Journal

King, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

Kingdom, Arthur: Restructuring Today

Kinoshita, Hideomi: Kyodo News

Kipling, Bogdan: Kipling News Service

Kirchhoff, Sue: USA Today

Kirkland, Michael: United Press International

Kirsanov, Dmitry: Itar-Tass News Agency

Kishida, Yoshida: Jiji Press

Kivlan, Terence: Newhouse News Service

Klein Jr., Gilbert: Media General News Service

Kline, Alan: American Banker

Kniazkov, Maxim: Agence France-Presse

Knowlton, Brian: International Herald Tribune

Knox, Olivier: Agence France-Presse

Koar, Juergen: Stuttgarter Zeitung

Koff, Stephen: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Koffler, Keith: CongressDaily

Kogure, Satoko: Jiji Press

Kohn, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Komori, Yoshihisa: Sankei Shimbun

Koning, Rachel: CBS MarketWatch

Kopecki, Dawn: Dow Jones Newswires

Koring, Paul: Toronto Globe and Mail

Kornblut, Anne: Boston Globe

Kosukegawa, Yoichi: Kyodo News

Koydl, Wolfgang: Sueddeutsche Zeitung

Kralev, Nicholas: Washington Times

Kramer, Reed: AllAfrica.com

Kranish, Michael: Boston Globe

Krawzak, Paul: Copley News Service

Krebs, Brian: WashingtonPost.com

Kreisher, Otto: Copley News Service

Krim, Jonathan: Washington Post

Krishnaswami, Sridhara: Hindu

Kronholz, June: Wall Street Journal

Kuckro, Rod: Oil Daily

Kuhnhenn, James: Knight Ridder

Kuk, Kiyon: Segye Times

Kulish, Nicholas: Wall Street Journal

Kumar, Aparna: Associate Press

Kumar, Dinesh: Communications Daily

Kumode, Mitsura: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Kuntz, Philip: Wall Street Journal

Kuo, Wu-hueng: Central News Agency

Kwon, Soon-Taek: Korea Dong-A Ilbo

Kyan, Seiko: Kyodo News

La Franchi, Howard: Christian Science Monitor

Labaton, Stephen: New York Times

Labriny, Azeddine: Saudi Press Agency

Lagomarsino, Deborah: Dow Jones Newswires

Lakely, James: Washington Times

Lamb, David: Los Angeles Times

Lambrecht, William: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Lambro, Donald: Washington Times

Landay, Jonathan: Knight Ridder

Landers, James: Dallas Morning News

Landry, Catherine: Platts News Service

Lane, Earl: Newsday

Lane, Terry: Communications Daily

Lang, Michael: Asahi Shimbun

[[Page 947]]

Lanman, Scott: Bloomberg News

Lardner, George: Washington Post

LaRoue, Jr., James: Congressional Information Bureau

Lavin, Carl: New York Times

Lawrence, Jill: USA Today

Le Roux, Gildas: Agence France-Presse

Leary, Warren: New York Times

Leavitt, Paul: USA Today

Lebedev, Ivan: Itar-Tass News Agency

Lebling, Madonna: Washington Post

Lee, Christopher: Washington Post

Lee, Hyo-joon: Joong Ang Ilbo

Lee, Jennifer: New York Times

Lee, Matthew: Agence France-Presse

Lee, Mi Sook: Munwha Ilbo

Lee, Richard: Media General News Service

Lee, Seung Chull: Kyung Hyang Shinmun

Leen, Jeff: Washington Post

Lehming, Malte: Der Tagesspiegel

Leinwand, Donna: USA Today

Leland, Jennifer: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Lemke, Tim: Washington Times

Leonard, Mary: Boston Globe

Lerman, David: Newport News Daily Press

Lesparre, Michael: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Lester, William: Associated Press

Leubsdorf, Carl: Dallas Morning News

Lever, Robert: Agence France-Presse

Levin, Alan: USA Today

Lewis, Charles: Hearst Newspapers

Lewis, Finlay: Copley News Service

Lewis, Katherine: Dallas Morning News

Lewis, Katherine: Newhouse News Service

Lewis, Neil: New York Times

Li, Zhengxin: China Economic Daily

Libbon, Mark: Syracuse Post-Standard

Lichtblau, Eric: New York Times

Lieberman, Brett: Harrisburg Patriot-News

Lightman, David: Hartford Courant

Lin, Betty: World Journal

Lindell, Chuck: Austin American Statesman

Linder, Craig: States News Service

Lindsey, David: USA Today

Ling, Christina: Reuters

Lipman, Laurence: Palm Beach Post

Little, Robert: Baltimore Sun

Litvan, Laura: Bloomberg News

Liu, Ping: China Times

Liu, Kuen-yuan: Central News Agency

Lizama, Orlando: EFE News Services

Lobe, James: Inter Press Service

Lobsenz, George: Energy Daily

Lochhead, Carolyn: San Francisco Chronicle

Locy, Toni: USA Today

Logan, Christopher: Congressional Quarterly

Logan, Rebecca: EFE News Services

Lohmeyer, Suzette: WashingtonPost.com

Long, Drew: LRP Publications

Lopez, Jose: Notimex Mexican Newsm Agency

Loren, Jennifer: Associated Press

Lorente, Rafael: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

Louven, Alexandra: Boersen-Zeitung

Lowrey, Dan: Dow Jones Newswires

Lowy, Joan: Scripps Howard News Service

Lueck, Sarah: Wall Street Journal

Lumpkin, John: Associated Press

Lyons, Johnathan: Reuters

Lytle, Tamara: Orlando Sentinel

MacDonald, David: McClendon News Service

MacDonald, John: Hartford Courant

MacFarland, Margo: CongressDaily

MacInnis, Laura: Reuters

MacMillan, Robert: WashingtonPost.com

MacPhersen, Karen: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Machacek, John: Gannett News Service

Mackenzie, Hillary: Southam News of Canada

Madden, Mike: Gannett News Service

Majano, Rosendo: EFE News Services

Malone, Julia: Cox Newspapers

Maloy, Timothy: United Press International

Malseed, Mark: Washington Post

Mann, William: Associated Press

Mannion, James: Agence France-Presse

Mao, Lei: Xinhua News Agency

Marano, Louis: United Press International

Marchand, Ann: WashingtonPost.com

Marchi, Stefano: Il Tempo

Marcus, Jeffrey: WashingtonPost.com

Marcus, Ruth: Washington Post

Marcy, Steven: Energy Argus

Margasak, Lawrence: Associated Press

Marino, Marie: Gannett News Service

Marklein, Mary Beth: USA Today

Markoe, Lauren: Columbia State

Marlantes, Elizabeth: Christian Science Monitor

Marley, Jefferson: WashingtonPost.com

Marolo, Bruno: L'Unita

Marquis, Christopher: New York Times

Marshall, Stephen: USAToday.com

Martin, Gary: San Antonio Express-News

Martin, Harold: United Press International

Martinez, Gebe: Congressional Quarterly

Martinez, Pablo Sandino: La Nacion USA

Mason, Julie: Houston Chronicle

Massie, Alex: Edinburgh Scotsman

Masterson, Karen: Houston Chronicle

Matsui, Masanori: Nikkei

Matthews, Mark: Baltimore Sun

Matthews, Robert Guy: Wall Street Journal

Matusic, Karen: Oil Daily

Mayer, Caroline: Washington Post

Maymi, Javier: El Vocero de Puerto Rico

Maynard, Michael: CBS MarketWatch

McCaffrey, Shannon: Knight Ridder

[[Page 948]]

McCarthy, Mike: German Press Agency/DPA

McCarthy, Thomas: Los Angeles Times

McCarty, Philip: Dow Jones Newswires

McCaslin, John: Washington Times

McCord, Nancy: Financial Times

McCrehan, Jeff: Christian Science Monitor

McCutcheon, Chuck: Newhouse News Service

McDonough, Siobhan: Associated Press

McDowell, Julie: Energy Argus

McFeatters, Ann: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

McFeatters, Dale: Scripps Howard News Service

McGee, Frank: Congressional Quarterly

McGinley, Laurie: Wall Street Journal

McGregor, Deborah: Financial Times

McGrory, Mary: Washington Post

McGuire, David: WashingtonPost.com

McIntyre, Allison: Los Angeles Times

McKeaney, Kristy: Bloomberg News

McKee, Michael: Bloomberg News

McKenna, Barrie: Toronto Globe and Mail

McKinnon, John: Wall Street Journal

McLean, Renwick: New York Times

McLoone, Sharon: National Journal's

  Technology Daily

McManus, Doyle: Los Angeles Times

McMurray, Jeffrey: Associated Press

McNeil, Margaret: CBS MarketWatch

McQuaid, John: New Orleans Times-Picayune

McQuillan, Laurence: USA Today

McQuillan, Mark: Bloomberg News

Meadows, Clifton: New York Times

Means, Marianne: Hearst Newspapers

Mears, Frances: Gannett News Service

Meckler, Laura: Associated Press

Meddis, Saverio: USAToday.com

Meek, James: New York Daily News

Meinert, Dori: Copley News Service

Mekay, Emad: Inter Press Service

Melendez, Michele: Newhouse News Service

Memmott, Mark: USA Today

Mentzer, Thomas: Scripps Howard News Service

Mercer, Marsha: Media General News Service

Merida, Kevin: Washington Post

Merline, John: USA Today

Meszoly, Robin: Bloomberg News

Meyer, Joshua: Los Angeles Times

Michaels, Jim: USA Today

Michalski, Patty: USAToday.com

Middleton, Chris: Market News International

Middleton, Otesa: Dow Jones Newswires

Miga, Andrew: Boston Herald

Mikkelsen, Randall: Reuters

Milbank, Dana: Washington Post

Miller, Alan: Los Angeles Times

Miller, David: Congressional Quarterly

Miller, Greg: Los Angeles Times

Miller, Jeff: Allentown Morning Call

Miller, Judith: New York Times

Miller, Kevin: Bloomberg News

Miller, Leslie: Associated Press

Miller, Marilee: Congressional Quarterly

Miller, Steven: Washington Times

Miller, Todd: Kyodo News

Millership, Peter: Reuters

Milligan, Susan: Boston Globe

Millikan, Jay: Congressional Quarterly

Mills, Betty: Griffin-Larrabee News Service

Mills, Michael: Congressional Quarterly

Mitchell, Brian: Investor's Business Daily

Mitchell, Charles: CongressDaily

Mitchell, Kirsten: Media General News Service

Mitchell, Steve: United Press International

Mitkevicius, Adom: Asahi Shimbun

Mittelstadt, Michelle: Dallas Morning News

Mitton, Roger: Singapore Straits Times

Miura, Toshiaki: Asahi Shimbun

Miyasaka, Yoshio: Kyodo News

Mizushima, Toshio: Yomiuri Shimbun

Mohammed, Arshad: Reuters

Molenkamp, Sarah: Congressional Quarterly

Mollison, Andrew: Cox Newspapers

Monahan, Elaine: London Times

Mondics, Christopher: Philadelphia Inquirer

Moniz, Dave: USA Today

Monoson, Theodore: Casper Star-Tribune

Montgomery, Christine: USAToday.com

Montgomery, David: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Montgomery, David: Washington Post

Montgomery, Scott: Congressional Quarterly

Moon, Julie: US-Asian News Service

Morgan, Dan: Washington Post

Moriarty, JoAnn: Newhouse News Service

Moritsugu, Ken: Knight Ridder

Moriyasu, Ken: Nikkei

Morris, James: Dallas Morning News

Morris, Vincent: New York Post

Morrison, Blake: USA Today

Morrison, James: Washington Times

Morrison, Joanne: Reuters

Moscoso, Eunice: Cox Newspapers

Moss, Desda: CongressDaily

Mueller, Mark: Energy Argus

Mueller, Sarah: Newsday

Mueller, Thomas: German Press Agency/DPA

Mulkern, Anne: Denver Post

Mulligan, John: Providence Journal

Munoz, Acebes Cesar: EFE News Services

Murata, Junichi: Jiji Press

Murayama, Tomohiro: Asahi Shimbun

Murdock, Deroy: Scripps Howard News Service

Murray, Brendan: Bloomberg News

Murray, Frank: Washington Times

Murray, Shailagh: Wall Street Journal

Murray, Shanon: Daily Deal

[[Page 949]]

Murray, William: Bloomberg News

Music, Kimberley: Oil Daily

Mussenden, Sean: Orlando Sentinel

Myers, Jim: Tulsa World

Myers, Michael: Myers News Service

N'Diaye, Yali: Market News International

Nacheman, Allen: Agence France-Presse

Nagata, Kazuo: Yomiuri Shimbun

Nagourney, Adam: New York Times

Nail, Dawson: Communications Daily

Nakajima, Tetsuo: Mainichi Shimbun

Nakamura, Hiroko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Nakano, Tetsuya: Jiji Press

Narayanan, Vinuraj: USA Today

Nasso, Laura: Il Corriere Della Sera

Nather, David: Congressional Quarterly

Neal, Terry: WashingtonPost.com

Neergaard, Lauran: Associated Press

Neikirk, William: Chicago Tribune

Nelson, Deborah: Los Angeles Times

Nelson Fitzhugh, Soni: United Press International

Nesmith, Jeff: Cox Newspapers

Neubauer, Chuck: Los Angeles Times

Neuman, Johanna: Los Angeles Times

New, Kevin: Medical Device Daily

New, William: National Journal's Technology Daily

Newman, Emily: Bond Buyer

Nicholas, Peter: Philadelphia Inquirer

Nichols, Bill: USA Today

Nichols, John: WashingtonPost.com

Nicholson, Jonathan: Reuters

Niehaus, Wanita: Scripps Howard News Service

Nielsen, David: Scripps Howard News Service

Nishimura, Yoichi: Asahi Shimbun

Niven, Michael: Energy Argus

Nomiyama, Chizu: Reuters

Nordness, Anne: Congressional Quarterly

Norman, Jane: Des Moines Register

Norton, C. JoAnne: Bloomberg News

Norton, Monica: Newsday

Norton, Stephen: Congressional Quarterly

Norville, Lancelot: Associated Press

Novak, Robert: Chicago Sun-Times

Nutting, Brian: Congressional Quarterly

Nutting, Rex: CBS MarketWatch

Nyitray, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

O'Brien, Nancy: Catholic News Service

O'Connell, James: Bloomberg News

O'Donnell, Jayne: USA Today

O'Donnell Jr., John: Baltimore Sun

O'Keefe, Mark: Newhouse News Service

O'Reilly II, Joseph: Bloomberg News

O'Rourke, Lawrence: McClatchy Newspapers

O'Sullivan, John: United Press International

O'Toole, Thomas: USA Today

Oelrich, Christiane: German Press Agency/DPA

Oestreicher-Gross, Jill: Reuters

Ogata, Kakuya: Kyodo News

Oh, Diane: Asahi Shimbun

Olchowy, Mark: Associated Press

Oliphant, Cortright: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Robert: Oliphant News Service

Oliphant, Thomas: Boston Globe

Olmsted, Daniel: United Press International

Olson, Elizabeth: New York Times

Oppel, Richard: New York Times

Orin, Deborah: New York Post

Orndorff, Mary: Birmingham News

Orol, Ron: Daily Deal

Orr, J. Scott: Newark Star-Ledger

Oshima, Uichiro: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Ostermann, Dietmar: Frankfurter Rundschau

Ota, Alan: Congressional Quarterly

Ota, Masakatsu: Kyodo News

Ottaway, David: Washington Post

Ourlian, Robert: CongressDaily

Overberg, Paul: USA Today

Pace, Anthony: Associated Press

Pace, David: Associated Press

Page, Clarence: Chicago Tribune

Page, Susan: USA Today

Pallotto, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Palmer, Doug: Reuters

Palo, Vanessa: Associated Press

Parasuram, T.V.: Press Trust of India

Pardue, Douglas: USA Today

Parker, Laura: USA Today

Parks, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Parry, Robert: Bloomberg News

Pasternak, Judy: Los Angeles Times

Patrick, Robert: Los Angeles Times

Patrick, Steven: Congressional Quarterly

Pattison, Mark: Catholic News Service

Patton, Scott: Oil Daily

Peacock, Steve: Communications Daily

Pear, Robert: New York Times

Pearlstein, Steven: Washington Post

Peck, Louis: CongressDaily

Pelofsky, Jeremy: Reuters

Pena, Maria: EFE News Services

Pennybacker, Mary: Associated Press

Perine, Keith: Congressional Quarterly

Pesce, Carolyn: USA Today

Petersen, Rosemary: Copley News Service

Peterson, Jonathan: Los Angeles Times

Peterson, Karen: USA Today

Peterson, Margaret: National Journal's

  Technology Daily

Pfleger, Katherine: Seattle Times

Phelps, Timothy: Newsday

Phillips, Don: Washington Post

Phillips, Heather: San Jose Mercury News

Phillips, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Philpott, Thomas: Military Update

[[Page 950]]

Pianin, Eric: Washington Post

Pickler, Nedra: Associated Press

Pike, David: Los Angeles Daily Journal

Pincus, Walter: Washington Post

Pine, Art: Bloomberg News

Pino-Marina, Christina: WashingtonPost.com

Platero, Mario Calvo: Il Sole 24 Ore

Pleming, Susan: Reuters

Plocek, Joseph: Market News International

Plungis, Jeff: Detroit News

Poirier, John: Reuters

Polyakova, Susan: Communications Daily

Pontarelli, Erika: Agence France-Presse

Poole, Janet: Agence France-Presse

Pope, Charles: Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Posner, Michael: CongressDaily

Povich, Elaine: Newsday

Powell, Stewart: Hearst Newspapers

Powelson, Richard: Scripps Howard News Service

Power, Stephen: Wall Street Journal

Powers, Ronald: Associated Press

Price, Deborah: Detroit News

Price, Elizabeth: Dow Jones Newswires

Price, Marc: Associated Press

Priest, Dana: Washington Post

Prothero, P. Mitchell: United Press International

Pruden, Wesley: Washington Times

Pruitt, Phil: USAToday.com

Przybyla, Heidi: Bloomberg News

Puchol, Fernando: EFE News Services

Puente, Maria: USA Today

Puertas, Jose: Agence France-Presse

Pugh, Anthony: Knight Ridder

Purce, Melinda: Associated Press

Purdum, Todd: New York Times

Purger, Tibor: Magyar Szo

Pusey, Allen: Dallas Morning News

Putman, Eileen: Associated Press

Putrich, Gayle: Congressional Quarterly

Puzzanghera, James: San Jose Mercury News

Pylas, Panagiotis: AFX News

Quaid, Libby: Associated Press

Raab, Charlotte: Agence France-Presse

Raasch, Charles: Gannett News Service

Radelat, Ana: Gannett News Service

Raffaelli, Jean: Agence France-Presse

Raimon, Marcelo: ANSA Italian News Agency

Raivio, Jyri: Helsingin Sanomat

Ramadan, Wafik: L'Orient--Le Jour

Rambourg, Gersende: Agence France-Presse

Ramey, Joanna: Fairchild News Service

Ramjug, Peter: Reuters

Ramstack, Thomas: Washington Times

Rankin, Robert: Knight Ridder

Rapp, David: Congressional Quarterly

Rater, Philippe: Agence France-Presse

Raum, Thomas: Associated Press

Rauscher, Jr., Carl: Cox Newspapers

Ray, Eric: Congressional Quarterly

Raymond, Anthony: Political Money Line

Rebello, Joseph: Dow Jones Newswires

Reber, Paticia: German Press Agency/DPA

Recer, Paul: Associated Press

Recio, Maria: Fort Worth Star-Telegram

Reddy, Anitha: Washington Post

Reeves, Pamela: Scripps Howard News Service

Rega, John: Bloomberg News

Rehm, Barbara: American Banker

Rehring, Emily: Oil Daily

Rehrmann, Laura: Gannett News Service

Reid, Tim: London Times

Reilly, Sean: Mobile Register

Reinert-Mason, Patty: Houston Chronicle

Reiss, Cory: New York Times Regional News

Remez, Michael: Hartford Courant

Rennie, David: London Daily Telegraph

Retter, Daphne: Congressional Quarterly

Reynard, Pascal: Agence France-Presse

Reynolds, Maura: Los Angeles Times

Riccardi, Emenuele: ANSA Italian News Agency

Rich, Spencer: CongressDaily

Richardson, Betty: Congressional Quarterly

Riche, Pascal: Liberation

Richey, Warren: Christian Science Monitor

Richter, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Richter, Paul: Los Angeles Times

Richwine, Lisa: Reuters

Rickett, Keith: Associated Press

Ricks, Tom: Washington Post

Riddell, Jr., John: Associated Press

Riechmann-Kepler, Deb: Associated Press

Riehl, Jonathan: Congressional Quarterly

Riley, John: USAToday.com

Rios, Delia: Newhouse News Service

Risen, James: New York Times

Riskind, Jonathan: Columbus Dispatch

Risser, William: USA Today

Rivero, Maria Isabel: German Press Agency/DPA

Rizzo, Katherine: Congressional Quarterly

Robb, Greg: AFX News

Robbins, Carla: Wall Street Journal

Roberts III, William: Bloomberg News

Robinson, James: Los Angeles Times

Robinson, John: Defense Daily

Robinson, Melissa: Associated Press

Robinson, Stuart: Congressional Quarterly

Roff, Peter: United Press International

Rogers, David: Wall Street Journal

Roland, Neil: Bloomberg News

Rosales, Jorge: La Nacion

Rose, Alexander: National Post

Rosen, James: McClatchy Newspapers

Rosenbaum, David: New York Times

Rosenberg, Eric: Hearst Newspapers

[[Page 951]]

Rosenkrantz, Holly: Bloomberg News

Rosenstein, Bruce: USA Today

Rosenthal, Harry: Associated Press

Ross, Patrick: Communications Daily

Ross, Sonya: Associated Press

Roth, Bennett: Houston Chronicle

Roth, Susan: Gannett News Service

Rousseaux, Charles: Washington Times

Rovner, Julie: CongressDaily

Rowley, James: Bloomberg News

Roybal, Peter: Congressional Quarterly

Rubin, Hannah: Education Daily

Rubin, James: Bloomberg News

Rucker, Teri: National Journal's Technology Daily

Rudell, Brent: Congressional Quarterly

Ruiz, Phillip: Los Angeles Times

Rulon, Malia: Associated Press

Runningen, Roger: Bloomberg News

Ruskin, Liz: Anchorage Daily News

Ryan, Richard: Detroit News

Ryan, Timothy: Reuters

Safire, William: New York Times

Saiyid, Amena: Energy Argus

Sakai, Katushiko: Jiji Press

Sakajiri, Nobuyoshi: Asahi Shimbun

Salant, Jonathan: Associated Press

Salhani, Claude: United Press International

Sammon, William: Washington Times

Sanchez, Humberto: Bond Buyer

Sandalow, Marc: San Francisco Chronicle

Sanders, Edmund: Los Angeles Times

Sands, David: Washington Times

Sanger, David: New York Times

Santana, Tamra: Bloomberg News

Santini, Jean-Louis: Agence France-Presse

Sarasohn, Judy: Washington Post

Sasazawa, Kyoichi: Yomiuri Shimbun

Satariano, Adam: Congressional Quarterly

Sato, Chiyako: Mainichi Shimbun

Saunders, John: Toronto Globe and Mail

Savage, David: Los Angeles Times

Sawaki, Nori: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Sawyer, Jon: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Scally, William: William Scally Reports

Scarborough, Rowan: Washington Times

Schatz, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Scheibel, Kenneth: Washington Bureau News

Schemo, Diana: New York Times

Schlesinger, Jacob: Wall Street Journal

Schlesinger, Robert: Boston Globe

Schmick, Bill: Bloomberg News

Schmid, Randolph: Associated Press

Schmid, Sharon: Wall Street Journal

Schmidt, Peter: Chronicle of Higher Education

Schmidt, Robert: Bloomberg News

Schmitt, Eric: New York Times

Schmitt, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Schnakenberg, Lea Ann: German Press

  Agency/DPA

Schneider, Andrew: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Schneider, Greg: Washington Post

Schoof, Renee: Knight Ridder

Schouten, Fredreka: Gannett News Service

Schrader, Esther: Los Angeles Times

Schram, Martin: Scripps Howard News Service

Schroeder, Michael: Wall Street Journal

Schuler, Kate: Congressional Quarterly

Schwartz, Leland: States News Service

Schwed, Craig: Gannett News Service

Schweid, Barry: Associated Press

Scott, Heather: Market News International

Scott, Katherine: Gannett News Service

Scrivo, Karen: CongressDaily

Seelye, Katharine: New York Times

Seeman, Bruce: Newhouse News Service

Sefton, Dru: Newhouse News Service

Seib, Gerald: Wall Street Journal

Seiberg, Jaret: Daily Deal

Selingo, Jeffrey: Chronicle of Higher Education

Seper, Jerry: Washington Times

Sergent, Jennifer: Scripps Howard News Service

Serrano, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Settles, Mary: McClatchy Newspapers

Sevastopulo, Demetri: Financial Times

Shaffrey, Mary: Washington Times

Shalal-Esa, Andrea: Reuters

Shanker, Thomas: New York Times

Shapiro, Walter: USA Today

Sharn, Lori: CongressDaily

Shaw, Gwyneth: Orlando Sentinel

Shaw, John: Market News International

Shea, Griffin: Agence France-Presse

Shearer, Cody: Shearer and Glen News

Sheehan, Theresa: Market News International

Sheikh, Nezar: Saudi Press Agency

Shek, Katherine: LRP Publications

Shelly, Nedra: Cleveland Plain Dealer

Shenon, Philip: New York Times

Shepard, Scott: Cox Newspapers

Sher, Andrew: Chattanooga Times/Free Press

Sherman, Mark: Associated Press

Sherry, Mike: Congressional Quarterly

Sherzai, Magan: Agence France-Presse

Shesgreen, Deirdre: St. Louis Post-Dispatch

Shibata, Gaku: Yomiuri Shimbun

Shields, Mark: Creators Syndicate

Shimada, Testsuya: Kyodo News

Shiver, Jr., Jube: Los Angeles Times

Shogren, Elizabeth: Los Angeles Times

Shoup, Megan: Asahi Shimbun

Sia, Richard: CongressDaily

Sichelman, Lew: United Media

Siciliano, John: Saudi Press Agency

Sigurdson, Todd: Associated Press

[[Page 952]]

Silva, Rodrigo: Associated Press

Silvassy, Kathleen: Congressional Quarterly

Silverstein, Kenneth: Los Angeles Times

Simison, Robert: Bloomberg News

Simmons Robinson, Deborah: Washington Times

Simon, Richard: Los Angeles Times

Simpson, Cam: Chicago Tribune

Singer, Paul: Chicago Tribune

Sipher, Anthony: Yomiuri Shimbun

Sirhal, Maureen: National Journal's

  Technology Daily

Sisk, Richard: New York Daily News

Sitov, Andrei: Itar-Tass News Agency

Skarzenski, Ronald: New York Times

Skiba, Katherine: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

Skorneck, Carolyn: Congressional Quarterly

Skrzycki, Cindy: Washington Post

Slater, Jim: Agence France-Presse

Slavin, Barbara: USA Today

Smith, Christopher: Salt Lake Tribune

Smith, Donna: Reuters

Smith, Elliot: USA Today

Smith, Jeffrey: Washington Post

Smith, Sylvia: Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette

Smith, Tiffany: USA Today

Smitherman, Laura: Bloomberg News

Snider, Keith: Bloomberg News

Snider, Mike: USA Today

Sniffen, Michael: Associated Press

Snyder, Charles: Taipei Times

Sobczyk, Joseph: Bloomberg News

Solis Jr., Carlos: Jiji Press

Solomon, Deborah: Wall Street Journal

Solomon, John: Associated Press

Somerville, Glenn: Reuters

Soraghan, Michael: Denver Post

Sorokin, Ellen: Washington Times

Sorrells, Niels: Congressional Quarterly

Sotero, Paulo: O Estado De S. Paulo

Southwell, Charles: Congressional Quarterly

Spang, Thomas: Rheinische Post

Sparshott, Jeffrey: Washington Times

Spence, Timothy: Hearst Newspapers

Spencer, George: Restructuring Today

Sperry, Paul: WorldNetDaily.com

Spiegel, Peter: Financial Times

Spinner, Jackie: Washington Post

Spors, Kelly: Wall Street Journal

Sprengelmeyer, Michael: Scripps Howard

  News Service

Squitieri, Tom: USA Today

St. Onge, Jeffery: Bloomberg News

Stainer, M. Maria: Washington Times

Standeford, Dugie: Communications Daily

Stanglin, Douglas: USA Today

Stanton, John: CongressDaily

Starks, Tim: New York Sun

Staub, Ignaz: Tages Anzeiger

Stearns, Matthew: Kansas City Star

Steele, Stephen: Catholic News Service

Steiger, Jana: Congressional Quarterly

Stein, Jeff: Congressional Quarterly

Stempleman, Neil: Reuters

Stephens, Joe: Washington Post

Stern, Christopher: Washington Post

Stern, Marcus: Copley News Service

Sternberg, Steve: USA Today

Sternberg, William: USA Today

Stevens, Allison: Congressional Quarterly

Stevenson, Johnny: Wall Street Journal

Stevenson, Richard: New York Times

Stewart, B. Scott: Sankei Shimbun

Stinson, Jeffrey: USA Today

Stohr, Greg: Bloomberg News

Stolberg, Sheryl: New York Times

Stolley, Anne Marie: Bloomberg News

Stone, Andrea: USA Today

Storey, David: Reuters

Stoullig, Jean-Michel: Agence France-Presse

Stout, David: New York Times

Straub, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Straub, Noelle: Boston Herald

Straw, Joseph: New Haven Register

Streck, Michael: Die Tageszeitung

Strobel, Warren: Knight Ridder

Strong, Thomas: Associated Press

Strope, Leigh: Associated Press

Struck, Myron: States News Service

Sudyatmiko, Karina: Suara Pembaruan

Suissa Zeimet, Corinne: Agence France-Presse

Sujono, Djono: Suara Merdeka

Sullivan, Andy: Reuters

Sullivan, Jack: Associated Press

Sullivan, Laura: Baltimore Sun

Sumikawa, Yuriko: Kyodo News

Sunohara, Tsuyoshi: Nikkei

Supervielle, Ana Baron: Clarin

Superville, Darlene: Associated Press

Surzhanskiy, Andrey: Itar-Tass News Agency

Sutherland, Rita: Scripps Howard News Service

Swarns, Rachel: New York Times

Sweet, Lynn: Chicago Sun-Times

Swindell, Bill: Congressional Quarterly

Swisher, Lawrence: Northwest Newspapers

Szekely, Peter: Reuters

Tackett, R. Michael: Chicago Tribune

Takahashi, Akira: Kyodo News

Takegawa, Masanori: Mainichi Shimbun

Takeuchi, Takeshi: Dow Jones Newswires

Tan, Weibing: Xinhua News Agency

Tan, Xinmu: Xinhua News Agency

Tanzi, Alexandre: Bloomberg News

Taylor, Andrew: Congressional Quarterly

Taylor, Cynthia: Boston Globe

[[Page 953]]

Tedards, Frank: Cox Newspapers

Temman, Francis: Agence France-Presse

Terzian, Philip: Providence Journal

Tetreault, Stephan: Stephens Media Group

Theimer, Sharon: Associated Press

Thomas, Helen: Hearst Newspapers

Thomas, Karen: USA Today

Thomas, Richard: Roll Call Report Syndicate

Thomasson, Dan: Scripps Howard News Service

Thomma, Steven: Knight Ridder

Thompson, Alan: Scripps Howard News Service

Thompson, Jake: Omaha World-Herald

Thompson, Jason: WashingtonPost.com

Thompson, Laura: American Banker

Thorn, Willy: Catholic News Service

Thornburg, Ryan: WashingtonPost.com

Thyfault, Mary: CongressDaily

Tierney, John: New York Times

Tilove, Jonathan: Newhouse News Service

Timberg, Robert: Baltimore Sun

Timberlake, Jeanene: Communications Daily

Timmons, Karen: Scripps Howard News Service

Tinsley, Elisa: USA Today

Toedtman, James: Newsday

Togasawa, Hidetoshi: Mainichi Shimbun

Tokito, Mineko: Yomiuri Shimbun

Toles, Tom: Washington Post

Tomkin, Robert: Congressional Quarterly

Tomkins, Richard: United Press International

Tomson, Bill: Oster Dow Jones

Toner, Robin: New York Times

Toppo, Gregory: USA Today

Torobin, Jeremy: Congressional Quarterly

Torres, Carlos: Bloomberg News

Torres, Craig: Bloomberg News

Torry, Jack: Columbus Dispatch

Torry, Saundra: USA Today

Toshi, Eiji: Jiji Press

Totten, Russell: Yomiuri Shimbun

Toyoda, Yochi: Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun

Toyokazu, Kondo: Sankei Shimbun

Trott, Nancy: Associated Press

Trott, William: Reuters

Truslow, Hugh: New York Times

Tsao, Yu Fen: Liberty Times

Tumulty, Brian: Gannett News Service

Tunks, Larry: Congressional Quarterly

Turner, Douglas: Buffalo News

Tyler, Patrick: New York Times

Tyson, Ann Scott: Christian Science Monitor

Tyson, James: Bloomberg News

Ullmann, Owen: USA Today

Urban, Peter: Connecticut Post

Urbanski, Kara: LRP Publications

Vadum, Matthew: Bond Buyer

Vaida, Bara: National Journal's Technology Daily

Val Mitjavila: Eusebio, La VanGuardia

Valbrun, Marjorie: Wall Street Journal

van der Linden, Frank: United States Press

Vande Hei, Jim: Washington Post

Vanden Brook, Tom: USA Today

Vander Haar, William: Associated Press

Vanichkin, Pavel: Itar-Tass News Agency

Vasquez, Patricia: Oil Daily

Vaughan, Martin: CongressDaily

Veazey, Walter: Scripps Howard News Service

Vekshin, Alison: Stephens Media Group

Vergano, Dan: USA Today

Viccora, Andrew: LRP Publications

Vicini, James: Reuters

Vidal Liy, Macarena: EFE News Services

Vieth, Warren: Los Angeles Times

Vineys, Kevin: Associated Press

Vise, Dan: Washington Post

Vitucci, Claire: Riverside Press-Enterprise

Vogel, Stephen: Washington Post

Von Drehle, David: Washington Post

Vorman, Julie: Reuters

Waggoner, John: USA Today

Wagman, Robert: Newspaper Enterprise

Wagner, Jr., John: McClatchy Newspapers

Waitz, Nancy: Reuters

Walcott, John: Knight Ridder

Wald, Matthew: New York Times

Walker, Martin: United Press International

Walsh, Bill: New Orleans Times-Picayune

Walsh, Campion: Dow Jones Newswires

Walsh, Edward: Washington Post

Walte, Juan: USA Today

Walton-James, Vickie: Chicago Tribune

Wang, Hong: Epoch Times

Ward, Jon: Washington Times

Warminsky, Joseph: Congressional Quarterly

Warrick, Joby: Washington Post

Washington, Wayne: Boston Globe

Watanabe, Tsutomu: Asahi Shimbun

Watanabe, Yosuke: Kyodo News

Waterman, Shaun: United Press International

Waters, Donald: Associated Press

Watson II, Ripley: Bloomberg News

Watson, Roland: London Times

Watson, Traci: USA Today

Watters, Susan: Fairchild News Service

Watts, William: CBS MarketWatch

Wayne, Leslie: New York Times

Webb, Fletcher: Associated Press

Webb, Thomas: Saint Paul Pioneer Press

Weber, Joseph: Washington Times

Weber, Maya: CongressDaily

Weglarczyk, Bartosz: Gazeta Wyborcza

Wegner, Mark: CongressDaily

Wehrman, Jessica: Scripps Howard News Service

Weintraub, Lisa: Congressional Quarterly

Weiser, Carl: Gannett News Service

[[Page 954]]

Weisman, Jonathan: Washington Post

Weisman, Steven: New York Times

Weiss, Rick: Washington Post

Welch, James: USA Today

Welch, William: USA Today

Wells, Billie Jean: Gannett News Service

Wells, Robert: Dow Jones Newswires

Wessel, David: Wall Street Journal

West, Paul: Baltimore Sun

Westphal, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Wetzel, Hubert: Financial Times

Wetzstein, Cheryl: Washington Times

Wheeler, Lawrence: Gannett News Service

White, Dina: Chicago Tribune

White, Gordon: Washington Telecommunications

White, Jr., Joseph: Associated Press

White, Keith: CongressDaily

Whitesides, John: Reuters

Whitney, David: McClatchy Newspapers

Whittle, Richard: Dallas Morning News

Wibisono, Christianto: Suara Pembaruan

Wibisono, Jasmine: Suara Pembaruan

Wiessler, David: Reuters

Wigfield, Mark: Dow Jones Newswires

Wiggins, Clayton: Wall Street Journal

Wilke, John: Wall Street Journal

Wilkie, Dana: Copley News Service

Wilkinson, Marian: Sydney Morning Herald

Wilkinson, Mark: Reuters

Willard, Anna: Reuters

Williams, David: Agence France-Presse

Williams, Joelle: Mainichi Shimbun

Williams, Leticia: CBS MarketWatch

Willing, Richard: USA Today

Willman, David: Los Angeles Times

Wilson, Christopher: Reuters

Wilson, Kinsey: USAToday.com

Wilson, Martha: Scripps Howard News Service

Wingfield, Brian: New York Times

Wingfield, Frederick: Associated Press

Winicour, Daniel: Congressional Quarterly

Winkler, Herbert: German Press Agency/DPA

Winski, Joe: Bloomberg News

Witcher, Tim: Agence France-Presse

Witcover, Jules: Baltimore Sun

Witham, Larry: Washington Times

Witt, Howard: Chicago Tribune

Witter, Willis: Washington Times

Wodele, Greta: CongressDaily

Wolf, Jim: Reuters

Wolf, Richard: USA Today

Wolfe, Elizabeth: Associated Press

Wolfe, Kathryn: Congressional Quarterly

Woo, Yee Ling: Congressional Quarterly

Wood, David: Newhouse News Service

Wood, Winston: Wall Street Journal

Woods, Michael: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

Woodward, Bob: Washington Post

Woutat, Donald: Los Angeles Times

Wright, Gregory: Gannett News Service

Wright, Ivan: Associated Press

Wright, Jonathan: Reuters

Wright, Robin: Los Angeles Times

Wu, Jianyou: Guangming Daily

Wynn, Randall: Congressional Quarterly

Wysocki, Jr., Bernard: Wall Street Journal

Xiao-Jing, Du: China Press

Xinghui, Zhang: China Youth Daily

Yamawaki, Takeshi: Asahi Shimbun

Yan, Feng: Xinhua News Agency

Yancey, Matthew: Associated Press

Yaukey, John: Gannett News Service

Ying, He: Xinhua News Agency

Yoder, Eric: Washington Post

Yoon, Gook-Han: Han-Kyoreh Shinmun

Yoshida, Toru: Nikkei

Yoshitsugu, Hiroshi: Nikkei

Yost, Benjamin: Associated Press

Yost, Pete: Associated Press

Young, Alison: Knight Ridder

Young, Jeffrey: Health News Daily

Young, Samantha: Stephens Media Group

Yu, Xiaokui: Guangming Daily

Yule, Robert: Asahi Shimbun

Yun, Linda: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zabarenko, Deborah: Reuters

Zagaroli, Lisa: Detroit News

Zakaria, Tabassum: Reuters

Zalewski, Witold: Polish Press Agency

Zaneski, Cyril: CongressDaily

Zapor, Patricia: Catholic News Service

Zaro, Erin: Saudi Press Agency

Zeleny, Jeff: Chicago Tribune

Zeller, Frank: German Press Agency/DPA

Zengerle, Patricia: Reuters

Zeranski, Todd: Bloomberg News

Zeuthen, Kasper: Yomiuri Shimbun

Zhang, Mengjun: Science and Technology Daily

Zhao, Guangjun: China Legal Daily

Zhenhua, Wang: Xinhua News Agency

Zhu, Xingfu: Shanghai Wenhui Daily

Ziegler, Julie: Bloomberg News

Zimmerman, Carol: Catholic News Service

Zitner, Aaron: Los Angeles Times

Zoroya, Gregg: USA Today

Zremski, Jerry: Buffalo News

Zuckerbrod, Nancy: Associated Press

Zuckman, Jill: Chicago Tribune

[[Page 955]]



                NEWSPAPERS REPRESENTED IN PRESS GALLERIES

                                     

       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

ABIM News Agency--(703) 243-2104; 1344 Merrie Ridge Road, McLean VA 22101: 
Mario Navarro Da Costa.

AFX News--(202) 414-0711; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, Washington, DC 
20005: Abid Aslam, Justin Cole, Corbett Daly, Panagiotis Pylas, Greg Robb.

ANSA Italian News Agency--(202) 628-3317; 1285 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Giampiero Gramaglia, Cristiano Del Riccio, Margery 
Friesner, Marcelo Raimon, Emenuele Riccardi.

Agence France-Presse--(202) 414-0602; 1015 15th Street, Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Patrick Anidjar, Gerard Aziakou, Pascal Barollier, 
Katherine Beddall, Laura Bonilla, Guy Clavel, Stephen Collinson, Christophe 
De Roquefeuil, Phillippe Debeusscher, Kenneth Dermota, Jean-Louis Doublet, 
Brigitte Dusseau, Francisco Ferrari, Claire Gallen, Stephane Ghazarian, 
Gabrielle Grenz-Marcuse, Stephanie Griffith, Carlos Hamann, Charles 
Hoskinson, Jr., Daniel Jahn, Maxim Kniazkov, Olivier Knox, Francis Kohn, 
Gildas Le Roux, Matthew Lee, Robert Lever, James Mannion, Allen Nacheman, 
Erika Pontarelli, Janet Poole, Jose Puertas, Charlotte Raab, Jean 
Raffaelli, Gersende Rambourg, Philippe Rater, Pascal Reynard, Jean-Louis 
Santini, Griffin Shea, Magan Sherzai, Jim Slater, Jean-Michel Stoullig, 
Francis Temman, David Williams, Tim Witcher, Corinne Suissa Zeimet.

Air Daily--(202) 349-2861; 1700 K Street, Suite 1202, Washington, DC 20006: 
Martin Coyne.

Akahata--(202) 393-5238; 978 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Seiji Endo, Koji Hamatani.

Albuquerque Journal--(202) 662-7488; 1111 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Michael Coleman.

AllAfrica.com--(202) 546-0777; 920 M Street, SE., Washington, DC 20003: 
Akwe Amosu, Charles Cobb, Jr., Tamela Hultman, Reed Kramer.

Allentown Morning Call--(202) 824-8216; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: Jeff Miller.

American Banker--(202) 347-5529; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 
20005: Dean Anason, Rob Blackwell, Todd Davenport, Rob Garver, Michele 
Heller, Alan Kline, Barbara Rehm, Laura Thompson.

American Metal Market--(202) 393-7750; 943 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Nancy Kelly.

Anchorage Daily News--(202) 383-0007; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Liz Ruskin.

Arizona Republic--(202) 906-8136; 1100 New York Avenue, 2nd Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Billy House.

Arkansas Democrat-Gazette--(202) 662-7690; 1190 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Paul Barton, Kevin Freking.

Artists & Writers Syndicate--(703) 820-4232; 6325 Beachway Drive, Falls 
Church, VA 22044: Frank Aukofer.

Asahi Shimbun--(202) 783-1000; 1022 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tsutomu Ishiaia, Michael Lang, Adom Mitkevicius, Toshiaki Miura, 
Tomohiro Murayama, Yoichi Nishimura, Diane Oh, Nobuyoshi Sakajiri, Megan 
Shoup, Takeshi Yamawaki, Robert Yule, Tsutomu Watanabe.

Associate Press--(202) 776-9400; 2021 K Street, 6th Floor, Washington, DC 
20006: James Abrams, Curt Anderson, Genaro Armas, Laurence Arnold, Jeannine 
Aversa, Frank Baker, Lolita Baldor, Devlin Barrett, Timothy Bovee, Ted 
Bridis, Robert Burns, Rebecca Carroll, Connie Cass, Wendy Coache, Dennis 
Conrad, Martin Crutsinger, Mary Dalrymple, Matthew Daly, Juan Davila, 
Thomas Delaney, Harry Dunphy, Dee-Ann Durbin, Ronald Edmonds, Jr., David 
Espo, Jerry Estill, Carole Feldman, Ben Feller, Alan Fram, Daniel Freedman, 
Frederick Frommer, Robert Furlow, Joseph Galianese, Suzanne Gamboa, Anne 
Gearan, George Gedda, Robert Gehrke, Emily Gersema, Andreas Gibson, Robert 
Glass, David Gonzalez, Marcy Gordon, Ken Guggenheim, Heather Gundersen, Sam 
Hananel, Carl Hartman, Merrill Hartson, H. Josef Hebert, John Heilprin, 
Earl Hinton, Gina Holland, Christopher Huber, Michael Hughes, David Ho, 
Jesse Holland, Terence Hunt, Nestor Ikeda, Pauline Jelinek, Sandy Johnson, 
Lara Jordan, Ron Kampeas, Matthew Kelley, Jennifer Kerr, Lou Kesten, Eun 
Kyung Kim, Aparna Kumar, William Lester, Jennifer Loren, John Lumpkin, 
William Mann, Lawrence Margasak, Siobhan McDonough, Jeffrey McMurray, 
Leslie Miller, Laura Meckler, Lauran Neergaard, Lancelot Norville, Mark 
Olchowy, Anthony Pace, David Pace, Vanessa Palo, Mary Pennybacker, Nedra 
Pickler, Ronald Powers, Marc Price, Melinda Purce, Eileen Putman, Libby 
Quaid, Thomas Raum, Paul Recer, Keith Rickett, John Riddell, Jr., Deb 
Riechmann-Kepler, Melissa Robinson, Harry Rosenthal, Sonya Ross, Malia 
Rulon, Jonathan Salant, Randolph Schmid, Barry Schweid, Mark Sherman, Todd 
Sigurdson, Rodrigo Silva, Michael Sniffen, John Solomon, Thomas Strong, 
Leigh Strope, Jack Sullivan, Darlene Superville, Sharon Theimer, Nancy 
Trott, William Vander Haar, Kevin Vineys, Donald Waters, Fletcher Webb,

[[Page 956]]

Joseph White, Jr., Frederick Wingfield, Elizabeth Wolfe, Ivan Wright, 
Matthew Yancey, Benjamin Yost, Pete Yost, Nancy Zuckerbrod.

Atlanta Journal-Constitution--(202) 887-8380; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20001: George Edmonson, Melanie Eversley.

Austin American Statesman--(202) 887-8329; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 
750, Washington, DC 20001: Chuck Lindell.

Australian--(202) 628-7079; 446 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Roy Eccleston.

Australian Financial Review--(202) 639-8084; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, 
#904, Washington, DC 20004: Peter Hartcher.

Baltimore Sun--(202) 416-0268; 1627 K Street, Suite 1100, Washington, DC 
20006: Susan Baer, Jeffrey Barker, Tom Bowman, Julie Davis, Ellen Gamerman, 
Gail Gibson, David Greene, Karen Hosler, Robert Little, Mark Matthews, John 
O'Donnell Jr., Laura Sullivan, Robert Timberg, Paul West, Jules Witcover.

Basler Zeitung--(202) 986-7542; 1526 Corcoran Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20009: Lucian Casper.

BioWorld Today--(202) 719-7816; 4301 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 22302: Kim Coghill.

Birmingham News--(202) 383-7837; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mary Orndorff.

Bloomberg News--(202) 624-1847; 1399 New York Avenue, 11th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Charles Allen III, Alex Canizares, William Arthur, 
Laurie Asseo, Terrence Barrett, Theresa Barry, Paul Basken, Joshua Baylin, 
Jeffrey Bliss, Amy Butler, Anthony Capaccio, Sonya Cooper, Patrick Chu, 
Susan Decker, Vincent Del Giudice, Edward DeMarco, Catherine Dodge, Ryan 
Donmoyer, Kerry Dooley, Mark Drajem, Bob Drummond, James Efstathiou, Daniel 
Enoch, Andrew Ferguson, Stephen Geimann, Steve Gettinger, Daniel Goldstein, 
Vince Golle, Robert Greene, Glenn Hall, Kristen Hallam, Paul Hendrie, John 
Hughes, Ann Hughey, Kristin Jensen, Glen Justice, Simon Kennedy, Scott 
Lanman, Laura Litvan, Kristy McKeaney, Michael McKee, Mark McQuillan, Robin 
Meszoly, Kevin Miller, Brendan Murray, William Murray, C. JoAnne Norton, 
James O'Connell, Joseph O'Reilly II, Robert Parry, Art Pine, Heidi 
Przybyla, John Rega, Joseph Richter, William Roberts III, Neil Roland, 
Holly Rosenkrantz, James Rowley, James Rubin, Roger Runningen, Tamra 
Santana, Bill Schmick, Robert Schmidt, Robert Simison, Laura Smitherman, 
Keith Snider, Joseph Sobczyk, Jeffery St. Onge, Greg Stohr, Anne Marie 
Stolley, Alexandre Tanzi, Carlos Torres, Craig Torres, James Tyson, Ripley 
Watson II, Joe Winski, Todd Zeranski, Julie Ziegler.

Boersen-Zeitung--(202) 229-0200; 1779 Church Street, Washington, DC 20036: 
Alexandra Louven.

Bond Buyer--(202) 434-0307; 1325 G Street, Suite 900, Washington, DC 20005: 
Susanna Duff, Craig Ferris, Lynn Hume, Emily Newman, Humberto Sanchez, 
Matthew Vadum.

Boston Globe--(202) 857-5050; 1130 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 520, 
Washington, DC 20036: Peter Canellos, Lyle Denniston, John Donnelly, Steven 
Glain, Glen Johnson, Anne Kornblut, Michael Kranish, Mary Leonard, Susan 
Milligan, Thomas Oliphant, Robert Schlesinger, Cynthia Taylor, Wayne 
Washington.

Boston Herald--(202) 6381796; 988 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Andrew Miga, Noelle Straub.

Buffalo News--(202) 737-3188; 1141 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Douglas Turner, Jerry Zremski.

Capital Connections--(202) 337-2044; 1698 32nd Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Karen Feld.

Casper Star-Tribune--(202) 669-6392; 1090 Vermont Avenue, 10th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Theodore Monoson.

Catholic News Service--(202) 541-3268; 3211 Fourth Street, NE., Washington, 
DC 20017: Julie Asher, Agostino Bono, Barbara Fraze, Jerome Filteau, Nancy 
Hartnagel, Nancy O'Brien, Mark Pattison, Stephen Steele, Willy Thorn, 
Patricia Zapor, Carol Zimmerman.

CBS MarketWatch--(202) 824-0548; 620 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Matt Andrejczak, Jeffrey Bartash, Rachel Koning, Michael Maynard, 
Margaret McNeil, Rex Nutting, William Watts, Leticia Williams.

Central News Agency--(202) 628-2738; 1173 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Jay Chen, Wu-hueng Kuo, Kuen-yuan Liu.

Charleston (WVA) Daily Mail--(202) 662-8732; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Karin Fischer.

Charlotte Observer--(202) 383-6057; 700 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Timothy Funk.

Chattanooga Times/Free Press--(202) 662-7651; 1190 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Andrew Sher.

Chicago Sun-Times--(202) 662-8808; 1206 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Robert Novak, Lynn Sweet.

Chicago Tribune--(202) 824-8227; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: Naftali Bendavid, Mike Dorning, Jan Greenburg, Stephen Hedges, Frank 
James III, Robert Kemper, Michael Kilian, William Neikirk, Clarence Page, 
Cam Simpson, Paul Singer, R. Michael Tackett, Vickie Walton-James, Dina 
White, Howard Witt, Jeff Zeleny, Jill Zuckman.

[[Page 957]]

China Economic Daily--(703) 698-8579; 3305 Crest Haven Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22042: Zhengxin Li.

China Legal Daily--(703) 413-9251; 2111 Jefferson Davis Hwy #1109-Sth, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Shaojie Feng, Guangjun Zhao.

China Post--(301) 335-1359; 11750-B Apt. #2231 Old Georgetown, Bethesda, MD 
20852: Christopher Cockel.

China Press--(703) 289-6651; 3207 Allen Street, #301, Falls Church, VA 
22042: Du Xiao-Jing.

China Times--(202) 347-5670; 952 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Norman Fu, Ping Liu.

China Wen Hui Bao Daily--(703) 521-2371; 1600 S. Eads Street, #1134-N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Guihang Ci.

China Youth Daily--(703) 979-6080; 1900 S. Eads St., #1003, Arlington, VA 
22202: Zhang Xinghui.

Christian Science Monitor--(202) 785-4400; 910 16th Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20006: Faye Bowers, Gail Chaddock, David Cook, Linda 
Feldmann, Peter Grier, Howard La Franchi, Elizabeth Marlantes, Jeff 
McCrehan, Warren Richey, Ann Scott Tyson.

Chronicle of Higher Education--(202) 466-1075; 1255 23rd Street, 
Washington, DC 20037: Michael Arnone, Anne Marie Borrego, Jeffrey Brainard, 
Stephen Burd, Dan Carnevale, Sara Hebel, Peter Schmidt, Jeffrey Selingo.

Clarin--(202) 737-4850; 539 14th Street Suite 1271, Washington, DC 20045: 
Ana Baron Supervielle.

Cleveland Plain Dealer--(202) 638-1366; 930 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Elizabeth Auster, Thomas Diemer, Sabrina Eaton, 
Stephen Koff, Nedra Shelly.

Columbia State--(202) 383-6032; 700 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Lauren Markoe.

Columbus Dispatch--(202) 824-6765; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 850, 
Washington, DC 20001: Jonathan Riskind, Jack Torry.

Communications Daily--(202) 872-9200; 2115 Ward Court, Washington, DC 
20037: R. Michael Feazel, Mary Greczyn, Brigitte Greenberg, Edith Herman, 
Dinesh Kumar, Terry Lane, Dawson Nail, Steve Peacock, Susan Polyakova, 
Patrick Ross, Dugie Standeford, Jeanene Timberlake.

CongressDaily--(202) 261-0385; 1501 M Street, Suite 300, Washington, DC 
20005: Pamela Barnett, April Fulton, Bill Ghent, Juliana Gruenwald, Emily 
Heil, David Hess, Charles Jordan, Keith Koffler, Margo MacFarland, Charles 
Mitchell, Desda Moss, Robert Ourlian, Louis Peck, Michael Posner, Spencer 
Rich, Julie Rovner, Karen Scrivo, Lori Sharn, Richard Sia, John Stanton, 
Mary Thyfault, Martin Vaughan, Maya Weber, Mark Wegner, Keith White, Greta 
Wodele, Cyril Zaneski.

Congressional Information Bureau--(703) 516-4801; 5001 Lee Hwy, Suite 102, 
Arlington, VA 20007: Robert Cazalas, James LaRoue, Jr.

Congressional Quarterly--(202) 887-8500; 1414 22nd Street, Washington, DC 
20007: Rebecca Adams, Liza Ackerman, Jonathan Allen, Martha Angle, Joseph 
Anselmo, Janet Austin, Jorge Banales, Virginia Barazia, Jill Barshay, 
Robert Benenson, Susan Benkelman, Nell Benton, Adriel Bettelheim, Arwen 
Bicknell, John Bicknell, Geoffrey Bosworth, Wendy Boudreau, Jonathan 
Broder, Ronald Brodmann, Arthur Brodsky, Alecia Burke, David Butler, Mary 
Agnes Carey, James Carroll, Mike Christensen, Colin Clark, David Clarke, 
John Cochran, George Codrea, Peter Cohn, Chuck Conlon, John Cranford, Craig 
Crawford, Richard Daly, David Davis, Jack Deutsch, Jennifer Dlouhy, Loren 
Duggan, Susan Ferrechio, Helen Fessenden, Kelly Field, Andrew Freedman, 
Chris Fruitrich, Gregory Giroux, Shelia Goffe, Samuel Goldreich, Adam 
Graham-Silverman, Kimberly Hallock, Peter Harrell, Caitlin Harrington, 
David Hawkings, Chuck Hawkins, Robert Healy, Caitlin Hendel, Liriel Higa, 
Siobhan Hughes, Mary Clare Jalonick, Kerry Jones, Patricia Joy, Martin Kady 
II, Ritu Kelotra, Noella Kertes, Peter King, Christopher Logan, Gebe 
Martinez, Frank McGee, David Miller, Marilee Miller, Jay Millikan, Michael 
Mills, Sarah Molenkamp, Scott Montgomery, David Nather, Anne Nordness, 
Stephen Norton, Brian Nutting, Joseph Nyitray, Alan Ota, Adam Pallotto, 
Daniel Parks, Steven Patrick, Keith Perine, Gayle Putrich, David Rapp, Eric 
Ray, Daphne Retter, Betty Richardson, Jonathan Riehl, Katherine Rizzo, 
Stuart Robinson, Peter Roybal, Brent Rudell, Adam Satariano, Joseph Schatz, 
Kate Schuler, Mike Sherry, Kathleen Silvassy, Carolyn Skorneck, Niels 
Sorrells, Charles Southwell, Jana Steiger, Jeff Stein, Allison Stevens, 
Bill Swindell, Andrew Taylor, Robert Tomkin, Jeremy Torobin, Larry Tunks, 
Joseph Warminsky, Lisa Weintraub, Daniel Winicour, Kathryn Wolfe, Yee Ling 
Woo, Randall Wynn.

Connecticut Post--(202) 662-8927; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Peter Urban.

Copley News Service--(202) 737-7686; 1100 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Joe Cantlupe, George Condon, Jr., Toby Eckert, Jerry 
Kammer, Paul Krawzak, Otto Kreisher, Finlay Lewis, Dori Meinert, Rosemary 
Petersen, Marcus Stern, Dana Wilkie.

Cox Newspapers--(202) 887-8361; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: Andrew Alexander, Susan Burns, Rebecca Carr, Arthur 
Dalglish, Robert Dart, Robert Deans, Jr., Marilyn Geewax, Charles Holmes, 
Elliot Jaspin, Julia Malone, Andrew Mollison, Eunice Moscoso, Jeff Nesmith, 
Carl Rauscher, Jr., Scott Shepard, Frank Tedards.

Creators Syndicate--(202) 662-1255; 1009 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Mark Shields.

Daily Deal--(202) 429-2995; 1775 K Street, Suite 590, Washington, DC 20006: 
Shanon Murray, Ron Orol, Jaret Seiberg.

[[Page 958]]

Daily Oklahoman--(202) 662-7547; 914 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Chris Casteel, Mark Green.

Daily Variety--(202) 463-3705; 1627 K Street, Washington, DC 20006: Susan 
Crabtree.

Dallas Morning News--(202) 661-8417; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, Washington, 
DC 20005: Robert Dodge, Todd Gillman, G. Robert Hillman, David Jackson, 
James Landers, Carl Leubsdorf, Katherine Lewis, Michelle Mittelstadt, James 
Morris, Allen Pusey, Richard Whittle.

Dayton Daily News--(202) 887-8329; 400 North Capitol Street, Suite 750, 
Washington, DC 20001: Mei-Ling Hopgood.

Defense Daily--(703) 522-5655; 1111 N. 19th Street, Suite 503, Arlington, 
VA 22209: Neil Baumgardner, Lorenzo Cortes, Kerry Gildea, Hunter Keeter, 
Brennan Kessner, John Robinson.

Denver Post--(202) 662-8730; 1255 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: John Farrell, Anne Mulkern, Michael Soraghan.

Der Tagesspiegel--(202) 234-2168; 766 A Chireh Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Malte Lehming.

Des Moines Register--(202) 906-8137; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Philip Brasher, Jane Norman.

Deseret News--(202) 737-5311; 1061 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Lee Davidson.

Detroit Free Press--(202) 383-6036; 700 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ruby Bailey.

Detroit News--(202) 662-7382; 1148 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Alison Bethel, Jeff Plungis, Deborah Price, Richard Ryan, Lisa 
Zagaroli.

Die Tageszeitung--(202) 462-6824; 1721 Newton Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20020: Michael Streck.

Dow Jones Newswires--(202) 862-9256; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 1100, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mark Anderson, Jeffrey Bater, Lynn Bliss, Judith 
Burns, Rebecca Christie, John Connor, Jennifer Corbett Dooren, John 
Godfrey, Laurin Keto, Dawn Kopecki, Deborah Lagomarsino, Dan Lowrey, Otesa 
Middleton, Elizabeth Price, Philip McCarty, Joseph Rebello, Takeshi 
Takeuchi, Campion Walsh, Robert Wells, Mark Wigfield.

Edinburgh Scotsman--(202) 277-9368; 2515 13th Street, Apt. #408, 
Washington, DC 20009: Alex Massie.

Education Daily--(202) 312-6083; 1333 M Street, Suite 100 East, Washington, 
DC 20005: Michael Cardman, Katharine Chase, Travis Hicks, Alana Keynes, 
Hannah Rubin.

EFE News Services--(202) 745-7692; 1252 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Cesar Munoz Acebes, Maria Azpiazu, Jorge Banales, 
Rafael Canas, Macarena Vidal Liy, Orlando Lizama, Rebecca Logan, Rosendo 
Majano, Maria Pena, Fernando Puchol.

El Columbiano--(703) 683-6786; 2402 Comeron Mills Road, Alexandria, VA 
22302: Silvia Dangond.

El Financiero--(703) 707-0236; 2300 Darius Lane, Reston, VA 20191: Dolia 
Estevez.

El Norte-Reforma--(202) 628-0031; 1126 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Maria Gonzalez.

El Nuevo Dia--(202) 662-7360; 1053 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Delgado.

El Pais--(202) 638-7604; 1134 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Enrique Gonzalez.

El Tiempo--(202) 607-5929; 2402 Cameron Mills Road, Alexandria, VA 22302: 
Sergio Gomez.

El Universal--(202) 662-7190; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jose Carreno.

El Vocero de Puerto Rico--(703) 914-1557; 4524 Airlie Way, Annadale, VA 
22003: Javier Maymi.

Energy Argus--(202) 349-2860; 1012 14th Street, Suite 1500, Washington, DC 
20005: Abby Caplan, Micheal Ball, Jason Feer, Carli Flippen, Peter Gardett, 
Steven Marcy, Julie McDowell, Mark Mueller, Michael Niven, Amena Saiyid.

Energy Daily--(202) 662-9739; 1325 G Street, Suite 1003, Washington, DC 
20005: Jeff Beattie, Tina Davis, Christopher Holly, Llewellyn King, George 
Lobsenz.

Epoch Times--(301) 963-3134; 7602 Quincewood Court, Rockville, MD 20855: 
Hui Jing, Hong Wang.

Fairbanks Daily News Miner--(202) 662-8721; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sam Bishop.

Fairchild News Service--(202) 662-8828; 954 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kristi Ellis, Joanna Ramey, Susan Watters.

Financial Times--(202) 434-0987; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, Washington, DC 
20005: Edward Alden, Ayda Atallah, Gerard Baker, Alan Beattie, Joshua 
Chaffin, Peronet Despeignes, Guy Dinmore, Nancy Dunne, James Harding, Nancy 
McCord, Deborah McGregor, Demetri Sevastopulo, Peter Spiegel, Hubert 
Wetzel.

Financial Times-Deutschland--(202) 737-5377; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 
Washington, DC 20005: Yvonne Esterhazy.

Fort Worth Star-Telegram--(202) 383-6016; 700 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: David Montgomery, Maria Recio.

Frankfurter Rundschau--(301) 762-9661; 5011 Keokuk Street, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Dietmar Ostermann.

Fredericksburg Freelance-Star--(540) 368-5004; 616 Amelia Street, 
Fredericksburg, VA 22401: Johnathan Hunley.

Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette--(202) 879-6710; 551 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Sylvia Smith.

Gannett News Service--(703) 854-5898; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McClean VA, 
22107: Caesar Andrews, Marie Marino, Craig Schwed.

[[Page 959]]

Gannett News Service--(202) 906-8133; 1100 New York Avenue, Washington, DC 
20005: Douglas Abrahms, Greg Barrett, Robert Benincasa, Larry Bivins, Faith 
Bremner, Pamela Brogan, Sergio Bustos, Catalina Camia, Dennis Camire, Raju 
Chebium, Ronald Cohen, Derrick DePledge, Linda Dono, Val Ellicott, Ellyn 
Ferguson, Jon Frandsen, Jim Golden, Maureen Groppe, Erin Kelly, Ledyard 
S.R. King, John Machacek, Mike Madden, Frances Mears, Charles Raasch, Ana 
Radelat, Laura Rehrmann, Susan Roth, Fredreka Schouten, Katherine Scott, 
Brian Tumulty, Carl Weiser, Billie Jean Wells, Lawrence Wheeler, Gregory 
Wright, John Yaukey.

Gazeta Wyborcza--(202) 887-8336; 400 North Capitol Street, #750, 
Washington, DC 20001: Bartosz Weglarczyk.

German Press Agency-DPA--(202) 662-1220; 969 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Gabriele Chwallek, Frank Fuhrig, Mike McCarthy, 
Thomas Mueller, Christiane Oelrich, Paticia Reber, Maria Isabel Rivero, Lea 
Ann Schnakenberg, Herbert Winkler, Frank Zeller.

Global Horizons Syndicate--(202) 966-8636; 1330 New Hampshire Avenue, 
Washington, DC 20036: Edward Flattau.

Griffin-Larrabee News Service--(202) 554-3579; 2404 Davis Avenue, 
Alexandria, VA 22302: Betty Mills.

Guangming Daily--(202) 363-0628; 4816 Butterworth Place, NW., Washington, 
DC 20016: Jianyou Wu, Xiaokui Yu.

Handelsblatt--(202) 965-0563; 3206 Q Street, Washington, DC 20007: Viola 
Herms-Drath.

Han-Kyoreh Shinmun--(202) 347-7411; 3305 Cannongate Road, Washington, DC 
22031: Gook-Han Yoon.

Harrisburg Patriot-News--(202) 383-7833; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20036: Brett Lieberman.

Hartford Courant--(202) 824-8452; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: Rene Brown, Janice D'Arcy, Liz Halloran, David Lightman, John 
MacDonald, Michael Remez.

Health News Daily--(301) 657-9830; 5550 Friendship Boulevard, Suite 1, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: Nellie Bristol, David Glendinning, Jeffrey Young.

Hearst Newspapers--(202) 263-6400; 1850 K Street, NW., Suite 1000, 
Washington, DC 20006: Kristen Collie, Dan Freedman, Mark Helm, Judy 
Holland, Charles Lewis, Marianne Means, Stewart Powell, Eric Rosenberg, 
Timothy Spence, Helen Thomas.

Helsingin Sanomat--(202) 955-7956; 1726 M Street, NW., Suite #700, 
Washington, DC 20036: Jyri Raivio.

Hindu--(301) 654-9038; 4701 Willard Avenue, #1531, Chevy Chase, MD 20815: 
Sridhara Krishnaswami.

Hollywood Reporter--(202) 833-8845; 910 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Brooks Boliek.

Houston Chronicle--(202) 393-6880; 1341 G Street, Suite 201, Washington, DC 
20005: Michael Hedges, David Ivanovich, Julie Mason, Karen Masterson, Cragg 
Hines, John Henry, Patty Reinert-Mason, Bennett Roth.

Hurriyet--(301) 564-6691; 16 Grove Ridge Court, Rockville, MD 20852: Mehmet 
Cindemir.

Il Corriere Della Sera--(202) 879-6733; 450 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ennio Caretto, Laura Nasso.

Il Giornale--(202) 237-1019; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20016: 
Mariuccia Chiantaretto.

Il Secolo XIX--(202) 957-8522; 3030 44th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20026: 
Elysa Fazzino.

Il Sole 24 Ore--(202) 879-6733; 450 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Mario Calvo Platero.

Il Tempo--(202) 306-4737; 3140 Wisconsin Avenue, Washington, DC 20016: 
Stefano Marchi.

Inter Press Service--(202) 662-7160; 1293 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: James Lobe, Emad Mekay.

International Herald Tribune--(202) 862-0357; 1150 15th Street, Washington, 
DC 20071: Brian Knowlton.

Investor's Business Daily--(202) 728-2150; 1701 K Street, Suite 550, 
Washington, DC 20006: Joseph Guinto, Sean Higgins, Brian Mitchell.

Itar-Tass News Agency--(202) 662-7080; 1004 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dmitry Kirsanov, Ivan Lebedev, Andrei Sitov, Andrey 
Surzhanskiy, Pavel Vanichkin.

Jiji Press--(202) 783-4330; 550 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Kazuyasu Akashi, Yoshida Kishida, Satoko Kogure, Junichi Murata, 
Tetsuya Nakano, Katushiko Sakai, Carlos Solis Jr., Eiji Toshi.

Joong Ang Ilbo--(202) 347-0122; 839 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hyo-joon Lee.

Kansas City Star--(202) 383-6105; 700 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: David Goldstein, Matthew Stearns.

Kipling News Service--(301) 929-0760; 12611 Farnell Drive, Silver Spring, 
MD 20906: Bogdan Kipling.

Knight Ridder--(202) 383-6004; 700 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Beryl Adcock, James Asher, Seth Borenstein, Robert Boyd, Andrew 
Brown, Steven Butler, Sumana Chatterjee, Joyce Davis, Joseph Galloway, 
Frank Greve, Stephen Henderson, Clark Hoyt, Ron Hutcheson, Diego Ibarguen, 
James Kuhnhenn, Jonathan Landay, Shannon McCaffrey, Ken Moritsugu, Anthony 
Pugh, Robert Rankin, Renee Schoof, Warren Strobel, Steven Thomma, John 
Walcott, Alison Young.

Korea Dong-A Ilbo--(202) 347-4097; 974 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Soon-Taek Kwon.

[[Page 960]]

Korea Economic Daily--(202) 347-2014; 909 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Gwangchul Go.

Kuwait News Agency--(202) 347-5554; 906 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Adnan Aljadi, Ronald Baygents.

Kyodo News--(202) 347-5767; 400 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Hirotsugu Aida, Masaaki Aoki, Moriyasu Chikazawa, Masahiko Hisae, 
Tetsuji Ida, Hideomi Kinoshita, Yoichi Kosukegawa, Seiko Kyan, Todd Miller, 
Yoshio Miyasaka, Kakuya Ogata, Masakatsu Ota, Testsuya Shimada, Yuriko 
Sumikawa, Akira Takahashi, Yosuke Watanabe.

Kyung Hyang Shinmun--(703) 241-5511; 1914 Autumn Chase Court, Falls Church, 
VA 22043: Seung Chull Lee.

La Jornada--(202) 547-5852; 132 North Carolina Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 
20003: David Brooks, James Cason.

La Nacion--(202) 628-7907; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jorge Rosales.

La Nacion USA--(703) 998-9493; 2615-A Shirlington Road, Arlington VA, 
22206: Farid Deantonio, Maria Eguigure, Pablo Sandino Martinez.

La Nazione--(202) 347-0245; 450 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Cesare De Carlo.

La Opinion--(202) 662-1240; 962 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Maribel Hastings.

La Tribuna--(202) 737-5349; 1193 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Jacobo Goldstein.

La VanGuardia--(301) 229-1695; 6812 Algonquin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20817: 
Eusebio Val Mitjavila.

Lahore Daily Times--(703) 280-5832; 9019 Bowler Drive, Fairfax, VA, 22031: 
Khalid Hasan.

Las Vegas Sun--(202) 662-7245; 529 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Benjamin Grove.

Le Mauricien--(301) 424-3884; 1084 Pipestem Place, Potomac, MD 20854: 
Pamela Glass.

Le Monde--(202) 347-2520; 1826 Biltmore Street, Washington, DC 20009: 
Patrick Jarreau.

Liberation--(202) 249-9343; 4127 Harrison Street, Washington, DC 20015: 
Pascal Riche.

Liberty Times--(202) 879-6765; 1294 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Yu Fen Tsao.

London Daily Telegraph--(202) 393-5195; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, #904, 
Washington, DC 20004: Toby Harnden, David Rennie.

London Evening Standard--(607) 589-7306; 8 Jefferson Avenue, Takoma Park, 
MD 20912: Eva Lauren Chambliss.

London Guardian--(202) 223-2486; 1730 Rhode Island Avenue, #502, 
Washington, DC 20036: Julian Borger, Suzanne Goldenberg.

London Independent--(202) 467-4460; 1726 M Street, Suite 700, Washington, 
DC 20008: Rupert Cornwell.

London Sunday Telegraph--(202) 393-5195; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 
904, Washington, DC 20004: Julian Coman.

London Times--(202) 349-7659; 446 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Elaine Monahan, Tim Reid, Roland Watson.

L'Orient-Le Jour--(202) 842-3681; 1045 31st Street, #404, Washington, DC 
20007: Wafik Ramadan.

Los Angeles Daily Journal--(202) 484-8255; 1 First Street, NE., Pressroom, 
Washington, DC 20543: David Pike.

Los Angeles Daily News--(202) 662-8731; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Lisa Friedman.

Los Angeles Newspaper Group--(202) 662-8925; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: William Hillburg.

Los Angeles Times--(202) 293-4650; 1875 I Street, Suite 1100, Washington, 
DC 20006: Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Nick Anderson, Stephen Braun, Ronald 
Brownstein, Edwin Chen, Richard Cooper, Mary Curtius, Robert Drogin, Sonni 
Efron, Mark Fineman, Faye Fiore, Don Frederick, James Gerstenzang, Lisa 
Getter, Adrianne Goodman, Peter Gosselin, Joel Havemann, Jacob Heilbrunn, 
John Hendren, Leslie Hoffecker Janet Hook, Vicki Kemper, David Lamb, Thomas 
McCarthy, Allison McIntyre, Doyle McManus, Joshua Meyer, Alan Miller, Greg 
Miller, Deborah Nelson, Chuck Neubauer, Johanna Neuman, Judy Pasternak, 
Robert Patrick, Jonathan Peterson, Maura Reynolds, Paul Richter, James 
Robinson, Phillip Ruiz, Edmund Sanders, David Savage, Richard Schmitt, 
Esther Schrader, Jube Shiver, Jr., Elizabeth Shogren, Richard Serrano, 
Kenneth Silverstein, Richard Simon, Warren Vieth, David Willman, Donald 
Woutat, Robin Wright, Aaron Zitner.

Louisville Courier Journal--(202) 906-8141; 1100 New York Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20005: James Carroll.

Lowell Sun Media News Group--(202) 662-8926; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ian Bishop.

LRP Publications--(703) 684-5244; 1555 King Street, Suite 200, Alexandria, 
VA 22314: Julie Ellis, Jason Emerson, Kathleen Filipczyk, Patrick Harden, 
Drew Long, Katherine Shek, Kara Urbanski, Andrew Viccora.

L'Unita--(202) 237-1050; 2841 Arizona Terrace, Washington, DC 20045: Bruno 
Marolo.

Maghreb Arabe Presse--(703) 538-7780; 6018 Woodley Road, McLean, VA 22101: 
Abderrahmane Kassou.

Magyar Szo--(202) 904-4433; 1775 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 207, 
Washington, DC 20036: Tibor Purger.

[[Page 961]]

Mainichi Shimbun--(202) 737-2817; 340 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Toshifumi Kawano, Tetsuo Nakajima, Chiyako Sato, Masanori 
Takegawa, Hidetoshi Togasawa, Joelle Williams.

Market News International--(202) 371-2121; 552 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Erica Beckner, Steven Beckner, Denny Gulino, Claudia 
Hirsch, Kevin Kastner, Chris Middleton, Yali N'Diaye, Joseph Plocek, 
Heather Scott, John Shaw, Theresa Sheehan.

McClatchy Newspapers--(202) 383-0017; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Les Blumenthal, Michael Bold, Muriel Dobbin, Michael 
Doyle, Greg Gordon, Lawrence O'Rourke, James Rosen, Mary Settles, John 
Wagner, Jr., David Westphal, David Whitney.

McClendon News Service--(202) 797-8467; 2933 28th Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20008: David MacDonald.

Media General News Service--(202) 662-7670; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: John Hall, Gilbert Klein Jr., Richard Lee, Marsha 
Mercer, Kirsten Mitchell.

Medical Device Daily--(202) 719-7814; 4301 Conneticut Avenue, Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 20008: Kevin New.

Miami Herald--(202) 383-6054; 700 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Frank Davies, Timothy Johnson.

Military Update--(703) 830-6863; P.O. Box 23111, Centreville, VA 20120: 
Thomas Philpott.

Milwaukee Journal Sentinel--(202) 662-7290; 940 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Craig Gilbert, Katherine Skiba.

Minneapolis Star Tribune--(202) 383-0003; 420 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kevin Diaz, Gregory Gordon, Rob Hotakainen.

Mobile Register--(202) 383-7815; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Sean Reilly.

Munwha Ilbo--(202) 662-7342; 1148 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Mi Sook Lee.

Myers News Service--(202) 4791130; 8213 Taunton Place, Springfield, VA 
22152: Michael Myers.

National Journal's Technology Daily--(202) 261-0364; 1501 M Street, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20005: Chloe Albanesius, Shawn Chen, Drew Clark, K. 
Daniel Glover, Sharon McLoone, William New, Margaret Peterson, Teri Rucker, 
Maureen Sirhal, Bara Vaida.

National News Research Syndicate--(202) 223-1196; 500 23rd Street, NW., 
Washington, DC 20037: Charles Kendall, Jr., Ralph de Toledano.

National Post--(202) 638-7055; 529 14th Street, NW., Suite 529, Washington, 
DC 20045: Jan Cienski, Alexander Rose.

New Haven Register--(202) 737-5654; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20004: Joseph Straw.

New Orleans Times-Picayune--(202) 383-7817; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 
300, Washington, DC 20036: Bruce Alpert, John McQuaid, Bill Walsh.

New York Daily News--(202) 467-6770; 1615 M Street, Suite 720, Washington, 
DC 20036: Kenneth Bazinet, Thomas DeFrank, Helen Kennedy, James Meek, 
Richard Sisk.

New York Post--(202) 393-1787; 1114 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Brian Blomquist, Vincent Morris, Deborah Orin.

New York Sun--(202) 628-1040; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., #904N, 
Washington, DC 20004: Tim Starks.

New York Times--(202) 862-0300; 1627 I Street, Suite 700, Washington, DC 
20006: Jill Abramson, Edmund Andrews, Von Aulston, Janet Battaile, 
Elizabeth Becker, Richard Berke, David Binder, Monica Borkowski, Julie 
Bosman, Joel Brinkley, Gregory Brock, Elisabeth Bumiller, Lynette 
Clemetson, Adam Clymer, John Cushman, Jr., James Dao, Cate Doty, Maureen 
Dowd, John Files III, David Firestone, Jeff Gerth, Michael Gordon, Linda 
Greenhouse, Janis Harland, Raymond Hernandez, Elizabeth Hines, Steven 
Holmes, Carl Hulse, Douglas Jehl, David Johnston, Stephen Labaton, Carl 
Lavin, Warren Leary, Jennifer Lee, Neil Lewis, Eric Lichtblau, Christopher 
Marquis, Renwick McLean, Clifton Meadows, Judith Miller, Adam Nagourney, 
Elizabeth Olson, Richard Oppel, Robert Pear, Todd Purdum, James Risen, 
David Rosenbaum, William Safire, David Sanger, Diana Schemo, Eric Schmitt, 
Katharine Seelye, Thomas Shanker, Philip Shenon, Ronald Skarzenski, Richard 
Stevenson, Sheryl Stolberg, David Stout, Rachel Swarns, John Tierney, Robin 
Toner, Hugh Truslow, Patrick Tyler, Matthew Wald, Leslie Wayne, Steven 
Weisman, Brian Wingfield.

New York Times Regional News--(202) 862-0382; Cory Reiss.

Newark Star-Ledger--(202) 383-7823; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Robert Cohen, J. Scott Orr.

Newhouse News Service--(202) 383-7835; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Miles Benson, William Cahir, Deborah Howell, Linda 
Fibich, Sarah Kellogg, Terence Kivlan, Katherine Lewis, Chuck McCutcheon, 
Michele Melendez, JoAnn Moriarty, Mark O'Keefe, Delia Rios, Bruce Seeman, 
Dru Sefton, Jonathan Tilove, David Wood.

Newport News Daily Press--(202) 824-8224; 1325 G Street, NW., Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: David Lerman.

Newsday--(202) 628-8481; 1730 Pennsylvania Avenue, #850, Washington, DC 
20006: Deborah Barfield Berry, Thomas Brune, Marie Cocco, William Douglas, 
Anne Hoy, Kenneth Fireman, Thomas Frank,

[[Page 962]]

D. Craig Gordon, Angela Johnson, Earl Lane, Sarah Mueller, Monica Norton, 
Timothy Phelps, Elaine Povich, James Toedtman.

Newspaper Enterprise--(301) 320-5559; 6008 Osceola Road, Bethesda, MD 
20816: Robert Wagman.

Nikkei--(202) 393-1388; 815 Conneticut Avenue, Suite 310, Washington, DC 
20006: Hiroyuki Akita, Tomoko Ashizuka, Christina Bilski, Atsuko Fukase, 
Stephen Keefe, Masanori Matsui, Ken Moriyasu, Toru Yoshida, Hiroshi 
Yoshitsugu.

Northwest Newspapers--(202) 546-2547; 316 3rd Street, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Lawrence Swisher.

Notimex Mexican News Agency--(202) 347-5227; 425 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Ricardo Alday, Ruben Barrera, Jose Lopez.

O Estado De S. Paulo--(202) 628-3752; 700 13th Street, Suite 555, 
Washington, DC 20005: Paulo Sotero.

Oil Daily--(202) 662-0739; 1401 New York Avenue, Suite 500, Washington, DC 
20005: Manimoli Dinesh, Rod Kuckro, Karen Matusic, Kimberley Music, Scott 
Patton, Emily Rehring, Patricia Vasquez.

Oliphant News Service--(202) 298-7226; P.O. Box 9808, Washington, DC 20016: 
Cortright Oliphant, Robert Oliphant.

Omaha World Herald--(202) 662-7270; 836 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Matt Kelley, Jake Thompson.

Orange County Register--(202) 628-6381; 1295 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Dena Bunis.

Oregonian--(202) 383-7819; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, Washington, 
DC 20036: James Barnett, Thomas Detzel.

Orlando Sentinel--(202) 824-8233; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, Washington, DC 
20005: Tamara Lytle, Sean Mussenden, Gwyneth Shaw.

Oster Dow Jones--(202) 646-0088; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Washington, DC 
20006: Bill Tomson.

Palm Beach Post--(202) 887-8340; 400 N. Capitol Street, Suite 750, 20001: 
Laurence Lipman.

Philadelphia Inquirer--(202) 383-6046; 700 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Steven Goldstein, Christopher Mondics, Peter 
Nicholas.

Philippine Daily Inquirer--(703) 685-2665; 841 South Glebe Road, Arlington, 
VA 22204: Josefina Ilustre.

Pittsburgh Post-Gazette--(202) 662-7075; 955 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Karen MacPhersen, Ann McFeatters, Michael Woods.

Platts News Service--(202) 383-2251; 1200 G Street, Suite 1100, Washington, 
DC 20005: Gerald Karey, Catherine Landry

Polish Press Agency--(301) 365-1099; 7505 Democracy Blvd. #A413, Bethesda, 
MD 20817: Witold Zalewski.

Political Money Line--(202) 628-0618; 50 F Street, Suite 1198, Washington, 
DC 20001: Kent Cooper, Anthony Raymond.

Portland Press Herald--(202) 488-1119; 10056 Maple Leaf Drive, 
Gaithersburg, MD 20886: Bart Jansen.

Press Trust of India--(301) 951-8657; 4450 South Park Avenue, Suite 1719, 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815: T.V. Parasuram.

Providence Journal--(202) 661-8423; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, Washington, 
DC 20005: John Mulligan, Philip Terzian.

Religion News Service--(202) 383-7863; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 350, 
Washington, DC 20036: Adelle Banks, Kevin Eckstrom.

Restructuring Today--(202) 298-8201; 4418 MacArthur Blvd., Washington, DC 
20007: Joan Henderson, Arthur Kingdom, George Spencer.

Reuters--(202) 898-8391; 1333 H Street, Suite 410, Washington, DC 20005: 
Charles Abbott, John Abell, Timothy Ahmann, Charles Aldinger, Charles 
Alexander, JoAnne Allen, Victoria Allen, Pablo Bachelet, Chris Baltimore, 
Philip Barbara, Eric Beech, Melissa Bland, Caren Bohan, Niaia Boodhoo, 
Xavier Briand, Deborah Charles, Andrew Clark, Susan Jean Cornwell, Robert 
Covington, Richard Cowan, Sarah Edmonds Crang, John Crawley, Timothy 
Dobbyn, Christopher Doering, Tom Doggett, Robert Doherty, Stuart Doughty, 
Kevin Drawbaugh, Will Dunham, Mark Egan, Giles Elgood, Alan Elsner, 
Randolph Fabi, Mark Felsenthal, Alexander Ferguson, Thomas Ferraro, Anton 
Ferreira, Maggie Fox, Carol Giacomo, Steven Ginsburg, Kevin Hamill, Susan 
Heavey, Sonya Hepinstall, Andrea Hopkins, Cheyenne Hopkins, Katherine Hunt, 
Stacy Joyce, Peter Kaplan, Joanne Kenen, Christina Ling, Johnathan Lyons, 
Laura MacInnis, Randall Mikkelsen, Peter Millership, Arshad Mohammed, 
Joanne Morrison, Jonathan Nicholson, Chizu Nomiyama, Jill Oestreicher-
Gross, Doug Palmer, Jeremy Pelofsky, Susan Pleming, John Poirier, Peter 
Ramjug, Lisa Richwine, Timothy Ryan, Andrea Shalal-Esa, Donna Smith, Glenn 
Somerville, Neil Stempleman, David Storey, Andy Sullivan, Peter Szekely, 
William Trott, James Vicini, Julie Vorman, Nancy Waitz, John Whitesides, 
David Wiessler, Mark Wilkinson, Anna Willard, Christopher Wilson, Jim Wolf, 
Jonathan Wright, Deborah Zabarenko, Tabassum Zakaria, Patricia Zengerle.

Rheinische Post--(301) 299-5777; 10201 Windsor View Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Thomas Spang.

Richmond Times-Dispatch--(202) 662-7669; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Peter Hardin.

Riverside Press-Enterprise--(202) 661-8422; 1325 G Street, Suite 250, 
Washington, DC 20045: Claire Vitucci.

[[Page 963]]

Roll Call Report Syndicate--(202) 737-1888; 1297 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Cora Hoopes, Michael Lesparre, Richard Thomas.

Saint Paul Pioneer Press--(202) 383-6032; 700 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Thomas Webb.

Salt Lake Tribune--(202) 662-8897; 1255 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Christopher Smith.

San Antonio Express-News--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 
Washington, DC 20006: Gary Martin.

San Francisco Chronicle--(202) 737-7134; 1085 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Zachary Coile, Edward Epstein, Rachel Kapochunas, 
Carolyn Lochhead, Marc Sandalow,

San Jose Mercury News--(202) 383-6043; 700 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Heather Phillips, James Puzzanghera.

Sankei Shimbun--(202) 347-2842; 330 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Yukio Kashiyama, Hideo Kesen, Yoshihisa Komori, B. Scott Stewart, 
Kondo Toyokazu.

Saudi Press Agency--(202) 861-0324; 1155 15th Street, Suite 1111, 
Washington, DC 20005: Naila Al-Sowayel, Mustafa Bashir, Dean Dessouky, 
Charles Featherstone, Azeddine Labriny, Nezar Sheikh, John Siciliano, Erin 
Zaro.

Science and Technology Daily--(703) 734-9288; 1827 Barbee Street, McLean, 
VA 22101: Mengjun Zhang.

Scripps Howard News Service--(202) 4082715; 1090 Vermont Avenue, Suite 
1000, Washington, DC 20005: Karen Allen, Jay Ambrose, Curtis Lee Bowman, 
James Brosnan, Patrick Butters, Chris Campbell, Micheal Canan, Michael 
Collins, Peter Copeland, Tara Copp, Mary Deibel, Joel Eskovitz, Lance Gay, 
Laurel Hackett, Thomas Hargrove, Lisa Hoffman, David Johnson, Robert Jones, 
Joan Lowy, Dale McFeatters, Thomas Mentzer, Deroy Murdock, Wanita Niehaus, 
David Nielsen, Richard Powelson, Pamela Reeves, Martin Schram, Jennifer 
Sergent, Michael Sprengelmeyer, Bill Straub, Rita Sutherland, Dan 
Thomasson, Alan Thompson, Karen Timmons, Walter Veazey, Jessica Wehrman, 
Martha Wilson.

Seattle Post-Intelligencer--(202) 298-6920; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #610, 
Washington, DC 20006: Charles Pope.

Seattle Times--(202) 662-7456; 920 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Alex Fryer, Katherine Pfleger.

Segye Times--(202) 637-0587; 909 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Kiyon Kuk.

Shanghai Wenhui Daily--(703) 521-2371; 1600 S Eads Street, Suite 1134N, 
Arlington, VA 22202: Xingfu Zhu.

Shearer and Glen News--(202) 462-6070; 2708 Cathedral Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20008: Cody Shearer.

Singapore Straits Times--(202) 662-8727; 916 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Roger Mitton.

SNG Newspapers--(202) 662-7240; 1183 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Edward Felker.

South Florida Sun-Sentinel--(202) 824-8225; 1325 G Street, Suite 200, 
Washington, DC 20005: William Gibson, Rafael Lorente.

Southam News of Canada--(202) 662-7225; 1206 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Hillary Mackenzie.

Springer Foreign News Service--(202) 342-3103; 4830 Brandywine Street, 
Washington, DC 20016: Cornel Faltin, Frauke Faltin.

St. Louis Post Dispatch--(202) 298-6880; 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, #550, 
Washington, DC 20006: Karen Branch-Brioso, Philip Dine, Aloysia Hamalainen, 
William Lambrecht, Jon Sawyer, Andrew Schneider, Deirdre Shesgreen.

St. Petersburg Times--(202) 463-0574; 1100 Connecticut Avenue, #1300, 
Washington, DC 20036: William Adair, Sara Fritz, Mary Jacoby.

States News Service--(202) 628-3100; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., #232, 
Washington, DC 20004: David Enrich, Craig Linder, Leland Schwartz, Myron 
Struck.

Stephens Media Group--(202) 783-1760; 666 11th Street, Suite 535, 
Washington, DC 20001: Tony Batt, Stephan Tetreault, Alison Vekshin, 
Samantha Young.

Stuttgarter Zeitung--(301) 983-0735; 11204 Powder Horn Drive, Potomac, MD 
20854: Juergen Koar.

Suara Merdeka--(301) 946-9553; 2700 Hardy Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20902: 
Djono Sujono.

Suara Pembaruan--(703) 534-6014; 1908 Armand Court, Falls Church, VA 22043: 
Karina Sudyatmiko, Christianto Wibisono, Jasmine Wibisono.

Sueddeutsche Zeitung--(202) 965-5253; 3636 S Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20007: Marc Hujer.

Sueddeutsche Zeitung--(301) 610-9460; 1741 Crestview Drive, Bethesda, MD 
20854: Wolfgang Koydl.

Svenska Dagbladet--(202) 362-8253; 3601 Connecticut Avenue, #622, 
Washington, DC 20008: Karin Henriksson.

Sydney Morning Herald--(202) 737-6359; 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, Suite 904, 
Washington, DC 20005: Marian Wilkinson.

Syracuse Post-Standard--(202) 383-7818; 1101 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20036: Mark Libbon.

[[Page 964]]

Tages Anzeiger--(202) 467-4780; 2000 M Street, Suite 370, Washington, DC 
20036: Ignaz Staub.

Taipei Times--(301) 942-2442; P.O. Box 571, Garrett Park, MD 20898: Charles 
Snyder.

Tampa Tribune--(202) 662-7673; 1214 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Keith Epstein.

Tech Law Journal--(202) 364-8882; P.O. Box 15186, Washington, DC 20003: 
David Carney.

Tokyo-Chunichi Shimbun--(202) 783-9479; 1012 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Patrick Gardner, Michiyo Kanno, Mitsura Kumode, 
Jennifer Leland, Uichiro Oshima, Nori Sawaki, Yochi Toyoda.

Toronto Globe and Mail--(202) 662-7167; 2000 M Street, Suite 330, 
Washington, DC 20036: Paul Koring, Barrie McKenna, John Saunders.

Toronto Star--(202) 662-7390; 982 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Tim Harper.

Tulsa World--(202) 484-1424; 1417 North Inglewood Street, Arlington, VA 
22205: Jim Myers.

Turkiye Daily--(202) 253-3289; 12704 Hallman Court, North, Potomac, MD 
20878: Hasan Hazar.

United Daily News--(202) 737-6426; 1099 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Tsung-Chih Chang.

United Media--(301) 494-0430; 3330 Blue Heron Drive, N. Chesapeake, MD 
20732: Lew Sichelman.

United Press International--(202) 898-8238; 1510 H Street, Washington, DC 
20005: Ellen Beck, Tobin Beck, Mark Benjamin, Phil Berardelli, Christian 
Bourge, Krishnadev Calamur, Dee Ann Divis, Soni Nelson Fitzhugh, Roland 
Flamini, Kathy Gambrell, Shihoko Goto, John Hendel, Pamela Hess, Nicholas 
Horrock, Martin Hutchinson, Anwar Iqbal, Daniel Kagan, Michael Kirkland, 
Timothy Maloy, Louis Marano, Harold Martin, Steve Mitchell, John 
O'Sullivan, Daniel Olmsted, P. Mitchell Prothero, Peter Roff, Claude 
Salhani, Richard Tomkins, Martin Walker, Shaun Waterman.

United States Press--(301) 654-1872; 5301 Westbard Circle, #247, Bethesda, 
MD 20816: Frank van der Linden.

USA Today--(202) 906-8179; 1100 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20005: 
Richard Benedetto, Joan Biskupic, Jim Drinkard, Peter Eisler, Greg Farrell, 
Gwen Flanders, Barbara Hagenbaugh, George Hager, Mimi Hall, Linda Holzer, 
Kevin Johnson, Judith Keen, Kathy Kiely, Sue Kirchhoff, Jill Lawrence, 
Donna Leinwand, Alan Levin, Toni Locy, Laurence McQuillan, Dave Moniz, Bill 
Nichols, Susan Page, Barbara Slavin, Tiffany Smith, Tom Squitieri, Andrea 
Stone, William Welch, Richard Wolf.

USA Today--(703) 854-4521; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22108: Fred 
Anklam, Jr., Julie Appleby, Andrew Backover, John Bacon, Sandra Block, Erik 
Brady, Tom Vanden Brook, Chris Collins, Jim Cox, Christopher Cubbison, Paul 
Davidson, Robert Davis, Anthony DeBarros, Barbara Delollis, William 
Dermody, John Diamond, Michael Dodd, Earle Eldridge, Mindy Fetterman, 
Thomas Fogarty, Ed Foster-Simeon, Tim Friend, Andrew Gardiner, Raymond 
Goldbacher, Michael Hiestand, Lee Horwich, Sid Hurlburt, Rosalind Jackler, 
Brent Jones, Del Jones, Lori Joseph, Dennis Kelly, Jack Kelley, Paul 
Leavitt, David Lindsey, Mary Beth Marklein, Mark Memmott, John Merline, Jim 
Michaels, Blake Morrison, Vinuraj Narayanan, Haya El Nasser, Jayne 
O'Donnell, Thomas O'Toole, Paul Overberg, Douglas Pardue, Laura Parker, 
Carolyn Pesce, Karen Peterson, Maria Puente, William Risser, Bruce 
Rosenstein, Walter Shapiro, Elliot Smith, Mike Snider, Douglas Stanglin, 
Steve Sternberg, William Sternberg, Jeffrey Stinson, Karen Thomas, Elisa 
Tinsley, Gregory Toppo, Saundra Torry, Owen Ullmann, Dan Vergano, John 
Waggoner, Juan Walte, Traci Watson, James Welch, Richard Willing, Gregg 
Zoroya.

US-Asian News Service--(703) 525-5164; 3443 North Randolph Street, 
Arlington, VA 22207: Donald Choi, Julie Moon.

USAToday.com--(703) 854-8054; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean VA, 22108: 
Chet Czarniak, Clara Frenk, Stephen Marshall, Saverio Meddis, Patty 
Michalski, Christine Montgomery, Phil Pruitt, John Riley, Winsey Wilson.

Virginian-Pilot--(703) 913-9872; 7802 Glenister Drive, Springfield, VA 
22152: Dale Eisman.

Wall Street Journal--(202) 862-6663; 1025 Connecticut Avenue, Suite 800, 
Washington, DC 20036: Leila Abboud, Jess Bravin, Jackie Calmes, Mary 
Carnevale, David Cloud, Christopher Conkey, Helene Cooper, Jeanne Cummings, 
Robert Davis, Yochi Dreazen, Stefan Fatsis, John Fialka, Gary Fields, 
Robert Greenberger, Bryan Gruley, Thomas Hamburger, John Harwood, Greg 
Hitt, Gregory Ip, Greg Jaffe, Neil King, Jr., June Kronholz, Nicholas 
Kulish, Philip Kuntz, Sarah Lueck, Robert Guy Matthews, Laurie McGinley, 
John McKinnon, Shailagh Murray, Michael Phillips, Stephen Power, Carla 
Robbins, David Rogers, Jacob Schlesinger, Sharon Schmid, Michael Schroeder, 
Gerald Seib, Deborah Solomon, Kelly Spors, Johnny Stevenson, Marjorie 
Valbrun, David Wessel, Clayton Wiggins, John Wilke, Winston Wood, Bernard 
Wysocki, Jr.

Washington Bureau News--(202) 293-3003; 1325 18th Street, Suite 302, 
Washington, DC 20036: Kenneth Scheibel.

Washington Post--(202) 334-7410; 1150 15th Street, Washington, DC 20071: 
Michael Allen, Robert Asher, Charles Babington, Daniel Balz, Michael 
Barbaro, Gary Barr, Peter Behr, John Berry, David Broder, David Brown, 
Justin Blum, D'Vera Cohn, Ceci Connolly, Albert Crenshaw, Alice Crites, 
Kathleen Day, Helen Dewar, Micheal Dobbs, Kirstin Downey, David Von Drehle, 
Thomas Edsall, Daniel Eggen, Juliet Eilperin, Brian Faler, Douglas Farah, 
Darryl Fears, David Finkel, Mary Pat Flaherty, Michael Fletcher, Amy 
Goldstein, Sara Goo, Bradley Graham, James Grimaldi, Michael Grunwald,

[[Page 965]]

Guy Gugliotta, Maryann Haggerty, Martha Hamilton, Hamil Harris, Dana 
Hedgpeth, Jim Vande Hei, David Hilzenrath, Spencer Hsu, Carrie Johnson, 
Glenn Kessler, Jonathan Krim, George Lardner, Madonna Lebling, Christopher 
Lee, Jeff Leen, Mark Malseed, Ruth Marcus, Caroline Mayer, Mary McGrory, 
Kevin Merida, Dana Milbank, David Montgomery, Dan Morgan, David Ottaway, 
Steven Pearlstein, Don Phillips, Eric Pianin, Walter Pincus, Dana Priest, 
Anitha Reddy, Tom Ricks, Judy Sarasohn, Greg Schneider, Cindy Skrzycki, 
Jeffrey Smith, Jackie Spinner, Joe Stephens, Christopher Stern, Tom Toles, 
Dan Vise, Stephen Vogel, Edward Walsh, Joby Warrick, Jonathan Weisman, Rick 
Weiss, Bob Woodward, Eric Yoder.

Washington Telecommunications--(703) 461-7183; 1006 Harrison Circle, 
Alexandria, VA 22304: Gordon White.

Washington Times--(202) 636-3289; 3600 New York Avenue NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Theodore Agres, George Archibald, Chris Baker, Sharon Behn, Tony 
Blankley, Thomas Carter, Gus Constantine, Francis Coombs, Jr., Joseph Curl, 
Brian DeBose, Stephen Dinan, Julia Duin, Amy Fagan, Alexandria Fleming, Ann 
Geracimos, William Gertz, William Glanz, Ralph Hallow, Kenneth Hanner, 
Jennifer Harper, Marguerite Higgins, Patrice Hill, Vaishali Honawar, Audrey 
Hudson, Charles Hurt, David Jones, Nicholas Kralev, James Lakely, Donald 
Lambro, Tim Lemke, John McCaslin, Steven Miller, James Morrison, Frank 
Murray, Wesley Pruden, Thomas Ramstack, Deborah Simmons Robinson, Charles 
Rousseaux, William Sammon, David Sands, Rowan Scarborough, Jerry Seper, 
Mary Shaffrey, Ellen Sorokin, Jeffrey Sparshott, M. Maria Stainer, Jon 
Ward, Joseph Weber, Cheryl Wetzstein, Larry Witham, Willis Witter.

WashingtonPost.com--(703) 469-2618; 1515 N. Courthouse Road, Arlington, VA 
22201: Kyle Balluck, Daniel Jung, Brian Krebs, Suzette Lohmeyer, Ann 
Marchand, Jeffrey Marcus, Jefferson Marley, Robert MacMillan, David 
McGuire, Terry Neal, John Nichols, Christina Pino-Marina, Jason Thompson, 
Ryan Thornburg.

Watertown Daily Times--(202) 662-7085; 1001 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Marc Heller.

Westdeutsche Allgemeine--(202) 363-7791; 4611 47th Street, Washington, DC 
20016: Markus Gunther.

Wichita Eagle--(202) 383-6055; 700 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Alan Bjerga.

William Scally Reports--(202) 362-2382; 2918 Legation Street, Washington, 
DC 20015: William Scally.

Winston-Salem Journal--(202) 662-7672; 1214 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Kevin Begos, Jr.

World Journal--(202) 215-1710; 1099 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Betty Lin.

WorldNetDaily.com--(703) 8150685; 8665 Sudley Road, Suite 605, Manasses, VA 
20110: Joseph Farah, Paul Sperry.

Xinhua News Agency--(202) 661-8181; 1145 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Wang Faen, Xiaoming Hu, Lei Mao, Weibing Tan, Xinmu 
Tan, Feng Yan, He Ying, Wang Zhenhua.

Yomiuri Shimbun--(202) 783-0363; 802 National Press Building, Washington, 
DC 20045: Masashi Amano, Takao Hishinuma, Toshiyuki Ito, Toshio Mizushima, 
Kazuo Nagata, Hiroko Nakamura, Kyoichi Sasazawa, Gaku Shibata, Anthony 
Sipher, Mineko Tokito, Russell Totten, Linda Yun, Kasper Zeuthen.


