

Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), July 2003. - 


Congressional Directory for the 108th Congress (2003-2004), July 2003.
[Pages 967-974]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]



[[Page 967]]



                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

                     www.senate.gov/galleries/photo

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
      Assistant Director.--Sonya Hebert.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Tim Dillon, Chairman
                                            Dennis Brack, Secretary-
                                                Treasurer
                                            Scott Applewhite
                                            James Colburn
                                            Stephen Crowley
                                            Win McNamee
                                 ________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (c) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads of Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.

[[Page 968]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                          J. Dennis Hastert,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                                 Trent Lott,
             Chairman, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 969]]

                     MEMBERS ENTITLED FOR ADMISSION

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

Allen, John T.: Washington Post

Alleruzzo, Maya: Washington Times

Alpert, Brian F.: Keystone Press Agency

Alswang, Ralph: Freelance

Anderson, Christopher: Freelance

Applewhite, J. Scott: Associated Press Photos

Archambault, Charles: U.S. News & World Report

Arias, Juana L.: Washington Post

Ashe, James F.: Freelance

Ashley, Douglas G.: Suburban Communications Corp.

Attlee, Tracey A.: Freelance

Aubry, Timothy R.: Reuters News Pictures

Augustino, Jocelyn: Freelance

Ballard, Karen: Freelance

Barouh, Stan: Freelance

Barrett, Steve E.: Freelance

Baughman, J. Ross: Washington Times

Baylen, Elizabeth: Washington Times

Beals, Herman: Reuters News Pictures

Beiser, H. Darr: USA/Today

Benavides, Mauricio: Freelance

Bengiveno, Nicole: New York Times

Benic, Patrick T.: Freelance

Bentley, PF: Newsweek

Berg, Lisa: Freelance

Bernasconi, Francisco: New York Times

Biber, Mehmet: Hurriyet

Susan, Biddle: Washington Post

Jeremy, Bigwood: Freelance

Bingham, Mary (Molly): Freelance

Binks, Porter L.: Sports Illustrated

Blass, Eileen, M.: USA/Today

Bloom, Richard: National Journal

Bochatey, Terry F.: Reuters News Pictures

Boitano, Stephen J.: Freelance

Borea, Roberto: Associated Press Photos

Boston, Bernard N.: Bryce Mountain Courier

Bouchard, Renee M.: Freelance

Bowe, Christy: ImageCatcher News

Bowmer, Frederick S.: Associated Press Photos

Brack, William D: Black Star

Brantley, James: Washington Times

Bridges, George S.: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Brooks, Dudley: Washington Post

Brown, Robert A.: Richmond Times Dispatch

Brown, Stephen R.: Freelance

Bui, Khue: Newsweek

Burke, Lauren V.: Freelance

Burnett, David: Contact Press Images

Burns, David S.: Photo Trends, Inc.

Butler, Thomas: The Hill

Calvert, Mary F.: Washington Times

Cameron, Gary A.: Reuters News Pictures

Carioti, Richard A.: Washington Post

Cavanaugh, Matthew T.: Freelance

Cedeno, Ken: Freelance

Ceneta, Manuel B.: Freelance

Chang, Cyrena: The Journal Newspapers

Chikwendu, Jahi: Washington Post

Clark, Bill: Scripps Howard News Service

Clark, Kevin: Washington Post

Clement, Richard: Reuters News Pictures

Cobb, Jodi: National Geographic

Cohen, Marshall H.: Bigmarsh News Photos

Colburn, James E.: Time Magazine

Connor, Michael: Washington Times

Cook, Dennis: Associated Press Photos

Cooke, John: Credit Union Times

Coppage, Gary R.: Photo Press International

Corder, Chris: United Press International

Cramp, Stacey: Legal Times

Crandall, Bill: Freelance

Crandall, Rob: Freelance

Crowley, Stephen: New York Times

Curtis, Rob: Army Times Publishing

Cutts, Peter J.: Freelance

D'Angelo, Rebecca: Freelance

DeArmas, Adrienne: Apix

DeGyor, Henrik: Post-Newsweek Media

Devadas, Rajan: Front Line

Dharapak, Charles: Associated Press Photos

DiBari, Jr., Michael: Freelance

Dillon, Timothy P.: USA/Today

DiPasquale, Jill: Army Times Publishing

Douliery, Olivier: Post-Newsweek Media

Downing, Lawrence: Reuters News Pictures

Doyle, Kevin W.: Freelance

Du Cille, Michael: Washington Post

Eddins, Jr., Joseph M.: Washington Times

Edmonds, Ronald: Associated Press Photos

Elfers, Steve: Army Times Publishing

Ellis, Richard: Getty Images

Ellsworth, Katie: Newsweek

Emanuel, Hector: Freelance

Evstafiev, Mikhail: Reuters News Pictures

Falk, Steven M.: The Philadelphia Daily News

Falls, Jr., John W.: Freelance

Fenster, J. Adam: Post-Newsweek Media

Ferrell, Scott: CQ Weekly

[[Page 970]]

Ficara, John F.: Freelance

Fitz-Patrick, Bill: Freelance

Fiume, Gregory C.: Freelance

Foster, Jacqueline Mia: Freelance

Fox, Travis: Wash. Post Newsweek Interactive

Franklin, Ross D.: Washington Times

Franko, Jeff: Gannett News Service

Frazza, Luke:Agence France-Presse

Fremson, Ruth: New York Times

Gainer, Denny: USAToday.com

Gamarra, Ruben F.: Notimex

Garcia, Mannie: Freelance

Geissinger, Michael A.: Freelance

Gifford, Porter: Freelance

Gilbert, Patrice J.: Freelance

Gillis, John A.: United Press International

Godfrey, Mark: Freelance

Goulait, Bert V.: Washington Times

Graham, Douglas: Roll Call

Graves, Thomas A: Freelance

Gripas, Yuri: Sipa Press

Guzy, Carol: Washington Post

Hall, John: Associated Press Photos

Halstead, Dirck: The Digital Journalist

Hamburg, Harry: New York Daily News

Harrington, John H.: Black Star

Harris, Steven J.: Polaris Images

Hartmann, Paul: Freelance

Helber, Stephen: Associated Press Photos

Herbert, Gerald: Associated Press Photos

Hershorn, Gary: Reuters News Pictures

Hittle, David E.: Freelance

Holden, Peter: World & I

Holloway, David S.: Apix

Hosefros, Paul: New York Times

Jackson, Lawrence: Associated Press Photos

Jacobs, Vance: Freelance

Jaffe, Stephen: Agence France-Presse

Jennings, Stan: Jennings Publications

Johnson, Richard D.: Freelance

Johnson, Cynthia: Freelance

Johnston, Frank B.: Washington Post

Joseph, Marvin: Washington Post

Juarez, Miguel: Reforma

Kahn, Nikki: Freelance

Kang, Hyungwon: Reuters News Pictures

Katz, Martin I.: Chesapeake News Service

Kennedy, Chuck: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Kennerly, David H.: Newsweek

Kent, Jeff: Director

Kim, Yunghi: Freelance

Kittner, Sam: Freelance

Kleinfeld, Michael: United Press International

Kleponis, Chris: Freelance

Kon, Toshiyuki: The Yomiuri Shimbun

Kossoff, Leslie: Freelance

Kozak, Richard: Insight Magazine

Kraft, Brooks: Time Magazine

Lamarque, Kevin: Reuters News Pictures

Lamkey, Jr., Rod A.: Washington Times

Latimer, Bronwen: U.S. News & World Report

LaVor, Martin L.: Freelance

Lee, Chang W.: New York Times

Lessig, Alan: Federal Times

Lewter, Lani R.: Global News Photo

Lipski, Richard A.: Washington Post

Liss, Steve: Time Magazine

Lopez, Jose: New York Times

LoScalzo, Jim: U.S. News & World Report

Lowy, Benjamin: Freelance

Lu, Mingxiang: Xinhua News Agency

Lueders, Martin: Freelance

Lustig, Raymond J.: Washington Post

Lutzky, Micheal: Washington Post

Lynaugh, Michael: Freelance

Lynch, Liz: National Journal

Lynch, M. Patricia: Frontiers News Magazine

MacMillan, Jeffrey G.: U.S. News & World Report

Maddaloni, Chris: Roll Call

Madrid, Michael: USA/Today

Mallin, Jay: Impact Visuals

Mallory, Tyler: Freelance

Mara, Melina: Seattle Post Intelligencer

Markel, Brad: Capri

Marks, Donovan: Freelance

Marquette, Joseph C.: European Press Association

Martineau, Gerald: Washington Post

Monsivais, Pablo Martinez: Associated Press Photos

Mathieson, Greg E.: MAI Photo Agency

McCrehin, Jud: Army Times Publishing

McDonnell, John: Washington Post

McKay, Richard D.: Cox Newspapers

McNamee, Win: Reuters News Pictures

Menashe, Isaac: Freelance

Meyers, Keith: New York Times

Mills, Douglas: New York Times

Molloy, Michelle: Newsweek

Morris, Christopher: Time Magazine

Morris, Larry E.: Washington Post

Morrissey, Heather: Gannett News Service

Mosley, Leigh H: Freelance

Murphy, Timothy A.: Freelance

Musi, Vincent J.: Time Magazine

Naltchayan, Joyce: Agence France-Presse

Nelson, Andrew P.: Christian Science Monitor

Newton, Gregg: Reuters News Pictures

Nipp, Lisa: Freelance

Nozzoli, Akram: Saudi Press Agency

O'Leary, William P: Washington Post

Ommanney, Charles: Newsweek

Otfinowski, Danuta: Freelance

Owen, Clifford: Washington Times

Pajic, Kamenko: Freelance

Panagos, Dimitrios: Greek American News Agency

[[Page 971]]

Parcels, James A.: Washington Post

Parker, Howard (Hank) H.: Freelance

Parsons, Nate: Washington Post

Pastor, Nancy: Washington Times

Patterson, Kathryn B.: USA Today

Pearson, Robert L.: Agence France-Presse

Perkins, Lucien: Washington Post

Perry, William: Freelance

Persson, Jessica: Reuters News Pictures

Petros, Bill: Freelance

Philpott, William: Freelance

Poleski, David: Freelance

Powers, Carol T.: Freelance

Price, Brian: Times Community Newspapers

Prichard, James W.: Education Week

Purcell, Steven: Freelance

Raab, Susana A.: Freelance

Raimondo, Lois: Washington Post

Rasmussen, Randy L.: Oregonian

Reed, Jason: Reuters News Pictures

Reeder, Robert A: Washington Post

Reinhard, Rick: Freelance

Remsberg, Edwin H.: Getty Images

Ricardel, Vincent J.: Freelance

Richards, Paul J.: Agence France-Presse

Richardson, Joel M.: Washington Post

Riecken, Astrid: Washington Times

Riley, Molly: Reuters News Pictures

Roberts, Nicholas: Freelance

Robinson, Scott: Freelance

Robinson-Chavez, Michael: Washington Post

Roggenbrodt, Jacqueline: Freelance

Ronay, Vivian: Freelance

Rosenbaum, Daniel: Washington Times

Rossetti, Amy: Media General

Ryan, Patrick: The Hill

Sachs, Arnold: Consolidated News Pictures

Sachs, Ronald M.: Consolidated News Pictures

Salisbury, Barbara L.: The Gazette

Schaeffer, Sandra L.: MAI Photo Agency

Schroeder, Bjorn O.: German Newspaper Group

Schumacher, Karl H.: Freelance

Schwartz, David S.: Freelance

Schwarz, Ira J.: Freelance

Scull, David: Freelance

Sell, Blake P.: Sipa Press

Shell, Mary: Time Magazine

Shelley, Allison: Education Week

Silverman, Joseph A.: Washington Times

Simon, Martin: Corbis Saba

Sloan, Timothy: Agence France-Presse

Smith, Dayna: Washington Post

Sommer, Emilie: Freelance

Souza, Peter J.: Chicago Tribune

Spillers, Linda J.: Freelance

Springer, Mike: Zuma Press

Starr, Adele: Freelance

Stenzel, Maria: National Geographic

Stephenson, Al: Freelance

Sudyatmiko, Karina: Suara Pembaruan

Sykes, Jack W.: Professional Pilot Magazine

Sypher, Mark F.: Fauquier Times-Democrat

Takeda, Yasushi: Shukan Shincho, Shinchosha Co.

Tefft-Soraghan, Jessica: Washington Times

Temchine, Michael: Freelance

Theiler, Michael: Reuters News Pictures

Thew, Shawn: European Press Association

Thiessen, Mark: National Geographic

Thomas, Margaret: Washington Post

Thomas, Ronald W.: Freelance

Thresher, James M.: Washington Post

Trippett, Robert: Sipa Press

Turner, Tyrone: Freelance

Usher, Chris: Apix

Van Riper, Frank A.: Washingtonpost.com

Varias, Stelios A.: Reuters News Pictures

Visser, Robert: Photopress Washington

Vosin, Sarah L.: Washington Post

Votaw, Jr., Charles W.: Freelance

Vucci, Evan: European Press Association

Wagreich, Ian: Freelance

Walker, Diana: Time Magazine

Walker, Harry E.: Knight Ridder Tribune News Service

Walsh, Susan: Associated Press Photos

Ward, Fred: Black Star

Watkins, Jr., Frederick L.: Johnson Publishing Co.

Whitesell, Gregory: Insight Magazine

Williams, Tom: Roll Call

Williamson, Michael: Washington Post

Wilson, Jim: New York Times

Wilson, Mark L.: Getty Images

Wines, Heather: Gannett News Service

Wolf, Lloyd: Freelance

Wollenberg, Roger L.: United Press International

Wong, Alex: Getty Images

Woodall, Andrea B.: Washington Post

Woodward, Tracy L.: Washington Post

Wright, Donald A.: Freelance

Yim, Heesoon: HANA

Zaklin, Stefan: Freelance

Ziffer, Steve: Freelance

Zinn, Warren: Army Times Publishing

[[Page 972]]

                          SERVICES REPRESENTED

       (Service and telephone number, office address, and name of 
                             representative)

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--(202) 414-0551; 1015 15th Street, NW., Suite 500, 
Washington, DC 20005: Frazza, Luke; Jaffe, Stephen; Naltchayan, Joyce; 
Pearson, Robert; Richards, Paul; Sloan, Timothy.

APIX--(202) 262-7112; 638 6th Street, NE., Washington, DC 20002: DeArmas, 
Adrienne; Holloway, David; Usher, Chris.

ARMY TIMES--(703) 750-8170; 6883 Commercial Drive, Springfield, VA 22159: 
Curtis, Rob; DiPasquale, Jill; Elfers, Steve; McCrehin, Jud; Zinn, Warren.

ASSOCIATED PRESS--(202) 776-9510; 2021 K Street, NW., Washington, DC 20006: 
Applewhite, J. Scott; Borea, Roberto; Bowmer, Frederick; Cook, Dennis; 
Dharapak, Charles; Edmonds, Ronald; Hall, John; Helber, Stephen; Herbert, 
Gerald; Jackson, Lawrence; Martinez Monsivais, Pablo; Walsh, Susan.

BLACK STAR--(703) 547-1176; 7704 Tauxemont Rd, Alexandria, VA 22308: Brack, 
William; Harrington, John; Ward, Fred.

CAPRI PRESS--(717) 757-2962; 485 Sundale Drive, York, PA 17402: Markel, 
Brad.

CHESAPEAKE NEWS SERVICE--(410) 484-3500; 2534 Old Court Road, Baltimore, MD 
21022: Katz, Martin.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE--(202) 824-8200; 1325 G Street, NW., Suite 200, Washington, 
DC 20005: Souza, Peter.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR--(617) 450-2000; 1 Norway Street, Boston, MA 
02115: Nelson, Andrew.

CONGRESSIONAL QUARTERLY--(202) 822-1431; 1414 22nd Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20037: Ferrell, Scott.

CONSOLIDATED NEWS PICTURES--(202) 543-3203; 209 Pennsylvania Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20003: Sachs, Ronald; Sachs, Arnold.

CONTACT PRESS IMAGES--(212) 481-6910; 116 E Street, New York, NY 10016: 
Burnett, David.

COX NEWSPAPERS--(202) 331-0900; 2000 Pennsylvania, Avenue, NW., Washington, 
DC 20006: McKay, Richard.

CREDIT UNION TIMES--(301) 845-7820; 8507 Inspiration Avenue, Walkersville, 
MD 21793: Cooke, John.

EDUCATION WEEK--(301) 280-3100; 6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100, Bethesda, 
MD 20814: Prichard, James; Shelley, Allison.

EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY--(202) 288-1029; 1252 National Press Building, 
529 14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20045: Marquette, Joseph; Thew, Shawn; 
Vucci, Evan.

FROINTIERS NEWS MAGAZINE--(301) 229-0635; P.O. Box 634, Glen Echo, MD 
20812: Lynch, Patricia.

GANNETT NEWS SERVICE--(703) 854-3675; 7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 
22107: Franko, Jeff; Morrissey, Heather; Wines, Heather.

GERMAN NEWSPAPER GROUP--(202) 244-5013; 4100 Massachusetts Avenue, 
Washington, DC 20016: Schroeder, Bjorn.

GETTY IMAGES--(202) 861-8551; One Hudson Place, 75 Varick Street, New York, 
NY 10013: Ellis, Richard; Wilson, Mark, Wong, Alex.

GREEK AMERICAN NEWS AGENCY--(202) 332-2727; 107 Frederick Avenue, Babylon, 
NY 11702: Panagos, Dimitrios.

HANA--(202) 393-1166; 1111 National Press Building, Washington, DC 20045: 
Yim, Heesoon.

HURRIYET--(703) 978-8073; 8919 Moreland Lane, Annandale, VA 22003: Biber, 
Mehmet.

IMAGECATCHER NEWS--(202) 483-3791; 3133 Connecticut Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20008: Bowe, Christy.

INSIGHT--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 20002: 
Kozak, Richard; Whitesell, Gregory.

JENNINGS PUBLICATIONS--(301) 946-5538; 2600 Plyers Mill Road, Silver 
Spring, MD 20902: Jennings, Stan.

JOHNSON PUBLISHING CO.--(202) 393-5860; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 
Washington, DC 20006: Watkins, Jr. Frederick.

KEYSTONE PRESS AGENCY--(212) 924-8123; 202 East 42nd Street, New York, NY 
10017: Alpert, Brian.

KNIGHT RIDDER TRIBUNE--(202) 383-6169; 790 National Press Building, 
Washington, DC 20045: Bridges, George; Kennedy, Charles; Harry Walker.

LAVOR GROUP--(703) 765-7187; 7710 Lookout Court, Alexandria, VA 22306: 
LaVor, Martin.

LEGAL TIMES--(202) 457-0686; 1730 M Street, NW., Suite 802, Washington, DC 
20036: Cramp, Stacey.

[[Page 973]]

MAI PHOTO AGENCY--(703) 968-0030; 6601 B Ashmere Lane, Centreville, VA 
22020: Mathieson, Greg; Schaeffer, Sandra.

MEDIA GENERAL--(202) 662-7660; 14010 Smoketown Road, Woodbridge, VA 22192: 
Rossetti, Amy.

NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC--(202) 857-7000; 1145 17th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20036: Cobb, Jodi; Stenzel, Maria; Thiessen, Mark.

NATIONAL JOURNAL--(202) 739-8400; 1501 M Street, NW., Suite 300, 
Washington, DC 20005: Bloom, Richard; Lynch, Liz.

NEW YORK TIMES--(202) 862-0300; 1627 Eye Street, NW., Washington, DC 20006: 
Bengiveno, Nicole; Bernasconi, Francisco; Crowley, Stephen; Fremson, Ruth; 
Hosefros, Paul; Lee, Chang; Lopez, Jose; Meyers, Keith; Mills, Douglas; 
Wilson, Jim.

NEWSWEEK--(202) 626-2085; 1750 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 
20006: Bentley, PF; Bui, Khue; Ellsworth, Katie; Kennerly, David; Molloy, 
Michelle; Ommanney, Charles.

NOTIMEX--(202) 347-5227; 529 14th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20009: 
Gamarra, Ruben.

OREGONIAN--(503) 221-8370; 1320 SW Broadway, Portland, OR 97201: Rasmussen, 
Randy.

PHOTO PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(703) 548-7172; 2 East Glebe Road, Alexandria, 
VA 22305: Coppage, Gary.

PHOTOPRESS WASHINGTON--(202) 234-8787; National Press Building, Suite 2105, 
Washington, DC 20045: Visser, Robert.

POST-NEWSWEEK--(301) 670-2011; 1200 Quince Orchard Lane, Gaithersburg, MD 
20878: DeGyor, Henrik; Douliery, Olivier; Fenster, J. Adam.

PROFESSIONAL PILOT MAGAZINE--(703) 370-0606; 3014 Colvin Street, 
Alexandria, VA 22314: Sykes, Jack.

REFORMA--(202) 628-0031; 1126 National Press Building, Washington, DC 
20045: Juarez, Miguel.

REUTERS NEWS PICTURES--(202) 898-8333; 1333 H Street, NW., Suite 410, 
Washington, DC 20005: Aubry, Timothy; Beals, Herman; Bochatey, Terry; 
Cameron, Gary; Clement, Richard; Downing, Lawrence; Evstafiev, Mikhail; 
Hershorn, Gary; Kang, Hyungwon; Lamarque, Kevin; McNamee, Win; Newton, 
Gregg; Reed, Jason; Riley, Molly; Theiler, Michael; Varias, Stelios.

RICHMOND TIMES DISPATCH--(804) 649-6486; 333 East Grace Street, Richmond, 
VA 23219: Brown, Robert.

ROLL CALL--(202) 824-6800; 50 F Street, NW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 
20001: Graham, Douglas; Maddaloni, Chris; Williams, Tom.

SCRIPPS HOWARD--(202) 408-2723; 1090 Vermont Avenue, NW., 10th Floor, 
Washington, DC 20005: Clark, Bill.

SIPA PRESS--(212) 463-0150; 30 West 21st Street, New York, NY 10010: 
Trippett, Robert; Gripas, Yuri; Sell, Blake.

SHUKAN SHINCHO, SHINCHOSHA CO.--(703) 243-1569; 2001 North Adams Street, 
#715, Arlington, VA 22201: Takeda, Yasushi.

SPORTS ILLUSTRATED--(212) 522-3325; 1271 Avenue of the Americas, Room 1970, 
New York, NY 10020: Binks, Porter.

SUBURBAN COMMUNICATIONS CORP.--(810) 645-5164; 872 Dursley Road, Bloomfield 
Hills, ME 48304: Ashley, Douglas.

THE HILL--(202) 628-8525; 733 15th Street, Washington, DC 20005: Butler, 
Thomas; Ryan, Patrick.

TIME--(202) 861-4062; 555 12th Street, NW., Suite 600, Washington, DC 
20004: Colburn, James; Kraft, Brooks; Liss, Steve; Morris, Christopher; 
Musi, Vincent; Shell, Mary; Walker, Diana.

US NEWS AND WORLD REPORT--(202) 955-2210; 1050 Thomas Jefferson Street, 
NW., Washington, DC 20007: Archambault, Charles; Latimer, Bronwen; 
LoScalzo, Jim; MacMillan, Jeffrey.

USA TODAY--(703) 854-5216; 7950 Jones Branch Road, McLean, VA 22107: 
Patterson, Kathryn; Beiser, H. Darr; Blass, Eileen; Dillon, Timothy; 
Madrid, Michael; Gainer, Denny.

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL--(202) 387-7965; 1510 H Street, NW., Washington, 
DC 20005: Gillis, John; Kleinfeld, Michael; Wollenberg, Roger.

WASHINGTON POST--(202) 334-7380; 1150 15th Street, NW., Washington, DC 
20079: Allen, John; Arias, Juana; Biddle, Susan; Brooks, Dudley; Carioti, 
Richard; Chikwendu, Jahi; Clark, Kevin; Du Cille, Michael; Guzy, Carol; 
Johnston, Frank; Joseph, Marvin; Lipski, Richard; Lustig, Raymond; Lutzky, 
Micheal; Martineau, Gerald; McDonnell, John; Morris, Larry; O'Leary, 
William; Parcels, James; Parsons, Nate; Perkins, Lucien; Raimondo, Lois; 
Reeder, Robert; Richardson, Joel; Robinson-Chavez, Michael; Smith, Dayna; 
Thomas, Margaret; Thresher, James; Vosin, Sarah; Williamson, Michael; 
Woodall, Andrea; Woodward, Tracy.

WASHINGTON TIMES--(202) 636-3000; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 
20002: Alleruzzo, Maya; Baughman, J. Ross; Baylen, Elizabeth; Brantley, 
James; Calvert, Mary; Connor, Michael; Eddins, Jr., Joseph; Franklin, Ross; 
Goulait, Bert; Lamkey, Jr., Rod; Owen, Clifford; Pastor, Nancy; Riecken, 
Astrid; Rosenbaum, Daniel; Silverman, Joseph; Tefft-Soraghan, Jessica.

[[Page 974]]

WORLD & I--(202) 636-4004; 3600 New York Avenue, NE., Washington, DC 20002: 
Holden, Peter.

XINHUA NEWS AGENCY--(703) 875-0086; 1740N 14th Street, Arlington, VA 22209: 
Lu, Mingxiang.

                                FREELANCE

Freelance--Alswang, Ralph; Anderson, Christopher; Ashe, James; Attlee, 
Tracey; Augustino, Jocelyn; Ballard, Karen; Barouh, Stan; Barrett, Steve; 
Benavides, Mauricio; Benic, Patrick; Berg, Lisa; Bigwood, Jeremy; Bingham, 
Mary; Boitano, Stephen; Bouchard, Renee; Brown, Stephen; Burke, Lauren; 
Cavanaugh, Matthew; Cedeno, Ken; Ceneta, Manuel; Crandall, Bill; Crandall, 
Rob; Cutts, Peter; D'Angelo, Rebecca; DiBari, Jr., Michael; Doyle, Kevin; 
Emanuel, Hector; Falls, Jr., John; Ficara, John; Fitz-Patrick, Bill; Fiume, 
Gregory; Foster, Jacqueline Mia; Garcia, Mannie; Geissinger, Michael; 
Gifford, Porter; Gilbert, Patrice; Godfrey, Mark; Graves, Thomas; Hartmann, 
Paul; Hittle, David; Jacobs, Vance; Johnson, Richard; Johnson, Cynthia; 
Kahn, Nikki; Kim, Yunghi; Kittner, Sam; Kleponis, Chris; Kossoff, Leslie; 
LaVor, Martin; Lowy, Benjamin; Lueders, Martin; Lynaugh, Michael; Mallory, 
Tyler; Marks, Donovan; Menashe, Isaac; Mosley, Leigh; Murphy, Timothy; 
Nipp, Lisa; Otfinowski, Danuta; Pajic, Kamenko; Parker, Howard (Hank); 
Perry, William; Petros, Bill; Philpott, William; Poleski, David; Powers, 
Carol; Purcell, Steven; Raab, Susana; Reinhard, Rick; Ricardel, Vincent; 
Roberts, Nicholas; Robinson, Scott; Roggenbrodt, Jacqueline; Ronay, Vivian; 
Schumacher, Karl; Schwartz, David; Schwarz, Ira; Scull, David; Sommer, 
Emilie; Spillers, Linda; Springer, Mike; Starr, Adele; Stephenson, Al; 
Temchine, Michael; Thomas, Ronald; Turner, Tyrone; Votaw, Jr., Charles; 
Wagreich, Ian; Wolf, Lloyd; Wright, Donald; Zaklin, Stefan; Ziffer, Steve.


