

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 888-894]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                  UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS

      Lafayette Square, 717 Madison Place, NW., Washington, DC 20439

                           phone (202) 357-6406

     ELAINE D. KAPLAN, chief judge; born in Brooklyn, New York, December 
18, 1955; B.A., State University of New York at Binghamton, 1976; J.D., 
Georgetown University, 1979; Office of the Solicitor General, Department 
of Labor, 1979-83; Attorney, State and Local Legal Center, 1983-84; 
Attorney and Deputy General Counsel, National Treasury Employees Union, 
1984-98; Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, 1998-03; Of 
Counsel, Bernabei and Katz, 2003-04; Senior Deputy General Counsel, 
National Treasury Employees Union, 2004-09; General Counsel, U.S. Office 
of Personnel Management, 2009-13; Acting Director, U.S. Office of 
Personnel Management, 2013; appointed to the U.S. Court of Federal 
Claims by President Barack Obama on September 17, 2013; designated chief 
judge by President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. on March 3, 2021.

     PATRICIA E. CAMPBELL-SMITH, judge; born in Baltimore, MD, 1966; 
B.S.E.E., Duke University, 1987; J.D., Tulane Law School, 1992; admitted 
to the Bar of Louisiana; judicial extern to Hon. John Minor Wisdom, U.S. 
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, 1991; law clerk to Hon. Martin 
L. C. Feldman, U.S. District Court for Eastern District of Louisiana, 
1992-93; associate, Liskow and Lewis, 1993-96, 1997-98; law clerk to 
Hon. Sarah S. Vance (Chief Judge), U.S. District Court for Eastern 
District of Louisiana, 1996-97; senior law clerk to Hon. Emily C. Hewitt 
(Chief Judge), U.S. Court of Federal Claims, 1998-2005; special master, 
U.S. Court of Federal Claims, 2005-11; chief special master, U.S. Court 
of Federal Claims, 2011-13; appointed to the U.S. Court of Federal 
Claims by President Obama on September 19, 2013; chief judge from 
October 21, 2013 to March 13, 2017.

     RICHARD A. HERTLING, judge; confirmed by the Senate and sworn in as 
a judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims in June 2019. Born 
and raised in New York City, he graduated from Brown University and 
received his law degree from the University of Chicago Law School. He is 
admitted to practice in New York and the District of Columbia. Upon 
graduating from law school, Judge Hertling clerked for Judge Henry A. 
Politz of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in 
1985-86. Following his clerkship, he was hired through the Attorney 
General's Honors Program and served as a Trial Attorney in the Federal 
Programs Branch of the Civil Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, 
litigating constitutional and regulatory cases, from 1986 until January 
1990. In January 1990, Judge Hertling began his Capitol Hill career, 
serving on the staff of the Senate Judiciary Committee as minority chief 
counsel of the Subcommittee on the Constitution and the Subcommittee on 
Technology and the Law, and as chief counsel of the Subcommittee on 
Terrorism, Technology and Government Information, while also serving as 
chief counsel to Senator Arlen Specter (R-PA). Subsequently, Judge 
Hertling became senior counsel to the Senate Governmental Affairs 
Committee, while also handling Judiciary Committee and other legal 
issues for its chairman, Senator Fred Thompson (R-TN). Following that 
position, he became chief of staff to newly elected Senator Peter 
Fitzgerald (R-IL), and then returned to the Governmental Affairs 
Committee as minority staff director. Upon the retirement of Senator 
Thompson, Judge Hertling served as deputy chief of staff and legislative 
director to newly elected Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN). In July 2003, 
Judge Hertling was appointed Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Legal 
Policy at the Department of Justice and in 2005 was named the Principal 
Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy. In 2007, he was 
appointed Acting Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs at 
the Department of Justice. Judge Hertling was appointed minority deputy 
chief of staff and policy director of the House Judiciary Committee in 
2008, becoming the committee's staff director and chief counsel in 2012. 
In 2013, Judge Hertling joined a prominent Washington law firm as of 
counsel in its public policy group and practiced at the firm until his 
appointment to the court.


[[Page 889]]


     RYAN T. HOLTE judge; confirmed by the U.S. Senate in June 2019 and 
sworn in as a judge on the United States Court of Federal Claims in July 
2019. Prior to confirmation he served as the David L. Brennan Professor 
of Law and Director of the Center for Intellectual Property Law and 
Technology at The University of Akron School of Law (2017-19) and an 
assistant professor of law at Southern Illinois University School of Law 
(2013-17). He was the recipient of multiple research fellowships on 
patent law topics, including awards from the George Mason University 
School of Law and Case Western Reserve University School of Law. As an 
academic, Judge Holte taught a wide variety of courses, including all 
intellectual property subjects and property law. Judge Holte has written 
and presented widely on patent law subjects and empirical legal studies 
of Federal Circuit and district court patent law cases. His most recent 
articles were published in the Iowa Law Review (2019), George Mason Law 
Review (2018), and Washington Law Review (2017). In practice, Judge 
Holte served for six years as general counsel and partner of an 
electrical engineering technology company and is co-inventor of two 
patents related to Systems and Methods for Countering Satellite-
Navigated Munitions (originally held under U.S. Army Secrecy Order until 
June 2016). Prior to entering academia, Judge Holte practiced as a 
litigation attorney at the Federal Trade Commission, an associate in the 
Intellectual Property Practice Group at Jones Day, and a patent 
prosecutor at Finnegan. Prior to practice, he served as a law clerk to 
Judge Stanley F. Birch, Jr. on the United States Court of Appeals for 
the Eleventh Circuit and as a law clerk to Judge Loren A. Smith on the 
United States Court of Federal Claims. While in practice, Judge Holte 
represented numerous pro bono clients on IP matters and served as lead 
court-appointed habeas corpus counsel in the United States Court of 
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judge Holte also served in intellectual 
property bar leadership positions on the Atlanta IP Inn of Court 
(Executive Committee), and the State Bar of Georgia (IP Section 
Trademark Committee Chair). Before law practice, Judge Holte owned a car 
dealership in the San Francisco Bay Area specializing in biodiesel 
vehicles and worked as an engineer for Agilent Technologies / Hewlett 
Packard in Sonoma County, California. Judge Holte received his J.D. from 
the University of California Davis School of Law where he served as a 
staff editor of the UC Davis Business Law Journal. He received his BS, 
magna cum laude, in engineering from the California Maritime Academy 
where he was a First Class graduate of the Corps of Cadets Third 
Engineering Division and sailed as a U.S. Merchant Marine oiler. Judge 
Holte is the recipient of the 2018 California Maritime Academy 
Distinguished Alumnus award. Judge Holte is married and the proud father 
of two young children. He has been active for many years in various 
church and community organizations and his outside interests include 
classic car and truck restoration, motorcycle riding, and chasing after 
his kids.

     DAVID AUSTIN TAPP, judge; confirmed on November 5, 2019 by the U.S. 
Senate as Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. Prior to 
confirmation, Judge Tapp served 15 years as Judge of the 28th Circuit 
and District of the Kentucky Court of Justice. He holds a Juris 
Doctorate from the University of Louisville Brandeis School of Law, a 
Master of Science from Chaminade University of Honolulu, and a Bachelor 
of Arts from Morehead State University. Judge Tapp is a frequent 
presenter and author on a wide variety of civil and criminal issues 
including court culture, judicial stress, court-targeted acts of 
violence, evidence, electronically stored information, and civil and 
criminal procedure. He previously served as a law enforcement officer, 
prosecutor, private counsel, and adjunct professor of law. Judge Tapp's 
efforts on a variety of justice-related issues have been well-
recognized. In 2011, Judge Tapp received the ``All Rise'' Award from the 
National Association of Drug Court Professionals for his efforts related 
to funding issues for substance abuse treatment courts. Most recently, 
Judge Tapp's drug court team became one of only 15 drug courts (out of 
2,700 worldwide) to receive the NADCP's Community Transformation Award 
for his team's continuing efforts to provide meaningful substance abuse 
treatment. Judge Tapp was also the lead judge for Kentucky's efforts to 
explore the use of extended-release injectable naltrexone as part of a 
comprehensive opiate treatment strategy. Judge Tapp currently serves as 
a policy advisor to the 2020 RX Drug and Heroin Abuse Summit, the 
nation's largest conference addressing opioid-related issues. Until his 
confirmation, he served on the U.S. Coordinating Council on Juvenile 
Justice and Delinquency Prevention which reports to the President and 
Congress through the U.S. Department of Justice and provides advice 
regarding programming and intervention strategies for the nation's 
justice-involved children. Judge Tapp previously served six years as 
Chairperson of Kentucky's Circuit Judges Education Committee where he 
directed the continuing education of all general jurisdiction and family 
court judges within Kentucky. He also acted as Kentucky's Co-Chairperson 
of the Judicial Child Fatality Task Force which focused on awareness 
issues surrounding fatal and near-fatal events involving children within 
the judicial and child protective system, and as a member of Kentucky's 
Criminal Justice Policy Assessment Council, a statewide group tasked 
with evaluation of the Commonwealth's justice practices.


[[Page 890]]


     MATTHEW H. SOLOMSON judge; confirmed by the U.S. Senate in January 
2020, and entered on duty at the court on February 4, 2020. The son of a 
retired U.S. Army colonel, Judge Solomson lived in eight states before 
starting high school in Maryland, where he currently resides with his 
family. He completed a B.A. in Economics, cum laude, from Brandeis 
University. In 2002, Judge Solomson graduated, with honors and Order of 
the Coif, from the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of 
Law, and earned an M.B.A. (with a concentration in accounting) from the 
University of Maryland Robert H. Smith School of Business. Judge 
Solomson is the author of Court of Federal Claims: Jurisdiction, 
Practice, and Procedure, a legal treatise first published by Bloomberg 
BNA in 2016. Prior to joining the court, Judge Solomson served as Chief 
Legal & Compliance Officer for an $11B federal contracting business unit 
of a Fortune 50 healthcare company. In that role, Judge Solomson managed 
a team of attorneys, compliance professionals, and internal auditors. He 
also previously led the government contracts practice group within the 
in-house law department of Booz Allen Hamilton, while serving as the 
principal government contracts counsel to the company's intelligence 
business unit. Judge Solomson's private practice experience includes 
having served as Counsel in the government contracts and litigation 
practice groups of Sidley Austin LLP, and as an Associate with Arnold & 
Porter LLP, both in Washington, D.C. In addition to his private sector 
experience, Judge Solomson was a Trial Attorney with the Commercial 
Litigation Branch of the U.S. Department of Justice, where he 
represented a variety of military and civilian agencies as counsel of 
record in dozens of cases before the National Courts, which include the 
U.S. Court of Federal Claims, the U.S. Court of International Trade, and 
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Following law school, 
Judge Solomson served as a law clerk to Judge Francis M. Allegra of the 
U.S. Court of Federal Claims. Since 2008, Judge Solomson has served as 
Adjunct Professor at the University of Maryland Francis King Carey 
School of Law, where he teaches government contracts law. He is a member 
of the Maryland and DC bars, and previously was an officer of the Court 
of Federal Claims Bar Association. Judge Solomson enjoys studying 
Talmud, playing tennis, and spending time at the beach with his family.

     ELENI M. ROUMEL, judge; appointed Judge of the United States Court 
of Federal Claims on February 24, 2020. She previously served as the 
Deputy Counsel to Vice President Mike Pence from 2018-20. Prior to her 
tenure at the White House, she served from 2012-18 as Assistant General 
Counsel in the U.S. House of Representatives Office of General Counsel. 
While serving in the House Office of General Counsel she advised and 
represented the U.S. House of Representatives, Members of Congress, and 
congressional staff in federal trial and appellate courts across the 
country. Judge Roumel previously was a partner with Nelson Mullins Riley 
& Scarborough, LLP, in Charleston, South Carolina, and before that 
practiced at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, LLP and Skadden Arps 
Slate Meagher & Flom, LLP in New York City. She also was an adjunct 
professor at the Charleston School of Law, where she taught intellectual 
property law. Judge Roumel served as a law clerk to the Honorable 
William H. Pauley III, United States District Judge for the Southern 
District of New York, from 2002-04. Judge Roumel has practiced before 26 
different federal and state courts during her nearly 20 years of law 
practice. A native of Maryland, Judge Roumel received her J.D., magna 
cum laude, in 2000 from Tulane Law School, where she graduated Order of 
the Coif and was an editor of the Tulane Law Review. Judge Roumel also 
received her M.B.A. from Tulane University's A.B. Freeman School of 
Business in 2000. She earned her bachelor of arts degree, cum laude, 
from Wake Forest University in 1996. Chief judge from October 19, 2020 
to March 2, 2021.

     EDWARD H. MEYERS, judge; appointed Judge of the United States Court 
of Federal Claims on October 20, 2020. Prior to his appointment, he was 
a partner with Stein Mitchell Beato & Missner LLP from 2012-20. Before 
joining Stein Mitchell, he was an associate at the Washington, D.C. 
office of Kirkland & Ellis LLP from 2006-12. While in private practice, 
Judge Meyers focused on complex civil litigation and tried cases in 
state and federal courts across the country. From 2005-06, Judge Meyers 
served as a law clerk to the Honorable Loren A. Smith, Senior Judge of 
the United States Court of Federal Claims. Judge Meyers was born and 
raised in Washington, D.C. He received his J.D., summa cum laude, from 
The Catholic University of America, Columbus School of Law. He received 
the John L. Garvey Faculty Award, which is awarded to the graduate with 
the highest academic average, and was an associate editor of the 
Catholic University Law Review. Judge Meyers received his B.A. from 
Vanderbilt University.

     KATHRYN C. DAVIS, judge; appointed to the United States Court of 
Federal Claims in December 2020. Prior to her appointment, Judge Davis 
served in the Federal Programs Branch in the Civil Division of the U.S. 
Department of Justice, joining in 2008 as a Trial Attorney and rising to 
the position of Senior Trial Counsel. Her work at the Federal Programs

[[Page 891]]

Branch focused primarily on defending federal agencies in suits raising 
complex issues of constitutional and administrative law. During her 
tenure at the Justice Department, Judge Davis received the Attorney 
General's Distinguished Service Award for her work on district court 
litigation related to the 2013 Federal Government shutdown and a Civil 
Division Special Commendation Award for her work on the Guantanamo Bay 
detainee litigation. Since 2018, she also has served as a Professorial 
Lecturer in Law at the George Washington University Law School. From 
2005-08, Judge Davis was in private practice in Philadelphia. Judge 
Davis received her B.S. in Business Administration from Boston 
University in 2001, and her J.D., cum laude, from Temple University 
Beasley School of Law in 2005.

      THOMPSON M. DIETZ, judge; appointed Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims on December 22, 2020. Prior to his appointment, 
Judge Dietz served as associate counsel at a national accounting firm 
based in Roseland, New Jersey, where his practice focused on government 
contracts, commercial contracts, and regulatory and compliance matters. 
With almost a decade in the accounting industry, he has provided counsel 
with respect to diverse legal and regulatory matters. He also served as 
lead counsel for the firm's government and public sector group and data 
security and privacy matters. Before his time in the accounting 
industry, Judge Dietz worked in the contracts group of a large defense 
contractor, where he was involved in the negotiation and management of 
federal government contracts relating to significant military system 
design and development programs. Judge Dietz received a Certificate of 
Commendation from the United States Marine Corps for his contributions. 
Judge Dietz is a native of New Orleans, Louisiana. He earned his B.A. 
from Clemson University and J.D. from Tulane Law School. He is married 
and has three daughters.

     ZACHARY N. SOMERS, judge; appointed Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims on December 22, 2020, by President Donald J. 
Trump. Prior to his appointment, Judge Somers served as Chief 
Investigative Counsel to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary under 
Chairman Lindsey Graham. Before moving to the Senate, he served for over 
a decade on the House Committee on the Judiciary under Chairmen Lamar 
Smith and Bob Goodlatte, in multiple positions, including as the 
Committee's General Counsel & Parliamentarian and as Deputy Chief 
Counsel for the Subcommittee on the Constitution. Prior to his work on 
Capitol Hill, Judge Somers worked at a boutique law firm that 
specializes in litigation before the Court of Federal Claims. He served 
as a law clerk to Judge Victor Wolski on the Court of Federal Claims. A 
native of Washington, D.C., Judge Somers earned his A.B. from Georgetown 
University and his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center, where he 
served as Editor-in-Chief of the Georgetown Journal of Law and Public 
Policy.

     STEPHEN S. SCHWARTZ, judge; appointed Judge of the United States 
Court of Federal Claims on December 22, 2020. Judge Schwartz graduated 
from Yale College in 2005. He received his J.D. from the University of 
Chicago Law School, where he was Online Editor of the University of 
Chicago Law Review and a Hinton Moot Court finalist. He clerked for 
Judge Jerry E. Smith on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 
Following his clerkship, Judge Schwartz was a litigation associate at 
D.C. law firm, focusing his practice on appellate and administrative law 
matters. He then joined a non-profit where he litigated cases related to 
federal government transparency and administrative agency discretion. In 
2016 he joined a D.C. litigation boutique where he represented state and 
local governments in complex trial court and appellate proceedings, 
becoming a partner in 2017. A native of Winona, Minnesota, he lives with 
his family in Arlington, Virginia.

                               SENIOR JUDGES

     JOHN PAUL WIESE, senior judge; born in Brooklyn, NY, April 19, 
1934; son of Gustav and Margaret Wiese; B.A., cum laude, Hobart College, 
1962, Phi Beta Kappa; LL.B., University of Virginia School of Law, 1965; 
married to Alice Mary Donoghue, June, 1961; one son, John Patrick; 
served U.S. Army, 1957-59; law clerk: U.S. Court of Claims, trial 
division, 1965-66, and Judge Linton M. Collins, U.S. Court of Claims, 
appellate division, 1966-67; private practice in District of Columbia, 
1967-74 (specializing in government contract litigation); trial judge, 
U.S. Court of Claims, 1974-82; admitted to the Bar of the District of 
Columbia, 1966; admitted to practice in the U.S. Supreme Court, the U.S. 
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, the U.S. Court of Federal 
Claims; member: District of Columbia Bar Association and American Bar 
Association; designated in Federal Courts Improvement Act of 1982 as 
judge, U.S. Court of Federal Claims and reappointed by President Reagan 
to 15-year term on October 14, 1986.


[[Page 892]]


     LOREN A. SMITH, senior judge; born in Chicago, IL, 1944; married to 
Catherine Yore Smith; two sons; attended Northwestern University (BA 
1966) and Northwestern University School of Law (J.D. 1969); admitted to 
practice Supreme Court of Illinois, federal courts in Washington, DC; 
consultant at Sidley & Austin, Chicago (1972-73); general attorney, 
Federal Communications Commission (1973), assistant to the special 
counsel to the president (1973-74); special assistant U.S. attorney for 
the District of Columbia (1974-75); professor of law, Delaware Law 
School (1976-84); deputy director of the Executive Branch Management 
Office of Presidential Transition (1980-81); chairman of the 
Administrative Conference of the United States (1981-1985); adjunct 
professor of law at George Mason University School of Law; Washington 
College of Law, American University; Georgetown University Law Center; 
Columbus School of Law, The Catholic University of America; nominated to 
the U.S. Court of Federal Claims by President Reagan on May 15, 1985; 
and assumed duties of the office on July 11, 1985; served as chief judge 
from January 14, 1986 to July 11, 2000.

     MARIAN BLANK HORN, senior judge; born in New York, NY, 1943; 
daughter of Werner P. and Mady R. Blank; married to Robert Jack Horn; 
three daughters; attended Fieldston School, New York, NY, Barnard 
College, Columbia University, and Fordham University School of Law; 
admitted to practice U.S. Supreme Court, 1973, Federal and State courts 
in New York, 1970, and Washington, DC, 1973; assistant district 
attorney, Deputy Chief Appeals Bureau, Bronx County, NY, 1969-72; 
attorney, Arent, Fox, Kintner, Plotkin and Kahn, 1972-73; adjunct 
professor of law, Washington College of Law, American University, 1973-
76; litigation attorney, Federal Energy Administration, 1975-76; senior 
attorney, Office of General Counsel, Strategic Petroleum Reserve Branch, 
Department of Energy, 1976-79; deputy assistant general counsel for 
procurement and financial incentives, Department of Energy, 1979-81; 
deputy associate solicitor, Division of Surface Mining, Department of 
the Interior, 1981-83; associate solicitor, Division of General Law, 
Department of the Interior, 1983-85; principal deputy solicitor and 
acting solicitor, Department of Interior, 1985-86; adjunct professor of 
law, George Washington University National Law Center, 1991-present; 
Woodrow Wilson Visiting Fellow, 1994; assumed duties of judge, U.S. 
Court of Federal Claims in 1986 and confirmed for a second term in 2003.

     ERIC G. BRUGGINK, senior judge; born in Kalidjati, Indonesia, 
September 11, 1949; naturalized U.S. citizen, 1961; married to Melinda 
Harris Bruggink; sons: John and David; B.A., cum laude (sociology), 
Auburn University, AL, 1971; M.A. (speech), 1972; J.D., University of 
Alabama, 1975; Hugo Black Scholar and Note and Comments Editor of 
Alabama Law Review; member, Alabama State Bar and District of Columbia 
Bar; served as law clerk to chief judge Frank H. McFadden, Northern 
District of Alabama, 1975-76; associate, Hardwick, Hause and Segrest, 
Dothan, AL, 1976-77; assistant director, Alabama Law Institute, 1977-79; 
director, Office of Energy and Environmental Law, 1977-79; associate, 
Steiner, Crum and Baker, Montgomery, AL, 1979-82; Director, Office of 
Appeals Counsel, Merit Systems Protection Board, 1982-86; appointed to 
the U.S. Court of Federal Claims on April 15, 1986.

     EDWARD J. DAMICH, senior judge; born in Pittsburgh, PA, June 19, 
1948; son of John and Josephine (Lovrencic) Damich; A.B., St. Stephen's 
College, 1970; J.D., Catholic University, 1976; professor of law at 
Delaware School of Law of Widener University, 1976-84; served as a Law 
and Economics Fellow at Columbia University School of Law, where he 
earned his L.L.M. in 1983 and his J.S.D. in 1991; professor of law at 
George Mason University, 1984-98; appointed by President George H.W. 
Bush to be a Commissioner of the Copyright Royalty Tribunal, 1992-93; 
Chief Intellectual Property Counsel for the Senate Judiciary Committee, 
1995-98; admitted to the Bar of the District of Columbia; member of the 
District of Columbia Bar Association, American Bar Association, Supreme 
Court of the United States, the Federal Circuit and Association 
litteraire et artistique internationale; president of the National 
Federation of Croatian Americans, 1994-95; appointed by President 
Clinton as judge, U.S. Court of Federal Claims, October 22, 1998; served 
as chief judge May 13, 2002 to March 11, 2009.

     NANCY B. FIRESTONE, senior judge; born in Manchester, NH, October 
17, 1951; B.A., Washington University, 1973; J.D., University of 
Missouri, Kansas City, 1977; one child; attorney, Appellate Section and 
Environmental Enforcement Section, U.S. Department of Justice, 
Washington, DC, 1977-84; assistant chief, Policy Legislation and Special 
Litigation, Environment and Natural Resources Division, Department of 
Justice, Washington, DC, 1984-85; Deputy Chief, Environmental 
Enforcement Section, Department of Justice, Washington, DC, 1985-89; 
associate deputy administrator, Environmental Protection Agency, 
Washington, DC, 1989-92; judge, Environmental Appeals Board, 
Environmental Protection Agency, Washington, DC, 1992-95; Deputy 
Assistant Attorney General, Environment and Natural Resources

[[Page 893]]

Division, Department of Justice, Washington, DC, 1995-98; adjunct 
professor, Georgetown University Law Center, 1985-present; appointed to 
the U.S. Court of Federal Claims by President Clinton on October 22, 
1998.

     CHARLES F. LETTOW, senior judge; born in Iowa Falls, IA, 1941; son 
of Carl F. and Catherine Lettow; B.S.Ch.E., Iowa State University, 1962; 
LL.B., Stanford University, 1968, Order of the Coif; M.A., Brown 
University, 2001; Note Editor, Stanford Law Review; children: Renee 
Burnett, Carl Frederick II, John Stangland, and Paul Vorbeck; served 
U.S. Army, 1963-65; law clerk to Judge Ben C. Duniway, U.S. Court of 
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, 1968-69, and Chief Justice Warren E. 
Burger, Supreme Court of the United States, 1969-70; counsel, Council on 
Environmental Quality, Executive Office of the President, 1970-73; 
associate (1973-76) and partner (1976-2003), Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen and 
Hamilton, Washington, DC; admitted to practice before the U.S. Supreme 
Court, the U.S. Courts of Appeals for the D.C., Second, Third, Fourth, 
Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and Federal Circuits, the U.S. 
District Courts for the District of Columbia, the Northern District of 
California, and the District of Maryland, and the U.S. Court of Federal 
Claims; member: American Law Institute, the American Bar Association, 
the D.C. Bar, the California State Bar, the Iowa State Bar Association, 
and the Maryland State Bar; nominated by President George W. Bush to the 
U.S. Court of Federal Claims in 2001 and confirmed and took office in 
2003.

     MARY ELLEN COSTER WILLIAMS, senior judge; born in Flushing, NY, 
April 3, 1953; married with two children; B.A. summa cum laude (Greek 
and Latin) and M.A. (Latin), The Catholic University of America, 1974; 
J.D., Duke University, 1977; Editorial Board, Duke Law Journal, 1976-77; 
admitted to the District of Columbia Bar; associate, Fulbright and 
Jaworski, 1977-79; associate, Schnader, Harrison, Segal and Lewis, 1979-
83; Assistant U.S. Attorney, Civil Division, District of Columbia, 1983-
87; partner, Janis, Schuelke and Wechsler, 1987-89; administrative 
judge, General Services Board of Contract Appeals, March 1989-July 2003; 
secretary, District of Columbia Bar, 1988-89; Fellow, American Bar 
Foundation, elected 1985; Board of Directors, Bar Association of the 
District of Columbia, 1985-88; Chairman, Young Lawyers Section, Bar 
Association of the District of Columbia, 1985-86; Chair, Public Contract 
Law Section of the American Bar Association, 2002-03; Chair-Elect, Vice-
Chair, Secretary, Council, 1995-2002; Delegate, Section of Public 
Contract Law, ABA House of Delegates, 2003-08 and 2014-present; ABA 
Board of Governors, 2010-13; Adjunct Professor, Johns Hopkins 
University, 2006-present; Adjunct Professor, The Catholic University of 
America Columbus School of Law, 2004-06; appointed to the U.S. Court of 
Federal Claims on July 21, 2003.

     VICTOR JOHN WOLSKI, senior judge; born in New Brunswick, NJ, 
November 14, 1962; son of Vito and Eugenia Wolski; B.A., B.S., 
University of Pennsylvania, 1984; J.D., University of Virginia School of 
Law, 1991; married to Lisa Wolski; admitted to Supreme Court of the 
United States, 1995; California Supreme Court, 1992; Washington Supreme 
Court, 1994; Oregon Supreme Court, 1996; District of Columbia Court of 
Appeals, 2001; U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, 1993; U.S. 
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, 2001; U.S. District Court for 
the Eastern District of California, 1993; U.S. District Court for the 
Northern District of California, 1995; U.S. Court of Federal Claims, 
2001; U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, 2002; research 
assistant, Center for Strategic and International Studies, 1984-85; 
research associate, Institute for Political Economy, 1985-88; 
confidential assistant and speechwriter to the Secretary, U.S. 
Department of Agriculture, 1988; paralegal specialist, Office of the 
general counsel, U.S. Department of Energy, 1989; law clerk to Judge 
Vaughn R. Walker, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of 
California, 1991-92; attorney, Pacific Legal Foundation, 1992-97; 
general counsel, Sacramento County Republican Central Committee, 1995-
97; counsel Senator Connie Mack, Vice-Chairman of the Joint Economic 
Committee, U.S. Congress, 1997-98; general counsel and chief tax 
adviser, Joint Economic Committee, U.S. Congress, 1999-2000; associate, 
Cooper, Carvin and Rosenthal, 2000-01; associate, Cooper and Kirk, 2001-
03; associate editor, Public Contract Law Journal, 2006-present; 
appointed by President George W. Bush to the U.S. Court of Federal 
Claims on July 14, 2003.

     MARGARET M. SWEENEY, senior judge; born in Baltimore, MD; B.A. in 
history, Notre Dame of Maryland, 1977; J.D., Delaware Law School, 1981; 
Delaware Family Court Master, 1981-83; litigation associate, Fedorko, 
Gilbert, and Lanctot, Morrisville, PA, 1983-85; law clerk to Hon. Loren 
A. Smith, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, 1985-87; 
trial attorney in the General Litigation Section of the Environment and 
Natural Resources Division of the United States Department of Justice, 
1987-99; president, U.S. Court of Federal Claims Bar Association, 1999; 
attorney advisor, United States Department of Justice Office

[[Page 894]]

of Intelligence Policy and Review, 1999-2003; special master, U.S. Court 
of Federal Claims, 2003-05; member of the Bars of the Supreme Court of 
Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia Court of Appeals; appointed to 
the U.S. Court of Federal Claims by President George W. Bush on October 
24, 2005, and entered duty on December 14, 2005; designated Chief judge 
by President Donald J. Trump from July 13, 2018 to October 18, 2020.


