

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 615-624]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                           DEPARTMENT OF STATE

                 2201 C Street, NW., Washington, DC 20520

                           phone (202) 647-4000

     ANTONY J. BLINKEN, Secretary of State; born in Yonkers, NY, April 
16, 1962; education:, social studies, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, 
1984;, Columbia Law School, New York, NY, 1988; professional: served as 
President Obama's principal deputy national security advisor; served as 
deputy secretary of state for President Barack Obama from 2015-17; 
chaired the interagency deputies committee, the main forum for hammering 
out the administration's foreign policy; served as national security 
advisor to then-Vice President Joe Biden; Democratic staff director for 
the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, 2002; served as a member of 
the National Security Council staff, including two years as the senior 
director for European affairs, the president's principal advisor on the 
countries of Europe, the European Union, and NATO; served four years as 
President Clinton's chief foreign policy speechwriter; State Department 
special assistant in what was then called the Bureau of European and 
Canadian Affairs, 1993-94; founder of WestExec Advisors, an 
international strategic consulting firm focused on geopolitics and 
national security; senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and 
International Studies, 2001-02; reporter for The New Republic magazine 
and is the author of Ally Versus Ally: America, Europe and the Siberian 
Pipeline Crisis (Praeger, 1987); married, Evan Ryan; children, two; 
nominated by President Joseph R. Biden on November 23, 2020; confirmed 
by the U.S. Senate on January 26, 2021; and sworn in by Vice President 
Kamala Harris on January 27, 2021.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

 Secretary of State.--Anthony J. Blinken, Room 7226 (202) 647-4000.
     Deputy Secretary.--Wendy R. Sherman, Room 7220, 647-8636.

               UNDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGEMENT AND RESOURCES

 Under Secretary.--Carol Z. Perez (acting), Room 7207, 647-1500.

                    OFFICE OF GLOBAL CRIMINAL JUSTICE

 Ambassador-at-Large.--Michael G. Kozak (acting), Room 7806, 647-8177.

                     OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF PROTOCOL

 Chief of Protocol.--Asel Roberts (acting), Room 1238, 647-4543.
     Deputy Chief of Protocol.--Sharon E. Weber, 647-4543.

                          OFFICE OF CIVIL RIGHTS

 Director and Chief Diversity Officer.--Gregory B. Smith, Room 7428, 
    647-9295.
     Deputy Director.--Audrey B. Huon-Dumentat (acting), Room 7428, 647-
        9295.

                        BUREAU OF COUNTERTERRORISM

 Coordinator.--John T. Godfrey (acting), Room 2509, 647-9892.
     Principal Deputy Coordinator.--Christopher Landberg (acting), Room 
        2509 647-8024.


[[Page 616]]



             BUREAU OF CONFLICT AND STABILIZATION OPERATIONS

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, HST (202) 647-7391.

                     BUREAU OF ENERGY RESOURCES (BER)

 Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Paul F. Hueper (acting), Room 6429 (202) 
    647-8510.

                          EXECUTIVE SECRETARIAT

 Special Assistant and Executive Secretary.--Kamala S. Lakhdhir, Room 
    7224, 647-8448.
     Deputy Executive Secretaries: Tressa R. Finerty, 647-5302; Mark C. 
        Johnson, 647-5302; Marc L. Shaw, 647-5302.

                      OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

               1700 North Moore Street, Arlington, VA 22209

 Inspector General.--Diana R. Shaw (acting), Room 800 SA-39 (571) 349-
    5580.

                    BUREAU OF INTELLIGENCE AND RESEARCH

 Assistant Secretary.--Kin W. Moy (acting), Room 6468, 647-7826.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Kin Moy, 647-7826.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Victor Raphael, 647-9633; Annette 
        Redmond, 647-7754.

                        OFFICE OF THE LEGAL ADVISER

 Legal Adviser.--Vacant, Room 6421 HST, 647-5036.
     Principal Deputy Legal Adviser.--Richard C. Visek, Room 6421 HST, 
        647-8460.
     Deputy Legal Advisers: Kathleen Hook, Room 6421 HST, 647-7942; 
        Katherine McManus, Room 6421 HST, 647-7942.

                       BUREAU OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Naz Durakoglu (acting), Room 7805, 647-1656.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary (Global, Regional, and Functional).--
        Danny Stoian, Room 7805, 647-8733.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary (Senate).--David N. Bonine, Room 7805, 
        647-1656.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary (House).--Jacqueline Quinones, Room 
        7805, 647-2071.

                           POLICY PLANNING STAFF

 Director.--Vacant, Room 7311, 647-4000.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Vacant, Room 7311, 647-4000.

                OFFICE OF THE U.S. GLOBAL AIDS COORDINATOR

 Coordinator.--Dr. Deborah Birx, Room SA-22, 663-2579.
     Principal Deputy U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator.--Mark Brown, 663-
        1090.

                   UNDER SECRETARY FOR POLITICAL AFFAIRS

 Under Secretary.--Victoria Nuland, Room 7250, 647-2471.
     Executive Assistant.--Alexander ``Sasha'' Kasanof, Room 7258, 647-
        1598.

                             AFRICAN AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Robert Godec (acting), Room 6234A, 647-2530.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Elizabeth Fitzsimmons, Room 
        6234, 647-2446.


[[Page 617]]



                      EAST ASIAN AND PACIFIC AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Kin Moy, 647-9596.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, 647-8929.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Richard L. Buangan, Room 6205, 647-
        7234; Mark Lambert, Room 6205, 647-4393; Jung Pak, Room 6205, 
        647-6412; Rick Waters, Room 6205, 647-6910; Vacant, Room 6502, 
        647-4612.

                      EUROPEAN AND EURASIAN AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Philip T. Reeker (acting), Room 6226, 647-9626.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Maureen E. Cormack (acting), 
        647-6233.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Matthew G. Boyse, Room HST 6226, 647-
        6415; Molly C. Montgomery, Room HST 6227, 647-9373; George P. 
        Kent, Room HST 6227, 647-0907; Michael J. Murphy, Room HST 6227, 
        647-6402; Matthew A. Palmer, Room HST 6226, 647-5170; 
        Christopher Robinson, Room HST 6226, 647-5146.

                           NEAR EASTERN AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Yael Lempert (acting), Room 6242, 647-7207.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Joey R. Hood, Room 6242, 
        647-7209.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Hady Amr, Room 6242, 647-0100; 
        Daniael Benalm, Room 6242, 647-7864; Aimee Cutrona, Room 6242, 
        647-1031; Chris Hodges, Room 6242, 647-4199.

                     SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIAN AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Dean Thompson, Room 6254, 736-4022.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Ervin Massinga (acting), 
        Room 6254, 647-5058.
     Executive Director.--Rachna Komonen, Room 4245, 647-3269.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Jonathan Henick, Room 6245, 647-2084; 
        Nancy Jackson, Room 6245, 647-1312; Laura Stone, Room 6254, 647-
        1114; Les Viguerle, Room 6254, 647-5058.

                        WESTERN HEMISPHERE AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Julie Chung (acting), Room 6262, 647-8387.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Hugo Rodriguez, Room 6262, 
        647-6755.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Katherine Dueholm (acting), Room 
        3924, 647-8186; Laura Lochman (acting), Room 3918, 647-3135; 
        Emily Mendrala, Room 6262, 647-3903; Kevin M. O'Reilly, Room 
        6262, 647-8562; Jon Piechowski, Room 6914, 215-0979.

           INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--James A. Walsh (acting), Room HST 7826, 647-8464.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Jorgan Andrews, Room HST 7826, 647-
        6054; Tobin J. Bradley, Room HST 7826, 647-9822; Heidi B. 
        Fulton, Room HST 7826, 647-6054; Vacant, Room HST 7826, 647-
        9097.

                    INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Erica J. Banks-Ruggles (acting), Room 6323, 647-
    9600.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Sabine Crowley-Klaube, Room 
        6323, 647-9602.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Nerissa J. Cook, Room 6323, 647-5798; 
        Allison K. Lombardo, Room 6319, 647-6117; David C. Mcfarland, 
        Room 6323, 647-9604.

               UNDER SECRETARY FOR ECONOMIC GROWTH, ENERGY,

                            AND THE ENVIRONMENT

 Under Secretary.--Jose W. Fernandez, Room 7256, 647-7575.
     Executive Assistant.--Vacant, 647-7674.

[[Page 618]]

     Chief Of Staff.--Jonathan D. Fritz, Room 7256, 647-7688.

                      ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Manisha Singh, Room 4932, 647-7971.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Peter D. Haas, Room 4950, 
        647-9496.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Roland De Marcelus (acting), Room 
        4871, 647-9426; David Meale, Room 4652, 647-5991; David Peyman, 
        Room 4844, 647-2586; Robert L. Strayer, Room 4634, 647-5858; 
        Hugo Yon, Room 3425, 647-4045.

        UNDER SECRETARY FOR ARMS CONTROL AND INTERNATIONAL SECURITY

 Under Secretary.--Bonnie D. Jenkins, Room 7208, 647-1522.
     Chief Of Staff.--Hailey Robbins, Room 7208, 647-4397.

               INTERNATIONAL SECURITY AND NONPROLIFERATION

 Assistant Secretary.--Eliot Kang (acting), Room 3932, 647-5999.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Ann Ganzer (acting), Room 
        3932, 647-5999.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary For Non-Nuclear Encounter For 
        Proliferation.--Anthony Wier, Room 3932, 736-4718.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary For Nonproliferation Programs.--Phillip 
        Dolliff (acting), 647-9612.

                        POLITICAL-MILITARY AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room 6212, 647-9022.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Timothy A. Betts, 647-9023.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Stanley L. Brown, Room 6312A, 736-
        7747; Michael F. Miller, Room SA-01-1201, 663-3537; Mira 
        Resnick, Room 6212, 647-9023.

                ARMS CONTROL, VERIFICATION AND COMPLIANCE

 Assistant Secretary.--Bruce I. Turner, Room 5844, 647-5315.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Alex Bell, Room 5950, 647-
        5315.

          UNDER SECRETARY FOR PUBLIC DIPLOMACY AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS

 Under Secretary.--Jennifer Hall Godfrey, Room 7531, 647-9199.
     Chief Of Staff.--Silvio Gonzalez (acting), Room 7531, 647-9199.

                     EDUCATIONAL AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Marie T. Royce, Room 5-BB17, 632-6606.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jennifer Z. Galt, Room 5-
        Z17, 632-6449.

                          GLOBAL PUBLIC AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Nicole Chulich (acting), Room 6634, 647-6088.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Mark E. Stroh (acting), Room 
        6634, 647-6088.
     Spokesperson.--Ned Price, Room 6634, 647-6088.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Michael Friedmann, Room 6634, 647-
        6088; Rebecca Jenkins (acting), Room 6634, 647-6088; Luke 
        Peterson, Room 6634, 647-6088; William Russo, Room 6634, 647-
        6088.

                      UNDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGEMENT

 Under Secretary.--Carol Z. Perez (acting), Room 7207, 647-1500.


[[Page 619]]



                              ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--John W. Dinkelman (acting), Room 6529, 647-4438.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Cecilia Coates (acting), Room 1200 
        (703) 875-5194; Keith D. Hanigan, Room 2334, 647-2082; Eric F. 
        Stein (acting), Room HST-1417 (202) 485-2051.

                             CONSULAR AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Ian G. Brownlee (acting), Room 12.100 (202) 485-
    6050.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Edward Ramotowski, 12.100, 
        485-6053.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Rachel M. Arndt, (4th Floor); Karen 
        King, (10th Floor), 485-6040; Julie Stufft (acting), Room 
        12.204, 647-7561.

                           DIPLOMATIC SECURITY

 Assistant Secretary.--Todd J. Brown (acting), Room 6316, 647-6290.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Julie Cabus, (571) 226-9761; Cornell 
        Chasten, Room 23L09, (571) 345-3841; Jason R. Kight (acting), 
        (571) 345-3809; Lonnie J. Price, Room SA-20, 258-2636; Greg A. 
        Sherman, Room 23B-12, (571) 345-3492; Mark Sullo, (571) 345-
        3785.

               DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE AND

                       DIRECTOR OF HUMAN RESOURCES

 Director General.--Carol Perez, Room 6218, 647-9898.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Kenneth Merten, 647-5942.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Jeanne Juliano, 647-9438; Philippe 
        Lussier, 647-5152; Mirembe Nantongo, 647-9442.

                        FOREIGN SERVICE INSTITUTE

 Director.--Julieta V. Noyes (acting), Room F2101, (703) 302-6707.
     Deputy Director.--Joan A. Polaschik (acting), Room F2101, 302-6703.

                     INFORMATION RESOURCE MANAGEMENT

 Chief Information Officer.--Keith A. Jones, Room 6311, 647-2889.
     Deputy CIO For Operations.--Brian F. Merrick (acting), Room 6094, 
        634-3757.
     Deputy CIO For Business Management And Planning.--Jeffrey D. 
        Johnson, Room NW6-096, 634-3083.

                             MEDICAL SERVICES

 Chief Medical Officer.--Larry Padget, Room L218, 663-1649.

                      OVERSEAS BUILDINGS OPERATIONS

 Director.--Henry Jardine (acting), (703) 875-6351.
     Principal Deputy Director.--J. Kent Stiegler (acting), 571-345-
        0215.

   UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE FOR CIVILIAN SECURITY, DEMOCRACY, AND HUMAN 
                                 RIGHTS

 Under Secretary.--Uzra Zeya, Room 7261, 647-1189.

                    DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND LABOR

 Assistant Secretary.--Lisa Peterson (acting), Room 7827, 647-3273.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Scott W. Busby (acting), 
        Room 7827, 647-8714.


[[Page 620]]



      OCEANS AND INTERNATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND SCIENTIFIC AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Marcia S. Bernicat (acting), Room 7256, 647-1554.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jonathan M. Moore (acting), 
        Room 3880, 647-1554.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: John Thompson, Room 3880, 647-3398; 
        Jonathan Margolis, Room 3880, 647-1561; Constance Arvis, Room 
        3880, 647-3032.

                   POPULATION, REFUGEES, AND MIGRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--Nancy I. Jackson, Room HST 7817, 647-5822.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Richard A. Albright, Room 
        HST 7817, 647-5982.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Sarah R. Cross, Room HST 7817, 647-
        5982; Marta C. Youth, Room HST 7817, 647-5982; Lesley C. Ziman, 
        Room HST 7817, 647-5822.

                    U.S. MISSION TO THE UNITED NATIONS

 Representative of the U.S. to the United Nations.--Amb. Kelly Knight 
    Craft, Room 2112 (212) 415-4444.
     Deputy to the Representative of the U.S. to the United Nations.--
        Vacant, Room 6633 HST (202) 736-7578.

                       OFFICE OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE

 Director.--Tracy Carson (acting), Room 5923, 647-2608.

            UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC OFFICES--FOREIGN SERVICE

         (C = Consular Office, N = No Embassy or Consular Office)

                       https://usembassy.state.gov

                        LIST OF CHIEFS OF MISSION

 AFGHANISTAN, ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF (Kabul).
    Ross L. Wilson (Charge d'Affaires).
 ALBANIA, REPUBLIC OF (Tirana).
    Hon. Yuri Kim.
 ALGERIA, DEMOCRATIC AND POPULAR REPUBLIC OF (Algiers).
    Gautam Rana (Charge d'Affaires).
 ANDORRA (Andorra La Vella).
    Conrad Tribble (Charge d'Affaires).
 ANGOLA, REPUBLIC OF (Luanda).
    Vacant.
 ARGENTINA (Buenos Aires).
    Hon. Marc Stanley.
 ARMENIA, REPUBLIC OF (Yerevan).
    Lynne M. Tracy.
 ASSOCIATION OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN NATIONS (ASEAN).
    Rachel L. Cooke (Charge d'Affaires).
 AUSTRALIA (Canberra).
    Michael Goldman (Charge d'Affaires).
 AUSTRIA, REPUBLIC OF (Vienna).
    Robin Dunnigan (Charge d'Affaires).
 AZERBAIJAN, REPUBLIC OF (Baku).
    Hon. Earle D. ``Lee'' Litzenberger.
 BAHAMAS, THE COMMONWEALTH OF THE (Nassau).
    Vacant.
 BAHRAIN, STATE OF (Manama).
    Margaret Nardi (Charge d'Affaires).
 BANGLADESH, PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF (Dhaka).
    Hon. Earl Robert Miller.
 BARBADOS (Bridgetown).
    Hon. Linda Taglialatela.
 BELARUS, REPUBLIC OF (Minsk).
    Vacant.
 BELGIUM (Brussels).
    Nicholas Berliner (Charge d'Affaires).
 BELIZE (Belmopan).
    Leyla Moses-Ones (Charge d'Affaires).
 BENIN, REPUBLIC OF (Cotonou).
    Hon. Patricia Mahoney.
 BOLIVIA, REPUBLIC OF (La Paz).
    Charisse Phillips (Charge d'Affaires).
 BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA (Sarajevo).
    Hon. Eric George Nelson.
 BOTSWANA, REPUBLIC OF (Gaborone).
    Craig Cloud.
   
 BRAZIL, FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF (Brasilia).
    Vacant.
 BRUNEI DARUSSALAM (Bandar Seri Begawan).
    Hon. Caryn McClelland.
 BULGARIA, REPUBLIC OF (Sofia).
    Hon. Herro Mustafa.
 BURKINA FASO (Ouagadougou).
    Hon. Sandra Clark.
 BURMA, UNION OF (Rangoon).
    Hon. Thomas L. Vajda.
 BURUNDI, REPUBLIC OF (Bujumbura).

[[Page 621]]


    Hon. Melanie Higgins.
 CABO VERDE (Praia).
    Hon. John Jefferson Daigle.
 CAMBODIA, KINGDOM OF (Phnom Penh).
    Hon. W. Patrick Murphy.
 CAMEROON, REPUBLIC OF (Yaounde).
    Mary E. Daschbach (Charge d'Affaires).
 CANADA (Ottawa).
    Hon. David L. Cohen.
 CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC (Bangui).
    Hon. Lucy Tamlyn.
 CHAD, REPUBLIC OF (N'Djamena).
    David Gilmour (Charge d'Affaires).
 CHILE, REPUBLIC OF (Santiago).
    Vacant.
 CHINA, PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF (Beijing).
    David Meale (Charge d'Affaires).
 COLOMBIA, REPUBLIC OF (Bogota).
    Hon. Philip Goldberg.
 COMOROS, UNION OF (Moroni).
    Amy J. Hyatt (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to the Republic of 
    Madagascar).
 CONGO, DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE (Kinshasa).
    Hon. Mike Hammer.
 CONGO, REPUBLIC OF THE (Brazzaville).
    Daniel A. Travis (Charge d'Affaires).
 COSTA RICA, REPUBLIC OF (San Jose).
    Marcos Mandojana (Charge d'Affaires).
 COTE D'IVOIRE, REPUBLIC OF (Abidjan).
    Hon. Richard K. Bell.
 CROATIA, REPUBLIC OF (Zagreb).
    Mark L. Fleming (Charge d'Affaires).
 CUBA (Havana).
    Timothy Zuniga-Brown (Charge d'Affaires).
 CURACAO AND ARUBA (Consul General).
    Nan Fife (Chief of Mission).
 CYPRUS, REPUBLIC OF (Nicosia).
    Hon. Judith G. Garber.
 CZECH REPUBLIC (Prague).
    Jennifer Bachus (Charge d'Affaires).
 DENMARK (Copenhagen).
    Vacant.
 DJIBOUTI, REPUBLIC OF (Djibouti).
    Hon. Jonathan G. Pratt.
 DOMINICAN REPUBLIC (Santo Domingo).
    Robert W. Thomas (Charge d'Affaires).
 ECUADOR, REPUBLIC OF (Quito).
    Hon. Michael J. Fitzpatrick.
 EGYPT, ARAB REPUBLIC OF (Cairo).
    Hon. Johnathan R. Cohen.
 EL SALVADOR, REPUBLIC OF (San Salvador).
    Jean Elizabeth (Charge d'Affaires).
 EQUATORIAL GUINEA, REPUBLIC OF (Malabo).
    Hon. Chris Lamora.
 ERITREA, STATE OF (Asmara).
    Steven C. Walker (Chief of Mission).
 ESTONIA (Tallinn).
    Brian Roraff (Charge d'Affaires).
 ESWATINI, KINGDOM OF (Mbabane).
    Hon. Jeanne Maloney.
 ETHIOPIA, FEDERAL DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF (Addis Ababa).
    Hon. Geeta Pasi.
 EUROPEAN UNION.
    Kelly Adams-Smith (Charge d'Affaires).
 FIJI ISLANDS, REPUBLIC OF THE (Suva).
    Antone Greubel (Charge d'Affaires).
 FINLAND, REPUBLIC OF (Helsinki).
    Vacant.
 FRANCE (Paris).
    Brian Aggeler (Charge d'Affaires).
 GABONESE REPUBLIC (Libreville).
    Samuel Watson (Charge d'Affaires).
 GAMBIA, REPUBLIC OF THE (Banjul).
    Hon. Richard Carlton Paschall III.
 GEORGIA (Tbilisi).
    Hon. Kelly C. Degnan.
 GERMANY, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF (Berlin).
    Vacant.
 GHANA, REPUBLIC OF (Accra).
    Hon. Stephanie Sullivan.
 GREECE (Athens).
    Hon. Geoffrey Pyatt.
   
 GUATEMALA, REPUBLIC OF (Guatemala).
    Hon. William W. Popp.
 GUINEA, REPUBLIC OF (Conakry).
    Michelle M. Yerkin.
 GUINEA-BISSAU, REPUBLIC OF (Bissau).
    Hon. Tulinabo Salama Mushingi (Also Ambassador to the Republic of 
    Senegal).
 GUYANA, CO-OPERATIVE REPUBLIC OF (Georgetown).
    Hon. Sarah-Ann Lynch.
 HAITI, REPUBLIC OF (Port-au-Prince).
    Hon. Kenneth H. Merten.
 HOLY SEE (Vatican City).
    Vacant.
 HONDURAS, REPUBLIC OF (Tegucigalpa).
    Colleen Hoey (Charge d'Affaires).
 HONG KONG (Hong Kong).
    Hon. Hanscom Smith (Consul General).
 HUNGARY, REPUBLIC OF (Budapest).
    Marc Dillard (Charge d'Affaires).
 ICELAND, REPUBLIC OF (Reykjavik).
    Hon. Jeffrey Hovenier (Charge d'Affaires).
 INDIA (New Delhi).
    Patrica Lacina (Charge d'Affaires).

[[Page 622]]


 INDONESIA, REPUBLIC OF (Jakarta).
    Hon. Sung Y. Kim.
 IRAN.
    No Diplomatic Relations.
 IRAQ, REPUBLIC OF (Baghdad).
    Hon. Matthew Tueller.
 IRELAND (Dublin).
    Hon. Claire D. Cronin.
 ISRAEL, STATE OF (Tel Aviv).
    Thomas Nides.
 ITALY (Rome).
    Thomas Smitham (Charge d'Affaires).
 JAMAICA (Kingston).
    Linnisa Wahid (Charge d'Affaires).
 JAPAN (Tokyo).
    Raymond Greene (Charge d'Affaires).
 JORDAN, HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF (Amman).
    Hon. Henry T. Wooster.
 KAZAKHSTAN, REPUBLIC OF
    (Nur-Sultan).
    Judy Kuo (Charge d'Affaires).
 KENYA, REPUBLIC OF (Nairobi).
    Eric Kneedler (Charge d'Affaires).
 KOSOVO (Pristina).
    Sonata N. Coulter (Charge d'Affaires).
 KUWAIT, STATE OF (Kuwait City).
    Hon. Alina L. Romanowski.
 KYRGYZ REPUBLIC (Bishkek).
    Sonata N. Coulter (Charge d'Affaires).
 LAO PEOPLE'S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC (Vientiane).
    Hon. Peter M. Haymond.
 LATVIA, REPUBLIC OF (Riga).
    Hon. John Leslie Carwile.
 LEBANON, REPUBLIC OF (Beirut).
    Hon. Dorothy Shea.
 LESOTHO, KINGDOM OF (Maseru).
    Hon. Rebecca E. Gonzales.
 LIBERIA, REPUBLIC OF (Monrovia).
    Hon. Michael A. McCarthy.
 LIBYA (Tripoli).
    Hon. Richard B. Norland.
 LIECHTENSTEIN, PRINCIPALITY OF (Vaduz).
    Hon. Scott Miller (Also Ambassador to the Swiss Confederation).
 LITHUANIA, REPUBLIC OF (Vilnius).
    Hon. Robert S. Gilchrist.
 LUXEMBOURG, GRAND DUCHY OF (Luxembourg).
    Casey Mace (Charge d'Affaires).
 NORTH MACEDONIA, REPUBLIC OF (Skopje).
    Hon. Kate Marie Byrnes.
 MADAGASCAR, REPUBLIC OF (Antananarivo).
    Amy J. Hyatt (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to Union of 
    Comoros).
 MALAWI, REPUBLIC OF (Lilongwe).
    Vacant.
 MALAYSIA (Kuala Lumpur).
    Hon. Brian D. McFeeters.
 MALI, REPUBLIC OF (Bamako).
    Hon. Dennis Hankins.
 MALTA, REPUBLIC OF (Valletta).
    Vacant.
 MARSHALL ISLANDS, REPUBLIC OF THE (Majuro).
    Hon. Roxanne Cabral.
 MAURITANIA, ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF (Nouakchott).
    Hon. Cynthia A. Kierscht.
 MAURITIUS, REPUBLIC OF (Port Louis).
    Judes DeBaere (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to the Republic 
    of the Seychelles).
 MEXICO (Mexico City).
    Hon. Ken Salazar.
 MICRONESIA, FEDERATED STATES OF (Kolonia).
    Hon. Carmen G. Cantor.
 MOLDOVA, REPUBLIC OF (Chisinau).
    Laura Hruby (Charge d'Affaires).
 MONACO (Monaco).
    Brian Aggeler (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to the French 
    Republic).
 MONGOLIA (Ulaanbaatar).
    Hon. Michael S. Klecheski.
 MONTENEGRO, REPUBLIC OF (Podgorica).
    Hon. Judy Rising Reinke.
 MOROCCO, KINGDOM OF (Rabat).
    Hon. David Greene (Charge d'Affaires).
 MOZAMBIQUE, REPUBLIC OF (Maputo).
    Hon. Dennis W. Hearne.
 NAMIBIA, REPUBLIC OF (Windhoek).
    Jessica Long (Charge d'Affaires).
 NEPAL, KINGDOM OF (Kathmandu).
    Hon. Randy W. Berry.
 NETHERLANDS, KINGDOM OF THE (The Hague).
    Marja Verloop (Charge d'Affaires).
 NEW ZEALAND (Wellington).
    Hon. Tom S. Udall (Also Ambassador to the State of Samoa).
 NICARAGUA, REPUBLIC OF (Managua).
    Hon. Kevin K. Sullivan.
 NIGER, REPUBLIC OF (Niamey).
    Hon. Eric Whitaker.
 NIGERIA, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF (Abuja).
    Hon. Mary Beth Leonard.
 NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION (NATO).
    Hon. Julianne Smith.
 NORTH KOREA.
    No Diplomatic Relations.
 NORWAY (Oslo).
    Sharon Hudson-Dean (Charge d'Affaires).
 OMAN, SULTANATE OF (Muscat).
    Hon. Leslie Meredith Tsou.
 ORGANIZATION FOR SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE (OSCE).

[[Page 623]]


    Courtney Austrian (Charge d'Affaires).
 ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES (OAS).
    Bradley A. Freden (Interim Permanent Representative).
 PAKISTAN, ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF (Islamabad).
    Vacant.
 PALAU, REPUBLIC OF (Koror).
    Hon. John Hennessey-Niland.
 PANAMA, REPUBLIC OF (Panama City).
    Stewart Tuttle (Charge d'Affaires).
 PAPUA NEW GUINEA (Port Moresby).
    Hon. Erin E. McKee.
 PARAGUAY, REPUBLIC OF (Asuncion).
    Joseph E. Salazar (Charge d'Affaires).
 PERU, REPUBLIC OF (Lima).
    Hon. Lisa D. Kenna.
 PHILIPPINES, REPUBLIC OF THE (Manila).
    Heather Variava (Charge d'Affaires).
 POLAND, REPUBLIC OF (Warsaw).
    Hon. Mark Brzezinski.
 PORTUGAL, REPUBLIC OF (Lisbon).
    Vacant.
 QATAR, STATE OF (Doha).
    Natalie Baker (Charge d'Affaires).
 ROMANIA (Bucharest).
    David Muniz (Charge d'Affaires).
 RUSSIAN FEDERATION (Moscow).
    Hon. John J. Sullivan.
 RWANDA, REPUBLIC OF (Kigali).
    Hon. Peter Vrooman.
   
 SAN MARINO, REPUBLIC OF (San Marino).
    Thomas Smitham (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to the Italian 
    Republic).
 SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE, DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF (Sao Tome).
    Robert E. Whitehead (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to Gabonese 
    Republic).
 SAUDI ARABIA, KINGDOM OF (Riyadh).
    Martina Strong (Charge d'Affaires).
 SENEGAL, REPUBLIC OF (Dakar).
    Hon. Tulinabo Salama Mushingi (Also Ambassador to the Republic of 
    Guinea-Bissau).
 SERBIA (Belgrade).
    Hon. Anthony F. Godrey.
 SEYCHELLES, REPUBLIC OF (Victoria).
    Jules DeBaere (Also Ambassador to the Republic of Mauritius).
 SIERRA LEONE, REPUBLIC OF (Freetown).
    Hon. David D. Reimer.
 SINGAPORE, REPUBLIC OF (Singapore).
    Hon. Jonathan Kaplan.
 SLOVAK REPUBLIC (Bratislava).
    Hon. Bridget A. Brink.
 SLOVENIA, REPUBLIC OF (Ljubljana).
    Susan K. Falatko (Charge d'Affaires).
 SOLOMON ISLANDS (Honiara).
    Hon. Erin E. McKee (Also Ambassador to Papua New Guinea and Republic 
    of Vanuatu).
 SOMALIA.
    Colleen Crenwelge (Charge d'Affaires).
 SOUTH AFRICA, REPUBLIC OF (Pretoria).
    Todd Haskell (Charge d'Affaires).
 SOUTH KOREA.
    Christopher J. Del Corso (Charge d'Affaires).
 SOUTH SUDAN, REPUBLIC OF (Juba).
    David W. Renz (Charge d'Affaires).
 SPAIN (Madrid).
    Hon. Julissa Reynoso (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to the 
    Principality of Andorra).
 SRI LANKA, DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF (Colombo).
    Martin T. Kelly (Charge d'Affaires) (Also Ambassador to the Republic 
    of Maldives).
 SUDAN, REPUBLIC OF THE (Khartoum).
    Brian Shukan (Charge d'Affaires).
 SURINAME, REPUBLIC OF (Paramaribo).
    Hon. Karen L. Williams.
 SWEDEN (Stockholm).
    Hon. Erik Ramanathan.
 SWITZERLAND (Bern).
    Hon. Scott Miller (Also Ambassador to the Principality of 
    Liechtenstein).
 SYRIAN ARAB REPUBLIC (Damascus).
    (No relations with U.S.).
 TAJIKISTAN, REPUBLIC OF (Dushanbe).
    Hon. John Mark Pommersheim.
 TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF (Dar es Salaam).
    Hon. Don J. Wright.
 THAILAND, KINGDOM OF (Bangkok).
    Michael G. Heath (Charge d'Affaires).
 TIMOR-LESTE (Dili).
    Thomas Daley (Charge d'Affaires).
 TOGO (Lome).
    Hon. Eric Williams Stromayer.
 TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO, REPUBLIC OF (Port-of-Spain).
    Shante Moore (Charge d'Affaires).
 TUNISIA, REPUBLIC OF (Tunis).
    Hon. Donald A. Blome.
 TURKEY, REPUBLIC OF (Ankara).
    Hon. Jeffrey Flake.
 TURKMENISTAN (Ashgabat).
    Hon. Matthew Klimov.
 U.S. MISSION TO UNESCO.
    Paul Mungai (Executive Director) (acting).

[[Page 624]]


 U.S. MISSION TO THE AFRICAN UNION (AU).
    Hon. Jessica E. Lapenn.
 UGANDA, REPUBLIC OF (Kampala).
    Hon. Natalie E. Brown.
 UKRAINE (Kyiv).
    Kristina Kvien (Charge d'Affaires).
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (Abu Dhabi).
    Vacant.
 UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND (London).
    Vacant.
 UNITED NATIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL.
    Vacant.
 UNITED NATIONS IN GENEVA.
    Hon. Laura S. H. Holgate.
 UNITED NATIONS IN ROME.
    Hon. Cindy McCain.
 UNITED NATIONS IN VIENNA.
    Bathsheba Nell Crocker (Also International Atomic Energy Agency 
    (IAEA)).
 UNITED NATIONS.
    Hon. Linda Thomas-Greenfield.
 URUGUAY, ORIENTAL REPUBLIC OF (Montevideo).
    Jennifer L. Savage (Charge d'Affaires).
 UZBEKISTAN, REPUBLIC OF (Tashkent).
    Hon. Daniel N. Rosenblum.
 VANUATU, REPUBLIC OF (Port Vila).
    Hon. Erin E. McKee (Also Ambassador to Solomon Islands and Papua New 
    Guinea).
 VENEZUELA, BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF (Caracas).
    Hon. James B. Story.
 VIETNAM, SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF (Hanoi).
    Hon. Mark Knapper.
   
   
   
 YEMEN, REPUBLIC OF (Sanaa).
    Catherine J. Westley (Charge d'Affaires).
 ZAMBIA, REPUBLIC OF (Lusaka).
    David J. Young (Charge d'Affaires).
 ZIMBABWE, REPUBLIC OF (Harare).
    Thomas Hastings (Charge d'Affaires).
   
   

               UNITED STATES PERMANENT DIPLOMATIC MISSIONS

                      TO INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS

 ASSOCIATION OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN NATIONS (Jakarta).
    Rachel L. Cooke (Chief of
    Mission).
 AFRICAN UNION (Addis Ababa).
    Hon. Jessica E. Lapenn.
 NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION (Brussels).
    Hon. Julianne Smith.
 ORGANIZATION FOR ECONOMIC COOPERATION AND DEVELOPMENT (Paris).
    Hon. Jack A. Markell.
 ORGANIZATION FOR SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE (Vienna).
    Hon. Michael R. Carpenter.
 ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES (Washington, DC).
    Bradley A. Freden (Interim Permanent
    Representative).


