

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 765-768]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                           DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY

                         James Forrestal Building

            1000 Independence Avenue, SW., Washington, DC 20585

                 phone (202) 586-5000, https://energy.gov

     JENNIFER M. GRANHOLM, Secretary of Energy, was sworn in as the 16th 
Secretary of Energy on February 25, 2021, becoming just the second woman 
to lead the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). Secretary Granholm will 
lead DOE in helping America achieve President Biden's goal of net-zero 
carbon emissions by 2050 by advancing cutting-edge clean energy 
technologies, creating millions of good-paying union clean energy jobs, 
and building an equitable clean energy future. Secretary Granholm will 
also oversee DOE's core missions of promoting American leadership in 
scientific discovery, maintaining the nuclear deterrent and reducing 
nuclear danger, and remediating the environmental harms caused by legacy 
defense programs. Prior to serving as Secretary of Energy, Secretary 
Granholm was the first woman elected Governor of Michigan, serving two 
terms from 2003 to 2011. As Governor, Secretary Granholm faced economic 
downturns caused by the Great Recession and meltdown in the automotive 
and manufacturing sectors. She successfully led efforts to diversify the 
state's economy, strengthen its auto industry, preserve the 
manufacturing sector, and add emerging sectors--such as clean energy--to 
Michigan's economic portfolio. Today, one-third of all North American 
electric vehicle battery production takes place in Michigan, the state 
is one of the top five states for clean energy patents, and 126,000 
Michiganders were employed in the clean energy sector prior to COVID-19. 
Secretary Granholm was also the first woman elected Attorney General of 
Michigan and served as the state's top law enforcement officer from 1998 
to 2002. After two terms as governor, Secretary Granholm joined the 
faculty of the University of California, Berkeley, as a Distinguished 
Professor of Practice in the Goldman School of Public Policy, focusing 
on the intersection of law, clean energy, manufacturing, policy, and 
industry. She also served as an advisor to the Clean Energy Program of 
the Pew Charitable Trusts. Secretary Granholm began her career in public 
service as a judicial clerk for Michigan's 6th Circuit Court of Appeals. 
She became a federal prosecutor in Detroit in 1990, and in 1994, she was 
appointed Wayne County Corporation Counsel. Secretary Granholm, an 
immigrant from Canada, is an honors graduate of both the University of 
California, Berkeley, and Harvard Law School. She and her husband, 
Daniel G. Mulhern, have three children.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

 Secretary of Energy.--Jennifer Granholm (202) 586-5000.
     Deputy Secretary.--David Turk, 586-5500.
     Chief of Staff.--Christopher Davis, 586-4004.
     Inspector General.--Teri Donaldson, 586-0034.
     Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovernmental 
        Affairs.--Ali Nouri.
     Assistant Secretary for International Affairs.--Andrew Light.
     General Counsel.--Samuel Walsh.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Christopher Johns (acting), 586-4171.
     Chief Human Capital Officer.--Erin Moore, 586-2666.
     Chief Information Officer.--Ann Dunkin, 586-0166.
     Director, Office of:
          Economic Impact and Diversity.--Ann Augustyn (acting), 586-
            8383.
          Enterprise Assessments.--John Dupuy, 586-4360.
          Hearings and Appeals.--Poli Marmolejos, 287-1566.
          Intelligence and Counterintelligence.--Steve Black, 586-1352.
          Management.--Ingrid Kolb, 586-2550.
          Policy.--Carla Frisch (acting).
          Project Management.--Paul Bosco, 341-4522.
          Public Affairs.--David Mayorga, 586-1760.
          Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.--Ron Pierce, 
            586-9259.

[[Page 766]]

     Administrator for Energy Information Administration.--Joseph 
        DeCarolis, 586-4361.
     Director, Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy.--Jennifer Gerbi 
        (acting), 586-8321.
     Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management.--Vacant.
     Director, Office of Environment, Health, Safety and Security.--
        Matthew Moury, 586-1285.
     Legacy Management.--Carmelo Melendez, 586-4882.
     Director and Chief Commercialization Officer, Technology 
        Transitions.--Vanessa Chan, 586-2000.

                    UNDER SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUCTURE

 Under Secretary for Infrastructure.--Vacant.
     Principal Deputy Under Secretary.--Kathleen Hogan.
     Power Marketing Administrations:
          Administrator, Bonneville Power Administration.--John Hairston 
            (503) 230-5262.
          Administrator, Southeastern Power Administration.--Virgil 
            Hobbs III (706) 213-3838.
          Administrator, Southwestern Power Administration.--Mike Wech 
            (417) 891-2626.
          Administrator, Western Power Administration.--Tracey LeBeau 
            (720) 962-7705.
     Director, Office of:
          Clean Energy Demonstrations.--Kelly Cummins (acting).
          Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response.--Puesh 
            Kumar (202) 287-1849.
          Federal Energy Management Programs.--Vacant.
          Grid Deployment Office.--Patricia A. Hoffman (acting) (202) 
            586-6074.
          Indian Energy Policy and Programs.--Wahleah Johns, 287-6566.
          Loan Programs.--Jigar Shah, 586-7707.
          Manufacturing & Energy Supply Chains.--David Howell (acting).

                UNDER SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE AND INNOVATION

 Under Secretary for Science and Innovation.--Geraldine Richmond (202) 
    586-0505.
     Assistant Secretary for:
          Electricity.--Vacant.
          Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.--Vacant.
          Fossil Energy and Carbon Management.--Brad Crabtree, 586-6660.
          Nuclear Energy.--Kathryn Huff, 586-6630.
     Director, Office of:
          Arctic Energy.--George Roe (acting), 441-6522.
          Artificial Intelligence and Technology.--Pamela Isom, 586-
            1800.
          Science.--Asmeret Berhe, 287-5102.

                 NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 Administrator for National Nuclear Security Administration / Under 
    Secretary for Nuclear Security.--Jill Hruby (202) 586-5555.
     Principal Deputy Administrator.--Frank Rose, 586-5555.
     Associate Principal Deputy Administrator.--James McConnell, 586-
        5555.
     NNSA Chief of Staff.--Douglas Fremont, 586-5555.
     Deputy Administrator for--
          Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation.--Corey Hinderstein, 586-
            0645.
          Defense Programs.--Marvin Adams, 586-1877.
          Naval Reactors.--ADM James Caldwell, USN, 781-6174.
     Associate Administrator for--
          Acquisition and Project Management.--Robert Raines, 586-5627.
          Congressional & Intergovernmental Affairs.--Jason Miller 
            (acting), 586-7332.
          Counterterrorism and Counterproliferation.--Jay A. Tilden, 
            586-1734.
          Defense Nuclear Security.--Jeffrey Johnson, 586-8900.
          Emergency Operations.--John Juskie, 586-9892.
          Information Management.--James Wolff, 586-9728.
          Management and Budget.--Frank Lowery, 586-0101.
          Safety, Infrastructure, and Operations.--Kenneth Sheely 
            (acting), 586-4096.
     Office of the General Counsel.--Timothy Fischer, 586-7161.
     Office of Public Affairs.--Gordon Trowbridge, 586-7332.


[[Page 767]]



                        MAJOR FIELD ORGANIZATIONS

                                      

                            OPERATIONS OFFICES

 Managers:

     Golden Field Office (EERE).--Derek Passarelli (240) 562-1742.
     Richland (EM).--Brian Vance (509) 302-3228.
     Office of River Protection (ORP).--Brian Vance (509) 302-3228.
     Savannah River (EM).--Michael Budney (803) 952-7243.
     Carlsbad Field Office (EM).--Reinhard Knerr (575) 234-7300.
     Los Alamos (EM).--Michael Mikolanis (505) 412-8936.
     Oak Ridge Office (EM).--Laura Wilkerson (acting) (865) 576-9900.
     Portsmouth and Paducah Project Office (EM).--Joel Bradburne (859) 
        219-4001.
     Idaho (NE).--Robert Boston (208) 526-7300.
     Ames Office (SC).--Samuel Bigger (515) 294-8037.
     Argonne Office (SC).--Joanna Livengood (630) 252-2366.
     Fermi (SC).--Roger Snyder (acting) (630) 840-8448.
     Bay Area (Berkeley & SLAC) (SC).--Paul Golan (650) 926-3208.
     Princeton (SC).--Sandra Rogan (609) 243-3705.
     Pacific Northwest (SC).--Ted Pietrok (509) 372-4900.
     Thomas Jefferson (SC).--Joseph Arango (757) 269-5094.
     Brookhaven (SC).--Robert Gordon (631) 344-3346.
     Oak Ridge National Laboratory Site Office (SC).--Johnny Moore (865) 
        576-3536.
     Naval Reactors Naval Nuclear Laboratory (NNSA).--Matthew Brott 
        (518) 395-4690.
     Kansas City (NNSA).--Jeff Shoulta (816) 488-3342.
     Livermore (NNSA).--Peter Rodrik (925) 422-6265.
     Los Alamos (NNSA).--Ted Wyka (505) 665-5105.
     Nevada (NNSA).--David Bowman (702) 295-3211.
     NNSA Production Office (NNSA).--Teresa Robbins (505) 845-4392.
     Sandia (NNSA).--Daryl Hauck (505) 845-6036.
     Savannah River (NNSA).--Jason Armstrong (803) 208-3689.

                  INTEGRATED SUPPORT / BUSINESS CENTERS

 Managers:

     EM Consolidated Business Center.--John Zimmerman (513) 246-1050.
     SC Consolidated Service Center.--Kenneth Tarcza (865) 576-4444.

                  NATIONAL ENERGY TECHNOLOGY LABORATORY

 Director, National Energy Technology Laboratory.--Brian Anderson (304) 
    285-2043.

                STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE PROJECT OFFICE

 Project Manager.--Paul Oosterling (504) 734-4339.

                   FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

                888 First Street, NE., Washington, DC 20426

 Chair.--Richard Glick (202) 502-8000.
     Commissioners: Allison Clements, 573-2699; Mark C. Christie, 502-
        8100; James Danly, 502-6477; Willie L. Phillips.
     Chief Administrative Law Judge.--Carmen A. Cintron, 502-8500.
     Executive Director.--Anton C. Porter, 502-8300.
     General Counsel.--David L. Morenoff, 502-6000.
     Secretary, Office of the Secretary.--Kimberly Bose, 502-8400.
     Director, Office of:
          Administrative Litigation.--John Kroeger, 502-6100.
          Electric Reliability.--David Ortiz (acting), 502-8600.
          Energy Infrastructure Security.--Joseph McClelland, 502-8867.

[[Page 768]]

          Energy Market Regulation.--Jette Gebhart, 502-6700.
          Energy Policy and Innovation.--Jignasa Gadani, 502-8850.
          Energy Projects.--Terry Turpin, 502-8700.
          Enforcement.--Janel Burdick, 502-8100.
          External Affairs.--Sarah Venuto, 502-8004.


