

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 779-785]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                     DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY

       2707 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 20528

                           phone (202) 282-8000

     ALEJANDRO N. MAYORKAS was sworn in as Secretary of the Department 
of Homeland Security by President Joseph R. Biden on February 2, 2021.
     Mayorkas is the first Latino and immigrant confirmed to serve as 
Secretary of Homeland Security. He has led a distinguished 30-year 
career as a law enforcement official and a nationally-recognized lawyer 
in the private sector. Mayorkas served as the Deputy Secretary of the 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security from 2013 to 2016, and as the 
Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services from 2009 to 2013. 
During his tenure at DHS, he led the development and implementation of 
DACA, negotiated cybersecurity and homeland security agreements with 
foreign governments, led the Department's response to Ebola and Zika, 
helped build and administer the Blue Campaign to combat human 
trafficking, and developed an emergency relief program for orphaned 
youth following the tragic January 2010 earthquake in Haiti. Mayorkas 
also created the Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate to 
better ensure the integrity of the legal immigration system.
     Mayorkas began his government service in the Department of Justice, 
where he served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Central 
District of California, specializing in the prosecution of white collar 
crime. After nearly nine years as a federal prosecutor, he became the 
youngest United States Attorney in the nation, overseeing prosecutions 
of national significance, including the investigation and prosecution of 
financial fraud, violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, public 
corruption, violent crime, cybercrime, environmental crime, 
international money laundering, and securities fraud.
     Mayorkas received his bachelor's degree with distinction from the 
University of California at Berkeley and a law degree from Loyola Law 
School.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

 Secretary of Homeland Security.--Alejandro N. Mayorkas.
     Deputy Secretary.--John K. Tien.
     Chief of Staff.--Jennifer Higgins (acting).
     U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services / Ombudsman.--Phyllis 
        Coven.

                     CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL LIBERTIES

              phone (202) 401-1474, toll free 1-866-644-8360

 Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties.--Katherine Culliton-
    Gonzalez.

                          EXECUTIVE SECRETARIAT

                           phone (202) 282-8221

 Executive Secretary.--Dr. Kimberly O'Connor.

                      OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL

                           phone (202) 282-9256

 General Counsel.--Jennifer Daskal (acting).

              OFFICE OF THE IMMIGRATION DETENTION OMBUDSMAN

                           phone (202) 282-8036

 Ombudsman.--David Gersten (acting).

[[Page 780]]

     Chief of Staff.--John Hill (acting).
     Director of External Relations.--Allison Posner.

                       OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

                           phone (202) 254-4100

 Inspector General.--Joseph V. Cuffari.
     Principal Deputy Inspector General.--Glenn Sklar.
     Chief of Staff.--Kristen Fredricks.

                   OFFICE OF INTELLIGENCE AND ANALYSIS

                           phone (202) 282-9690

 Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis.--Kenneth L. Wainstein.
     Chief of Staff.--Adam Luke (acting).
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Adam Luke.
     Deputy Under Secretary for Intelligence Enterprise Operations.--
        Stephanie Dobitsch.
     Deputy Under Secretary for Intelligence Enterprise Readiness.--
        Melissa Smislova.

                   OFFICE OF PARTNERSHIP AND ENGAGEMENT

                           phone (202) 282-9310

 Assistant Secretary.--Eva A. Millona.

                      OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

                           phone (202) 447-5890

 Assistant Secretary.--Alice Lugo.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Harlan Geer (Senate), Alexandra 
        Carnes (House).
     Chief of Staff.--Chloe Himmel.

                        MILITARY ADVISOR'S OFFICE

                           phone (202) 282-8245

 Military Advisor.--Rear Admiral Michael H. Day.

                              PRIVACY OFFICE

                           phone (202) 343-1717

 Chief Privacy Officer / Chief Freedom of Information Act Officer.--Lynn 
    Parker Dupree.

                         OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

                           phone (202) 282-8010

 Assistant Secretary.--Marsha L. Espinosa.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Media Operations.--Meira Bernstein.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary, Strategic Communications.--Heather 
        Fluit.

             CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY

                           phone (703) 235-2080

 Director.--Jen Easterly.
     Deputy Director.--Nitin Natarajan.
     Chief of Staff.--Kiersten Todt.
     Executive Assistant Director for--
          Cybersecurity.--Eric Goldstein.
          Emergency Communication.--Billy Bob Brown, Jr.

[[Page 781]]

          Infrastructure Security.--David Mussington.
     Assistant Director for--
          Integrated Operations.--Laura Delaney (acting).
          National Risk Management Center.--Robert Kolasky.
          Stakeholder Engagement.--Alaina Clark.

                    SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE

                           phone (202) 282-8000

 Under Secretary.--Dmitri Kusnezov.
     Deputy Under Secretary.--Catherine C. Cross (senior official 
        performing the duties of the Deputy Under Secretary).
     Chief of Staff.--Julie Brewer (senior official performing the 
        duties of the Chief of Staff).
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Gail Miller.
     Director of:
          Finance and Budget.--Ronnyka Fitzpatrick.
          Director, Office of Science & Engineering.--Dan Cotter.

                          MANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE

                           phone (202) 447-3400

 Under Secretary.--Vacant.
     Deputy Under Secretary.--R. D. Alles.
     Chief of Staff.--Janene Corrado.
     Chief:
          Human Capital Officer.--Angela Bailey.
          Information Officer.--Eric Hysen.
          Procurement Officer.--Paul Courtney.
          Readiness Support Officer.--Tom Chaleki.
          Security Officer.--Rich McComb.
     Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Stacy Marcott.
     Executive Director:
          Federal Protective Service.--L. Eric Patterson.
          Office of Biometric Identity Management.--Shonnie Lyons.
          Office of Program Accountability and Risk Management.--Debra 
            Cox.

                             OFFICE OF POLICY

                           phone (202) 282-9708

 Under Secretary, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.--Robert 
    Silvers.
     Deputy Under Secretary.--Kelli Ann Burriesci.
     Chief of Staff, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.--Joel T. 
        Meyer.
     Assistant Secretary, International Affairs.--Serena Hoy.
          Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, International Affairs.--
            Robert Paschall.
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Western Hemisphere.--David Cloe.
     Assistant Secretary, Counterterrorism and Threat Prevention 
        Policy.--Samantha Vinograd (acting).
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Counterterrorism and Threat 
            Prevention Policy.--Kevin Saupp (acting).
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Screening and Vetting Policy.--
            Todd Seidl (acting).
     Assistant Secretary, Border and Immigration Policy.--David 
        Shahoulian.
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Immigration Policy.--Adam Hunter.
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Immigration Statistics.--Marc 
            Rosenblum.
     Assistant Secretary, Cyber Policy.--Thomas McDermott (acting).
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Cyber Policy.--Thomas McDermott.
     Assistant Secretary, Trade and Economic Security Policy.--Bridget 
        McGovern.
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Economic Security.--Amy Strauss 
            (acting).
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Strategic Integration and Policy 
            Planning.--Drew Kuepper.
          Deputy Assistant Secretary, Trade.--Eric Choy (acting).


[[Page 782]]



                FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY (FEMA)

       500 C Street, SW., Washington, DC 20472, phone (202) 646-2500

 Administrator.--Deanne Criswell.
     Deputy Administrator.--Nancy Dragani, SOPDO.
     Chief of Staff.--Michael A. Coen, Jr.
     Senior Law Enforcement Advisor to the Administrator.--Roberto L. 
        Hylton.
     Director, Office of:
          Center of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships.--Marcus 
            Coleman.
          Congressional Affairs Division.--Charles Shaw.
          Intergovernmental Affairs Division.--Sarah Montell.
          Disability Integration and Coordination.--Linda Mastandrea.
          Equal Rights.--Jo Linda Johnson.
          Executive Secretariat.--Nicole Dyson.
          External Affairs.--Justin Knighten.
          National Advisory Council.--Robert Long (acting).
          National Capital Region Coordination.--Kim Kadesch.
          Regional Operations.--Elizabeth Edge.
     Chief Counsel.--Adrian Sevier.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Mary Comans.
     Associate Administrator for Policy, Program Analysis and 
        International Affairs.--Cynthia Spishak.
     Deputy Administrator, Protection and National Preparedness.--Alex 
        Amparo, SOPDO.
     Assistant Administrators:
          Grant Programs.--Christopher Logan (acting).
          National Continuity Programs.--Michael S. George.
          National Preparedness.--Tony Russell (acting).
     Administrator, U.S. Fire Administration.--Tonya Hoover (acting).
     Deputy Associate Administrator, Mission Support.--Traci L. Clever.
     Chiefs, Mission Support:
          Administrative Officer.--Tracey Showman.
          Component Human Capital Officer.--Paige Hinkle-Bowles.
          Information Officer.--Lytwaive Hutchinson.
          Procurement Officer.--Bobby McCane.
          Security Officer.--Tami Franklin.
     Associate Administrator, Response and Recovery.--David Bibo 
        (acting).
     Deputy Associate Administrator, Response and Recovery.--David Bibo.
     Assistant Administrators:
          Field Operations.--John Rabin.
          Logistics.--Carla Gammon (acting).
          Recovery.--Keith Turi.
          Response.--Damon Penn.
     Deputy Associate Administrator for Insurance and Mitigation, 
        Federal Insurance and Mitigation Administration.--David 
        Maurstad.

           COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE (CWMD)

                           phone (202) 254-8866

 Assistant Secretary.--Gary Rasicot (acting).
     Chief Medical Officer.--Pritesh Gandhi.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Charles Cook.
     Chief of Staff.--Anthony Antognoli.

               TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (TSA)

           6595 Springfield Center Drive, Springfield, VA 20598

 Administrator / Assistant Secretary.--David P. Pekoske.
     Deputy Administrator.--Stacey Fitzmaurice (senior official 
        performing the duties of the Deputy Administrator).
     Chief of Staff.--Holly Canevari.


[[Page 783]]



             UNITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION (CBP)

            1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20229

 Commissioner.--Troy A. Miller (acting), (202) 344-2001.
     Deputy Commissioner.--Benjamine ``Carry'' Huffman, 344-2001.
     Chief of Staff.--Lise Clavel, 344-2001.
     Deputy Chiefs of Staff.--Daniel Herman, Remy Krumpak, Steve Schorr, 
        344-2001.
     Chief Counsel.--Scott Falk, 344-2940.
     Executive Assistant Commissioner of:
          Air and Marine.--Stephen A. Boyer, 344-3950.
          Enterprise Services.--Samuel Grable (acting), 344-2300.
          Field Operations.--William Ferrara, 344-1620.
          Operations Support.--Mark Koumans (acting), 344-2230.
          Trade.--AnnMarie Highsmith, 325-6000.
     Chief, United States Border Patrol.--Raul Ortiz, 344-3177.
     Assistant Commissioner of:
          Congressional Affairs.--Stephanie Talton (acting), 344-1760.
          International Affairs.--Debbie Seguin, 344-3000.
          Professional Responsibility.--Matthew Klein, 344-1800.
          Public Affairs.--Luis Miranda, 344-1137.
     Executive Director, Office of:
          Intergovernmental Public Liaison.--Tim Quinn, 325-0871.
          Policy.--Ashley Feasley, 344-2700.
          Privacy and Diversity.--Rebekah A. Salazar, 344-1610.
          Trade Relations.--Valarie M. Neuhart (acting), 344-1440.
     Director, Executive Secretariat.--Wayne Winterling, 344-1684.

          UNITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT (ICE)

                500 12th Street, SW., Washington, DC 20536

 Director.--Tae D. Johnson (acting), (202) 732-3000.
     Deputy Director.--Patrick J. Lechleitner (acting), 732-3000.
     Assistant Director of:
          Congressional Relations.--Jonathon Bertran-Harris, 732-4200.
          Professional Responsibility.--Waldemar Rodriguez, 732-8339.
          Public Affairs.--Jenny Burke, 732-4251.
          Partnership and Engagement.--Francey Youngberg, 380-6191.
     Assistant Director, Office of Diversity and Civil Rights.--Scott F. 
        Lanum, 270-2628.
     Principal Legal Advisor.--John D. Trasvina, 732-4001.
     Executive Secretariat.--Corey Mayberry, 732-4307.
     Executive Associate Director, Enforcement and Removal Operations.--
        Corey A. Price, 732-3100.
          Deputy Executive Associate Director, Enforcement and Removal 
            Operations.--Peter Berg (acting), 732-3100.
     Assistant Director of:
          Custody Management.--Monica Burke (acting), 732-3100.
          Enforcement.--Russell Hott (acting), 732-3110.
          Field Operations.--Michael Meade (acting), 732-3110.
          ICE Health Service Corps.--Dr. Steward D. Smith, 732-3100.
          Law Enforcement Systems and Analysis.--Marc Rapp, 732-3100.
          Non-Detained Management.--Mellissa Harper (acting), 732-3100.
          Operations Support.--Jacki B. Klopp, 732-3100.
          Removal.--Diane Witte (acting), 732-3100.
     Executive Associate Director, Homeland Security Investigations.--
        Patrick Lechleitner, 732-5110.
          Deputy Executive Associate Director, Homeland Security 
            Investigations.--Steve Francis, 732-5100.
     Assistant Director for--
          Domestic Operations.--Kevin Kelly, 732-5100.
          Intelligence.--Peter J. Hatch, 732-3101.
          International Affairs.--Patrick McElwain, 732-5100.
          Mission Support.--Jennifer Cleary, 732-5100.
          National Security Investigations Division.--Andre Watson, 732-
            5100.
          Programs.--John Eisert, 732-5100.
     Executive Associate Director, Management and Administration.--Staci 
        Barrera, 732-5500.

[[Page 784]]

          Deputy Executive Associate Director, Management and 
            Administration.--Max Aguilar, 732-5500.
     Director, Acquisition Management.--Albert Dainton, 732-5500.
     Director, Chief Financial Officer.--Stephen Roncone, 732-5500.
     Assistant Director, Office of:
          Firearms and Tactical Programs.--Patrick M. Hudgens, 732-3006.
          Leadership and Career Development.--Tracy Siler, 732-5500.
          Information Governance and Privacy Officer.--Kenneth Clark, 
            732-5500.
          Investment and Program Accountability.--Christopher C. Moman, 
            732-5500.
     Deputy Assistant Director, Office of Policy and Planning.--
        Christopher S. Kelly, 732-5851.
     Chief Information Officer.--Rachelle B. Henderson, 732-5500.
     Human Capital Officer.--Susan Cullen-Dunbar, 732-5500.
     Freedom of Information Act Officer.--Fernando Pineiro, (866) 633-
        1182.
     Principal Policy Advisor, Office of Policy and Planning.--Deborah 
        Fleischaker.

                 FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS

                1131 Chapel Crossing Road, Glynco, GA 31524

 Director.--Thomas J. Walters, (912) 267-2070.
     Deputy Director.--William Fallon, 267-2070.
     Chief of Staff.--Jennifer Tocco, 267-2070.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--David Christy, 267-2070.
     Associate Director for Training Operations.--Richard Deasy, 267-
        2934.
     Assistant Director for--
          Core Training Operations Directorate.--Manfred Harpole, 267-
            2886.
          Mission Readiness and Support Directorate.--Bryan Lemons, 267-
            2231.
          National Capital Region Training Operations Directorate.--
            Matthew Hanna, (202) 233-0260.
          Training Management Operations Directorate.--Ariana Roddini, 
            (912) 267-3373.
          Technical Training Operations Directorate.--Kai Munshi, 267-
            2040.
     Assistant Director / Chief Financial Officer.--Donald R. Lewis, 
        261-3731.
     Assistant Director / Chief Information Officer.--Michael L. Vesta, 
        267-2849.
     Assistant Director / Chief Counsel.--Michael Bunker, 554-4487.
     Chief for--
          Office of Public Affairs.--Henry Rolon, 267-2447.
          Office of Security and Professional Responsibility.--David 
            Emond, 267-3481.
     Senior Legislative Affairs Advisor.--Anthony Acocella, (202) 233-
        0263.

            UNITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES

          5900 Capital Gateway Drive, Camp Springs, MD 20588-0009

                           phone (240) 721-3801

 Director.--Ur Jaddou.
     Deputy Director.--Tracy Renaud (acting).
     Chief of Staff.--Felicia Escobar Carrillo.
     Chief Information Officer.--Bill McElhaney.
     Associate Director for--
          Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate.--Matthew 
            Emrich.
          Refugee, Asylum and International Operations Directorate.--
            Jennifer Higgins.
          Service Center Operations Directorate.--Connie Nolan (acting).
     Chief, Office of:
          Administration.--Erik Anderson.
          Administrative Appeals.--Susan Dibbins.
          Chief Counsel.--A. Ashley Tabaddor.
          Chief Financial Officer.--Kika Scott.
          External Affairs Directorate.--Carrie Selby (acting). 
            (Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, Public Affairs, 
            and Citizenship and Applicant Information Services fall 
            under this directorate.)
          Policy and Strategy.--Amanda Baran.


[[Page 785]]



                         UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

       2703 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 20593

                           phone (202) 372-4400

 Commandant.--ADM Karl Schultz.
     Vice Commandant.--ADM Linda L. Fagan.
     Deputy Commandant for--
          Mission Support.--VADM Paul F. Thomas.
          Operations.--VADM Scott A. Buschman.
     Chief Administrative Law Judge.--Hon. Walter J. Brudzinski.
     Judge Advocate General / Chief Counsel.--RADM Melissa L. Bert.
          Deputy Judge Advocate General / Deputy Chief Counsel.--Calvin 
            Lederer.
     Director of Governmental and Public Affairs.--RADM Megan Dean.
     Senior Military Advisor to the Secretary of Homeland Security.--
        RDML Michael H. Day.

                       UNITED STATES SECRET SERVICE

         245 Murray Drive, SW., Building T-5, Washington, DC 20223

 Director.--James M. Murray.
     Deputy Director.--Faron K. Paramore.
     Special Agent in Charge, Congressional Affairs Program.--Benjamin 
        P. Kramer (202) 406-5676, fax 406-5740.


