

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 633-640]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

                    The Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301

                           phone (703) 545-6700

     LLOYD JAMES AUSTIN III was sworn in as the 28th Secretary of 
Defense on January 22, 2021. Mr. Austin is the principal assistant to 
the President in all matters relating to the Department of Defense and 
serves on the National Security Council.
     Mr. Austin was born in Mobile, Alabama, and raised in Thomasville, 
Georgia. He graduated from the United States Military Academy with a 
Bachelor of Science degree and a commission in the Infantry. He holds a 
Master of Arts degree in counselor education from Auburn University, and 
a Master of Business Management from Webster University. He is a 
graduate of the Infantry Officer Basic and Advanced courses, the Army 
Command and General Staff College, and the Army War College.
     His 41-year career in the Army included command at the corps, 
division, battalion, and brigade levels. Mr. Austin was awarded the 
Silver Star for his leadership of the Army's 3rd Infantry Division 
during the invasion of Iraq in 2003. Seven years later, he would assume 
the duties of Commanding General of United States Forces--Iraq, 
overseeing all combat operations in the country.
     After a tour as the Army's Vice Chief of Staff, Mr. Austin 
concluded his uniformed service as the Commander of U.S. Central 
Command, responsible for all military operations in the Middle East and 
Afghanistan. In this assignment, he led U.S. and coalition efforts to 
battle ISIS in Iraq and Syria. He retired from the Army in April, 2016.
     Since his retirement from military service, Mr. Austin served on 
the Boards of Directors for Raytheon Technologies, Nucor, and Tenet 
Healthcare.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

       1000 Defense Pentagon, Room 3E880, Washington, DC 20301-1000

                 phone (703) 692-7100, fax (703) 571-8951

 Secretary of Defense.--Hon. Lloyd J. Austin III.

                      OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY SECRETARY

       1010 Defense Pentagon, Room 3E944, Washington, DC 20301-1010

                           phone (703) 692-7150

 Deputy Secretary of Defense.--Hon. Kathleen Hicks.

                           EXECUTIVE SECRETARIAT

       1000 Defense Pentagon, Room 3E880, Washington, DC 20301-1000

                    phone (703) 692-7120, fax 571-8951

 Executive Secretary.--Kelly Bulliner Holly.

                              GENERAL COUNSEL

              Pentagon, Room 3E788, Washington, DC 20301-1600

                    phone (703) 695-3341, fax 693-7278

 General Counsel.--Hon. Caroline Krass.
     Principal Deputy.--Corlin Stone.


[[Page 634]]



                      OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION

             Pentagon, Room 3E1088, Washington, DC 20301-1700

                    phone (703) 697-3655, fax 614-9103

 Director.--Hon. Nickolas Guertin.

                             INSPECTOR GENERAL

             4800 Mark Center Drive, Alexandria, VA 22350-1500

                           phone (703) 604-8300

        DoD Hotline (800) 424-9098, DoD Hotline fax (703) 604-8567

 Inspector General.--Sean O'Donnell (acting).
     Principal Deputy Inspector General (acting) and Chief of Staff.--
        Steven A. Stebbins.
     Deputy Inspector General for--
          Administrative Investigations.--Marguerite C. Garrison.
          Audit.--Jacqueline L. Wicecarver.
          Evaluations.--Michael J. Roark.
          Investigations.--Kelly Mayo.
          Overseas Contingency Operations.--James Ives.
     General Counsel to the Inspector General.--Paul Hadjiyane.
     Assistant Inspector General for Legislative Affairs and 
        Communications.--Michael C. Zola.
     Director, DoD Hotline.--Patrick W. Gookin.

        UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION AND SUSTAINMENT

                Pentagon, Room 3E1010, Washington, DC 20301

                           phone (703) 697-7021

 Under Secretary.--Dr. William A. LaPlante.
     Deputy Under Secretary.--Paul Cramer (PTDO).
     Assistant Secretary for--
          Acquisition.--Tanya M. Skeen.
          Energy, Installations, and Environment.--Paul Cramer (PTDO).
          Industrial Policy.--Hon. Deborah G. Rosenblum.
          Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs.--Hon. 
            Deborah G. Rosenblum.
          Sustainment.--Hon. Christopher J. Lowman.

                   JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM OFFICE

        200 12th Street South, Suite 600, Arlington, VA 22202-5402

                           phone (703) 602-7640

 Program Executive Officer.--Lt. Gen. Eric T. Fick, USAF.

               UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMPTROLLER) AND

                          CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

              Pentagon, Room 3E770, Washington, DC 20301-1100

                           phone (703) 695-3237

 Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and Chief Financial Officer.--
    Hon. Michael McCord.
     Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller).--Hon. Kathleen 
        Miller.

          UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READINESS

              Pentagon, Room 3E986, Washington, DC 20301-4000

                           phone (703) 697-2121

 Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.--Hon. Gilbert 
    Cisneros.
     Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.--
        Hon. Ashish S. Vazirani, 697-2121.

[[Page 635]]

     Assistant Secretary of Defense for--
          Health Affairs.--Seileen Mullen (acting), 697-2111.
          Manpower and Reserve Affairs.--Thomas A. Constable (PTDO), 
            614-3240.
          Readiness.--Hon. Shawn G. Skelly (acting), 693-0466.

                   UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR POLICY

              Pentagon, Room 3E806, Washington, DC 20301-2000

                           phone (703) 697-7200

 Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.--Hon. Dr. Colin Kahl.
     Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.--Hon. Alexandra 
        Baker.
     Assistant Secretary of Defense for--
          Homeland Defense and Global Security.--Hon. Melissa Dalton.
          Indo-Pacific Security Affairs.--Hon. Ely Ratner.
          International Security Affairs.--Hon. Celeste Wallander.
          Special Operations / Low-Intensity Conflict.--Hon. Christopher 
            Maier.
          Space Policy.--Hon. John Plumb.
          Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities.--Hon. Mara Karlin.

         DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER (DoD CIO)

             Pentagon, Room 3E1030, Washington, DC 20301-6000

                           phone (703) 695-0348

 Department of Defense Chief Information Officer.--John Sherman.
     Principal Deputy Department of Defense Chief Information Officer.--
        Kelly Fletcher (acting).

          ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS

              Pentagon, Room 3E970, Washington, DC 20301-1300

                    phone (703) 697-6210, fax 695-5860

 Assistant Secretary.--Thomas J. Mancinelli (acting).
     Principal Deputy.--Matthew R. Williams (performing the duties of 
        Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative 
        Affairs).
     Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Senate Affairs.--Matthew 
        R. Williams.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for House Affairs.--Brent 
        Woolfork.

               ASSISTANT TO THE SECRETARY FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS

              Pentagon, Room 2E964, Washington, DC 20301-1400

       phone (703) 697-9312, fax 695-4299, public inquiries 571-3343

 Assistant to the Secretary.--John Kirby.
     Principal Deputy Assistant to the Secretary.--Elizaebth Trudeau 
        (PTDO).

                 DIRECTOR OF ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT

              Pentagon, Room 3E146, Washington, DC 20301-9010

                    phone (703) 614-7136, fax 695-5395

 Chief Management Officer.--Hon. Micahel B. Donley.

                  DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FIELD ACTIVITIES

                          DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY

            6700 Taylor Avenue, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755

                  phone (301) 222-6000, https://dma.mil/

 Director.--Hal Pittman.
     Deputy Director.--Gene Brink (acting).


[[Page 636]]



                 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY

             4800 Mark Center Drive, Arlington, VA 22350-1400

                     School Information (571) 372-0590

 Director.--Thomas M. Brady, 372-0590.
     Chief Academic Officer.--Beth Schiavino-Narvaez, 372-1893.
     Chief of Staff.--Jay M. Burcham, 372-5820.

              DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY

     4800 Mark Center Drive, Suite 06J25-01, Alexandria, VA 22350-4000

 Director.--William Booth.
     Deputy Director.--Jeffrey Register.
     Executive Officer.--David O'Connor.

               OFFICE OF LOCAL DEFENSE COMMUNITY COOPERATION

            2231 Crystal Drive, Suite 520, Arlington, VA 22202

                           phone (703) 697-2130

 Director.--Patrick J. O'Brien, 697-2123.
     Deputy Director for--
          Compliance.--Michael Wilson, 697-2188.
          Community Investment.--Dan Glasson, 697-2162.
          Operations.--Doug Brown, 697-2015.

                     WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES

                      Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301

                           phone (703) 693-7995

 Director.--Regina Meiners.
     Deputy Director.--Vacant.
     Director for--
          Acquisition Directorate.--David D. Sanders, 545-0423.
          Executive Services Directorate.--Darren L. Irvine, 693-7698.
          Facilities Services Directorate.--Paul G. McMahon, 697-7241.
          Financial Management Directorate.--Jae W. Lee, 545-0018.
          History and Library.--Dr. Erin Mahan, 697-5046.
          Human Resources Directorate.--Christine Nalli (703) 692-9285.
          Plans and Programs Office.--Rayford D. Nichols, 545-1001.
          Raven Rock Mountain Complex.--COL Jeffrey Lesperance, (717) 
            878-2771.
          Small Business Programs.--Jonathan Becker (acting), 545-1144.
          WHS General Counsel.--Karen Hughto, 693-7374.

                          JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF

                            OFFICE OF THE CHAIR

              Pentagon, Room 2E872, Washington, DC 20318-9999

                           phone (703) 697-9121

 Chair.--GEN Mark A. Milley, USA.
     Vice Chair.--ADM Christopher W. Grady, USN, Room 2E868, 314-8949.
     Assistant to the Chair, Joint Chiefs of Staff.--VADM Colin J 
            Kilrain, USN, Room 2E858, 697-6485.

                               JOINT STAFF

 Director.--LTG Andrew Poppas USA, Room 2E936, 614-5221.
     Vice Director.--RADM George Wickoff, USN, Room 2E936, 614-5221.
     Director for--
          Command, Control, Communications, and Computer / Cyber, J-6.--
            Lt. Gen. Dennis A. Crall, USMC, Room 2E939, 695-1372.

[[Page 637]]

          Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment, J-8.--VADM Ronald 
            A. Boxall, USN, Room 2E838, 697-6605.
          Intelligence, J-2.--RADM Frank D. Whitworth, USN, Room 2D877, 
            697-9773.
          Joint Force Development, J-7.--VADM Stuart B. Munsch, USN, 
            Room 2D864, 697-9031.
          Logistics, J-4.--Lt. Gen. Sam C Barrett, USAF, Room 2D867, 
            697-7000.
          Manpower and Personnel, J-1.--Maj. Gen. Lenny J. Richoux, 
            USAF, Room 2D857, 697-9644.
          Operations, J-3.--LTG James J. Mingus, USA, Room 2D882, 614-
            6173.
          Strategic Plans and Policy, J-5.--VADM Lisa M. Franchetti, 
            USN, Room 2E800, 697-9716.

                             DEFENSE AGENCIES

                          MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY

               5700 18th Street, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5573

 Director.--RADM Jon A. Hill, USN (571) 231-8006.
     Executive Director.--Laura DiSimone (571) 231-8041.

                 DEFENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY

              675 North Randolph Street, Arlington, VA 22203

 Director.--Dr. Stefanie Tompkins (703) 696-2400.
     Deputy Director.--Dr. Peter Highnam, 248-1540.

                         DEFENSE COMMISSARY AGENCY

                  1300 E Avenue, Fort Lee, VA 23801-1800

                        phone (804) 734-8720 / 8330

 Director.--William E Moore, 734-8720.
     Chief Operating Officer.--Michael J. Dowling, 734-8720.

                            WASHINGTON OFFICE

       4100 Defense Pentagon, Room 5D636, Washington, DC 20301-4100

                       phone (703) 571-7186 / 7184

 Chief.--Robin Schmidt.

                       DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY

       8725 John J. Kingman Road, Suite 2135, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060

                           phone (703) 767-3200

 Director.--Anita F. Bales, 767-3200.
     Deputy Director.--Joseph P. Bentz, 767-3272.

              DEFENSE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY AGENCY

                 27130 Telegraph Road, Quantico, VA 22134

                           phone (703) 617-2352

 Director.--William K. Lietzau (571) 305-6083.
     Deputy Director.--Daniel Lecce (571) 305-6092.

[[Page 638]]

                  DEFENSE FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICE

            8899 East 56th Street, Indianapolis, IN 46249-0100

                           phone (317) 212-0714

 Director.--Audrey Y. Davis (571) 372-7183.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Jonathan Witter (317) 212-0714.

                           DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY

           7700 Arlington Boulevard, Falls Church, VA 22042-5101

                           phone (703) 681-8707

 Director.--Lt. Gen. Ronald J. Place, M.D.
     Deputy Director.--Guy T. Kiyokawa.

                    DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY

           P.O. Box 549, Command Building, Fort Meade, MD 20755

 Director.--Lt. Gen. Robert J. Skinner, USAF (301) 225-6001.
     Executive Deputy Director.--Christopher Barnhurst, 225-6080.
     Chief of Staff.--Laura Radney, 225-6020.

                        DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

                200 MacDill Boulevard, Washington, DC 20340

                           phone (202) 231-0800

 Director.--LTG Scott D. Berrier, USA (202) 231-0567.
     Deputy Director.--Suzanne L. White (202) 231-0566.

                       DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY

              Pentagon, Room 3E788, Washington, DC 20301-1600

                    phone (703) 695-3341, fax 693-7278

 General Counsel.--Caroline Krass.
     Principal Deputy General Counsel.--Corin Stone, 697-7248.

                         DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY

       8725 John J. Kingman Road, Suite 2533, Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060

                           phone (703) 767-5264

 Director.--VADM Michelle C. Skubic, USN.
     Vice Director.--Brad Bunn, SES.

                    DEFENSE POW / MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY

             2300 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-2300

                    phone (703) 699-1102, fax 602-1890

 Director.--Kelly K. McKeague.

                    DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY

        201 12th Street South, Suite 203, Arlington, VA 22202-5408

                           phone (703) 604-6605

 Director.--James Hursch, 604-6604.
     Deputy Director.--Jed Royal, 604-6606.


[[Page 639]]



                      DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY

     8725 John J. Kingman Road, Stop 6201, Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060-6201

                           phone (703) 767-4883

 Director.--Rebecca K. C. Hersman.
     Deputy Director.--RADM Ryan Scholl.

                  NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

                 7500 GEOINT Drive, Springfield, VA 22150

                           phone (571) 557-5300

 Director.--VADM Robert Sharp.
     Deputy Director.--Tonya P. Wilkerson.

            NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY / CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE

                       Ft. George G. Meade, MD 20755

                           phone (301) 688-6524

 Director, NSA / Chief, CSS.--GEN Paul M. Nakasone, USA; Commander, U.S. 
    Cyber Command.
     Deputy Director, NSA.--George C. Barnes.
     Chief of Staff.--Marlisa Smith.

                           JOINT SERVICE SCHOOLS

                      DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY

                 9820 Belvoir Road, Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060

                           phone (800) 845-7606

 President.--James P. Woolsey (703) 805-3360.
     Vice President.--Frank L. Kelley, 805-2828.
     Chief of Staff.--Joseph E. Johnson, 805-2828.

                     NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE UNIVERSITY

 President.--J. Scott Cameron, Ph.D. (202) 231-3344.

                       NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY

     Fort McNair, Building 62, 300 Fifth Avenue, Washington, DC 20319

                           phone (202) 685-3912

 President.--Lt. Gen. Michael T. Plehn, USAF, Building 62, Room 307, 
    685-3936.
     Senior Vice President.--Amb. John Hoover, Building 62, Room 307A, 
        685-3923.
     Interim Provost.--Dr. Cynthia A. Watson, Ph.D., Building 62, Room 
        309C, 685-0080.

                      CAPSTONE / PINNACLE / KEYSTONE

 Director.--RADM Gerard ``Gerry'' M. Mauer, Jr. (Ret.), USN, Building 
    64, Room 3510, 685-2330.

                           NATIONAL WAR COLLEGE

 Commandant.--Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Hurlbert, USAF, Building 61, Room 124, 
    685-4341.

[[Page 640]]

 DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER SCHOOL FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND RESOURCE STRATEGY

 Commandant.--BG Joy L. Curriera, USA, Building 64, Room 200, 685-4337.

                COLLEGE OF INTERNATIONAL SECURITY AFFAIRS

 Chancellor.--Amb. Greta C. Holtz (Ret.), Building 64, Room 2102, 685-
    7209.

                  COLLEGE OF INFORMATION AND CYBERSPACE

 Chancellor / Dean of Faculty and Academic Programs.--Dr. Cassandra D. 
    Lewis, Building 62, Room 201G, 685-3886.

                        JOINT FORCES STAFF COLLEGE

 Commandant.--BG Voris McBurnette, USAR, 7800 Hampton Boulevard, 
    Norfolk, VA 23511 (757) 443-6124.

           UNIFORMED SERVICES UNIVERSITY OF THE HEALTH SCIENCES

                4301 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, MD 20814

 President.--Jonathan Woodson, MD, MSS, FACS., Room A1019 (301) 295-
    3013.


