

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 671-697]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                          DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

             Robert F. Kennedy Department of Justice Building

            950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530

                  phone (202) 514-2000, https://usdoj.gov

     MERRICK B. GARLAND, Attorney General, was sworn in as the 86th 
Attorney General of the United States on March 11, 2021. As the nation's 
chief law enforcement officer, Attorney General Garland leads the 
Justice Department's 115,000 employees, who work across the United 
States and in more than 50 countries worldwide. Under his leadership, 
the Department of Justice is dedicated to upholding the rule of law, 
keeping our country safe, and protecting the civil rights of all 
Americans.
     Immediately preceding his confirmation as Attorney General, 
Attorney General Garland was a judge of the United States Court of 
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was appointed to that 
position in 1997, served as Chief Judge of the Circuit from 2013-20, and 
served as Chair of the Executive Committee of the Judicial Conference of 
the United States from 2017-20. In 2016, President Obama nominated him 
for the position of Associate Justice of the United States Supreme 
Court.
     Before becoming a federal judge, Attorney General Garland spent a 
substantial part of his professional life at the Department of Justice. 
He served in both career and non-career positions under five Attorneys 
General, including as Special Assistant to the Attorney General, 
Assistant United States Attorney, Deputy Assistant Attorney General in 
the Criminal Division, and Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General. 
In those roles, his responsibilities spanned the work of the Department, 
including criminal, civil, and national security matters. They also 
included direct supervision of investigations and prosecutions of 
national importance, including the Oklahoma City bombing, Unabomber, and 
Montana Freemen cases.
     Earlier in his career, Attorney General Garland was a partner in 
the law firm of Arnold & Porter, where his practice involved civil and 
criminal litigation, antitrust, and administrative law. He also taught 
antitrust at Harvard Law School and published law review articles on 
both antitrust and administrative law.
     Attorney General Garland graduated summa cum laude from Harvard 
College and magna cum laude from Harvard Law School. Following law 
school, he clerked for Judge Henry J. Friendly of the United States 
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and for Justice William J. 
Brennan, Jr., of the United States Supreme Court.

                      OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5111, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2001

 Attorney General.--Merrick B. Garland.
          Confidential Assistant.--Marcia Davidson, Room 5107, 514-2001.
     Chief of Staff to the Attorney General.--Matthew B. Klapper, Room 
        5115, 514-3892.
     Chief Counselor to the Attorney General.--Kate Heinzelman, Room 
        5111, 616-7740.
     Counselors to the Attorney General: Tamarra Matthews Johnson, Room 
        5110, 514-4969; Margaret Goodlander, Room 5112, 514-9798; 
        Timothy Visser, Room 5134, 514-7281; Mitchell Reich, Room 5116, 
        305-7378.
     Director of Scheduling and Advance.--Nikita Purdy (acting), Room 
        5226, 305-8674.
     Office Manager.--Theresa Watson, Room 5111, 514-2001.

                   OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 4111, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2101

 Deputy Attorney General.--Lisa O. Monaco, Room 4111.
          Special Assistant to the Deputy Attorney General.--Maya Suero, 
            Room 4111, 514-2101.
     Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General.--John P. Carlin, Room 
        4208, 514-2105.

[[Page 672]]

     Chief of Staff and Associate Deputy Attorney General.--Anita M. 
        Singh, Room 4210, 514-3853.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Frank Lin, Room 4212, 616-0663.
     Associate Deputy Attorneys General: Myesha Braden, Room 4129, 305-
        0071; Kevin Chambers, Room 4112, 616-6498; Iris Lan, Room 4311, 
        514-6907; Emily Loeb, Room 4121, 305-8657; Jeremy Maltby, Room 
        4135, 514-4680; David Newman, Room 4218, 514-3712; Karl 
        Thompson, Room 4119, 305-0620; Brad Weinsheimer, Room 4113, 305-
        7848.
     Associate Deputy Attorney General and National Criminal Discovery 
        Coordinator.--Andrew D. Goldsmith, Room 4214, 514-5705.
     Chief, Professional Misconduct Review Unit.--Mark Masling, Room 
        4131, 353-3530.
     White House Liaison and Senior Counsel.--Shomari Figures, 353-3030.
     Senior Counsel to the Deputy Attorney General.--Lawrence Atkinson, 
        Room 4315, 514-6753; Adam Chandler, Room 4214, 305-3481; Seth 
        Eichenholtz, 826-8838; Anders Folk, Room 4226, 305-0180; Anne 
        Gannon, 297-6589; Margy O'Herron, Room 4116, 514-9340; Sonja 
        Ralston, Room 4114, 305-0091; Sara Solow, 445-9393; Kathleen 
        Toomey, Room 4222; 307-1045.
     Senior Counselor for Immigration Policy.--Lucas Guttentag, 341-
        7276.
     Counsel to the Deputy Attorney General: Margot Benedict, Room 4220, 
        514-7473; Julie Dickerson, Room 4313, 514-0438; Ashley 
        Robertson, Room 4224, 514-4995.
     Special Advisor.--Apio Aloya, Room 4222, 340-8052.
     White House Fellow.--Joyatee Basu, Room 4415, 514-4945.
     Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.--Robert 
        Connolly (2CON), Room 8E.1009, 616-0521.

                 OFFICE OF THE ASSOCIATE ATTORNEY GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5706, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-9500

 Associate Attorney General.--Vanita Gupta.
              Confidential Assistant.--Emma West Rasmus*, Room 5718, 
                514-9500.
     Office Manager.--Ashley Wilson*, Room 5706, 514-9500.
     Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General.--Matthew Colangelo.
     Deputy Associate Attorneys General: Theron Pride, Rachel Rossi, 
        Paul Wolfson.
     Counsel to the Associate Attorney General.--Betsy Henthorne, Mary 
        Hahn*.
     Senior Counsel to the Associate Attorney General.--Gene Kimmelman, 
        Burden Walker*.
     Chief of Staff and Deputy Associate Attorney General.--Sparkle 
        Sooknanan (acting).

      Note: * Indicates detailed from other component within DOJ.

                      OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5143, Washington, DC 20530

                phone (202) 514-2201, https://usdoj.gov/osg

 Solicitor General.--Elizabeth B. Prelogar, Room 5143, 514-2201.
              Confidential Assistant.--Rebecca Rios, Room 5143, 514-
                2201.
     Principal Deputy Solicitor General.--Brian H. Fletcher, Room 5143, 
        514-2206.
     Executive Officer.--Valerie Hall Yancey, Room 5142, 514-3957.
     Supervisory Case Management Specialist.--Charlene Goodwin, Room 
        5608, 514-2218.
     Research and Publications Section Manager.--Vacant, Room 6634, 353-
        4122.

                            ANTITRUST DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

    Liberty Square Building, 450 5th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001 
                                  (LSB)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Jonathan S. Kanter, Room 3109 (202) 514-
    2401.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Doha Mekki, Room 
        3208, 598-8023.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General.--Richard A. Powers, Room 3216, 
        598-2447.
     Senior Director of Investigations and Litigation.--Kathy O'Neill, 
        Room 3121, 307-2931.
     Director of:
              Criminal Enforcement.--Marvin Price, Jr., Room 3211, 307-
                0719.
              Economics Enforcement.--Jeffrey Wilder, Room 3123, 307-
                6665.

[[Page 673]]

              Litigation.--Craig Conrath (LSB), Room 4600, 532-4560.
              Policy.--David Lawrence, Room 3218, 532-4698.
              Procurement Collusion Strike Force.--Daniel Glad, Room 
                3209, (312) 754-3925.
     Freedom of Information Act Officer.--Kenneth Hendricks (LSB), Room 
        1000, 514-2692.
     Executive Officer.--Walt Cain (LSB), Room 3026, 514-7305.
     Section Chiefs:
              Appellate.--Daniel Haar, Room 3222, 598-2846.
              Competition Policy and Advocacy.--Karina Lubell (acting), 
                Room 3335, 305-6019.
              Defense, Industrial, and Aerospace.--Katrina Rouse (LSB), 
                Room 8700, 598-2459.
              Economic Litigation.--Norman Familant (LSB), Room 9912, 
                307-6323.
              Economic Policy Section.--Aditi M. Mehta (LBS), Room 9400, 
                307-6603.
              Economic Regulatory.--Beth Armington (LSB), Room 3700, 
                307-6332.
              Ethics Office, Office of the Chief Legal Advisor.--Dorothy 
                Fountain, Room 3220, 514-3543.
              Financial Services, Fintech, and Banking.--Owen M. Kendler 
                (LSB), Room 4000, 305-8376.
              Healthcare and Consumer Products.--Eric Welsh (LSB), Room 
                4700, 598-8681.
              International.--Lynda Marshall (LSB), Room 11000, 514-
                2264.
              Media, Entertainment, and. Communications.--Yvette Tarlov 
                (acting) (LSB), Room 4004, 514-5808.
              Technology and Digital Platforms.--Aaron Hoag (LSB), Room 
                7700, 307-6153.
              Transportation, Energy, and Agriculture.--Robert Lepore 
                (LSB), Room 8100, 532-4928.
              Washington Criminal I Section.--Ryan Danks (LSB), Room 
                11400, 305-0128
              Washington Criminal II Section.--James Fredricks (LSB), 
                Room 11700, 307-1403.

                              FIELD OFFICES

  California: Manish Kumar, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, Room 10-0101, Box 
    36046, San Francisco, CA 94102 (415) 934-5333.
  Illinois: Kalina Tulley, Rookery Building, 209 South LaSalle Street, 
    Suite 600, Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 984-7211.
  New York: Joseph Muoio, Jr., 26 Federal Plaza, Room 3630, New York, NY 
    10278-1040 (212) 824-1236.

                   BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO, FIREARMS,

                           AND EXPLOSIVES (ATF)

        99 New York Avenue, NE., Suite 5S-100, Washington, DC 20226

                          OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR

 Director.--Steven Dettelbach (202) 648-8700.
              Confidential Project Manager to the Acting Director.--
                Michelle A. Back, 648-8700.
     Associate Deputy Director / Chief Operating Officer.--Thomas L. 
        Chittum, 648-8710.
              Special Assistant to the Deputy Director.--Betty L. 
                Coleman, 648-8710.
     Chief of Staff.--Daniel L. Board, Jr. (acting), 648-8323.
     Counsel to the Director.--Joseph J. Allen, 648-7113.

                      OFFICE OF STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT

 Chief.--Charlayne Armentrout, 648-7099.

                         OFFICE OF CHIEF COUNSEL

 Chief Counsel.--Pamela J. Hicks, 648-7058.
     Deputy Chief Counsel.--Jennifer E. Ambuehl, 648-7000.

               OFFICE OF ENFORCEMENT PROGRAMS AND SERVICES

 Assistant Director.--Alphonso J. Hughes, 648-7080.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Andrew R. Graham, 648-7080.


[[Page 674]]



                       OFFICE OF EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

 Chief.--Evette R. Young, 648-7553.

                        OFFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS

 Assistant Director.--George H. Lauder, 648-7100.
     Deputy Assistant Directors:
          Central.--Robert Cekada, 648-7100.
          East.--Marcus Watson, 648-7100.
          Industry Operations.--Vacant, 648-7100.
          Programs.--Timothy Jones, 648-7100.
          West.--William ``Terry'' Henderson, 648-7100.

                           OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT

 Assistant Director / CFO.--Francis H. Frande, 648-7800.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Vacant, 648-7800.

                          OFFICE OF OMBUDSPERSON

 Ombudsperson.--Eric Hebron, 648-7351.

      OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY AND SECURITY OPERATIONS

 Assistant Director / Chief Security Officer.--Celinez Nunez, 648-7500.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--James M. Dier, 648-8702.

                OFFICE OF PUBLIC AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS

 Assistant Director.--Megan A. Bennett, 648-8520.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Curtis W. Gilbert, 648-8520.
     Chief, Division of:
          Intergovernmental Affairs.--John Wells (acting), 648-8807.
          Legislative Affairs.--Kevin Tann, 256-2106.
          Public Affairs.--April Langwell, 648-8686.

                  OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY / CIO

 Assistant Director / Chief Information Officer.--Roger Beasley, 648-
    8390.
     Deputy Assistant Director for IT Services / Deputy CIO.--Victoria 
        Gold, 648-8390.
     Deputy Assistant Director for Forensic Services.--Greg Czarnopys, 
        648-6001.

             OFFICE OF STRATEGIC INTELLIGENCE AND INFORMATION

Assistant Director.--James E. McDermond, 648-7600.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Dana Nichols, 648-7600.

          OFFICE OF HUMAN RESOURCES AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

 Assistant Director.--Lisa T. Boykin (acting) (202) 648-7979.
     Deputy Assistant Director (Human Resources & Workforce Wellness).--
        Sheryl G. Williams (acting), (202) 648-7489.
     Deputy Assistant Director (Professional Development).--Vince C. 
        Pallozzi (acting) (704) 716-1808.


[[Page 675]]



                              CIVIL DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

              1100 L Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (L ST)

    Liberty Square Building, 450 5th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001 
                                  (LSB)

   175 N Street, NE., 3 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (3CON)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Brian M. Boynton (acting) (202) 514-4015.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Brian M. Boynton, 
        514-4015.
     Chief of Staff.--Michael Baer (acting), 514-1500.

                             APPELLATE STAFF

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Sarah Harrington, 307-5906.
     Director.--Mark Freeman, 514-5714.

                       COMMERCIAL LITIGATION BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Michael Granston, 514-4053.
     Directors for--
          Corporate and Financial Litigation.--Ruth Harvey, 307-0388.
          Civil Fraud Section.--Jamie Yavelberg, 514-6514.
          Foreign Litigation.--Jeanne Davidson, 616-8277.
          Intellectual Property.--Gary Hausken, 307-0342.
          National Courts.--Patricia McCarthy, 307-0164.

                        CONSUMER LITIGATION BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Arun Rao, 514-7835.
     Director.--Gustav W. Eyler, 307-3009.

                         FEDERAL PROGRAMS BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Brian Netter, 353-2793.
     Directors: John Griffiths, 514-4652; Alexander K. Haas, 514-1259; 
        Jennifer Ricketts, 514-3671.

                          IMMIGRATION LITIGATION

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Christopher Tenorio, 307-6482.
     Directors for--
          Appellate Court.--David McConnell, 616-4881.
          District Court.--William Peachey, 307-0871.
          Enforcement Section.--Kathleen Connolly (acting), 305-8627.

                           MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS

 Executive Officer.--Irene Cutitta (acting), 507-6056.

                               TORTS BRANCH

 Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Varudhini Chilakamarri, 514-3046.
     Directors for--
          Aviation, Space and Admiralty.--Barry Benson, 616-4030.
          Constitutional and Specialized Torts Section.--Sal D'Alessio 
            (acting), 616-4168.
          Environmental Torts.--J. Patrick Glynn, 616-4200.
          Federal Torts Claims Act.--James Touhey, 616-4292.

                     9 / 11 VICTIM COMPENSATION FUND

 Special Master.--Rupa Bhattacharyya, 305-0008.


[[Page 676]]



                           CIVIL RIGHTS DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   150 M Street, NE., 4 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (4CON)

                           https://usdoj.gov/crt

 Assistant Attorney General.--Kristen Clarke (202) 353-9737.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Pamela Karlan, 598-
        5549.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Greg Friel, 514-3876; Jennifer 
        Mathis, 514-5686; Robert Moossy, 514-0621; Johnathan Smith, 616-
        2343.
     Chief of Staff and Senior Counsel: Shaylyn Cochran, 514-9879.
     Senior Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General: Kinara Flagg 
        (acting), 532-5016; Jessica Polansky (acting), 598-9877; Daniel 
        Yi (Senior Counsel for Innovation), 514-4701.
     Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General: John Powers, 514-1055.
     Director of Operational Management.--Kathleen Toomey (on detail to 
        ODAG, 323-0283; Suey Howe (acting), 598-9594.
              Special Assistant.--Jeremy Wertz, 598-9888.
     Section Chiefs:
          Administrative Management.--Suey Howe (Executive Officer on 
            detail to OAAG), 598-9594; Gary Wong (acting Executive 
            Officer), 616-9973.
          Appellate.--Bonnie Robin-Vergeer (pending OPM approval), 353-
            2464.
          Chief Counsel.--Diana Embrey, 353-2510.
          Complaint Adjudication.--Doug Kern (Complaint Adjudication 
            Officer), 616-9664.
          Criminal.--James Felte, 305-4067.
          Disability Rights.--Rebecca Bond, 305-0748.
          Educational Opportunities.--Shaheena Simons, 305-3364.
          Employment Litigation.--Karen Woodard, 514-3878.
          Federal Coordination and Compliance.--Christine Stoneman, 305-
            3963.
          Housing and Civil Enforcement.--Sameena Shina Majeed, 305-
            1311.
          Immigrant and Employee Rights.--Alberto Ruisanchez, 616-5594.
          Policy and Strategy.--Louis Lopez, 598-3194.
          Professional Development.--Jessica Ginsburg, 514-4530.
          Special Litigation.--Steven Rosenbaum, 616-3244.
          Voting.--Chris Herren, 514-1416.

              OFFICE OF COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES

                  145 N Street, NE., Washington, DC 20530

                            DIRECTOR'S OFFICE

 Director.--Rob Chapman (acting), 11th Floor.
     Deputy Director for--
          Community Policing.--Rob Chapman.
          Grant Operations.--Cory Randolph.
          Management Services.--Cory Randolph (acting).
     General Counsel.--Jonya Wagner (acting).

                         COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Shannon Long, 11th Floor, 514-9079.

                        COMMUNITY RELATIONS SERVICE

  145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Suite 5E.300, Washington, DC 
                                  20530

                    phone (202) 305-2935, fax 353-2164

 Director.--Paul Monteiro.
     Deputy Director.--Gerri Ratliff.
     General Counsel.--Antoinette Barksdale.
     Associate Director.--Vacant.

                         REGIONAL DIRECTORS (RDs)

 New England.--Mary Gorecki (acting), 408 Atlantic Avenue, Suite 222, 
    Boston, MA 02110-1032 (617) 424-5715.

[[Page 677]]

 Northeast Region.--Benoy Thomas, 26 Federal Plaza, Suite 36-118, New 
    York, NY 10278 (212) 264-0700.
 Mid-Atlantic Region.--Benoy Thomas (acting), 200 2nd and Chestnut 
    Streets, Suite 208, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 597-2344.
 Southeast Region.--Synthia Taylor (acting), 61 Forsyth Street, SW., 
    Suite 7B65, Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 331-6883.
 Midwest Region.--Mary Gorecki, 230 South Dearborn Street, Suite 2130, 
    Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 353-4391.
 Southwest Region.--Synthia Taylor, Hardwood Center Building, 1999 Bryan 
    Street, Suite 2050, Dallas, TX 75201 (214) 655-8175.
 Central Region.--Mary Gorecki (acting), 601 East 12th Street, Suite 
    0802, Kansas City, MO 64106 (816) 426-7434.
 Rocky Mountain Region.--Vincent Plair, 1244 Speer Boulevard, Suite 650, 
    Denver, CO 80204-3584 (303) 844-2973.
 Western Region.--Vincent Plair, 888 South Figueroa Street, Suite 2010, 
    Los Angeles, CA 90017 (213) 894-2941.
 Northwest Region.--Vincent Plair (acting), 915 Second Avenue, Suite 
    1808, Seattle, WA 98174 (206) 220-6700.

                             CRIMINAL DIVISION

            950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530

   Bond Building, 1400 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (Bond)

              1331 F Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (F ST)

  Keeney Building, 1301 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (1301 
                                  NYA)

   145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20530 (2CON)

                     Mainline Telephone (202) 514-7200

 Assistant Attorney General.--Kenneth A. Polite, Jr., Room 2107, 514-
    7200.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Nicholas L. McQuaid, 
        Room 2206, 514-7200.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Richard W. Downing, Room 2119, 
        353-7849; Kevin Driscoll, Room 2113, 307-6465; Jennifer A. H. 
        Hodge, Room 2115, 305-9291; Lisa H. Miller, Room 2121, 598-6383; 
        Teresa L. McHenry (acting), Room 2214, 616-8385; Bruce C. 
        Swartz, Room 2212, 514-2333.
     Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Assistant Attorney General.--
        Gwendolyn A. Stamper (acting), Room 2208, 598-2335.
     Senior Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General: Dahoud A. Askar, 
        Room 2216, 368-1667; Daniel C. Richenthal, Room 2222, 305-3978; 
        Natalya T. Savransky, Room 2214, 616-4797.
     Administrative Officer.--Raven Gaddy, Room 2215, 307-9965.
     Executive Officer.--Tracy Melton (Bond), Room 534, 305-0534.
     Section Chiefs / Office Directors:
          Appellate.--Joseph C. Wyderko (acting) (RFK), Room 1254, 514-
            3608.
          Capital Case.--Richard Burns (F ST), Suite 649, 353-1911.
          Child Exploitation and Obscenity.--Steve J. Grocki (1301 NYA), 
            Room 1108, 616-8900.
          Computer Crime and Intellectual Property.--John T. Lynch (1301 
            NYA), Room 617, 305-8732.
          Enforcement Operations.--James Robert Bryden II, (1301 NYA), 
            Room 909, 305-9206.
          Fraud.--Joseph Beemsterboer (acting) (Bond), Room 448, 616-
            3199.
          Human Rights and Special Prosecutions.--Hope Olds (acting) 
            (1301 NYA), Room 1218, 514-0818.
          International Affairs.--Vaughn Ary (1301 NYA), Suite 419, 616-
            1503.
          International Criminal Investigative Training Assistant 
            Program.--Gregory Ducot, (F ST), Suite 5039, 353-4784.
          Money Laundering and Asset Recovery.--Deborah L. Connor 
            (Bond), Suite 1028, 616-2886.
          Narcotic and Dangerous Drug.--Arthur G. Wyatt (2CON), Room 
            2E.202, 307-2382.
          Organized Crime and Gangs.--David L. Jaffe (1301 NYA), Suite 
            708, 514-0865.
          Overseas Prosecutorial Development, Assistance and Training.--
            Faye S. Ehrenstamm (F ST), Suite 719, 514-1437.
          Policy and Legislation.--Jonathan Wroblewski (RFK), Room 1744, 
            514-4730.

[[Page 678]]

          Public Integrity.--Corey Amundson (1301 NYA), Suite 1007, 598-
            2253.

                      DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION

   Lincoln Place-1 (East), 600 Army-Navy Drive, Arlington, VA 22202 (LP-
                                   1)

   Lincoln Place-2 (West), 700 Army-Navy Drive, Arlington, VA 22202 (LP-
                                   2)

 Administrator.--Anne Milgram (571) 776-2269.
              Executive Assistants.--Eugene ``Gene'' Crouch, 776-2563: 
                Steven Hofer, 362-7412; Ibrar Mian, 362-6323.
     Chief of Staff.--Steve Ferketic, 776-3373.
     Principal Deputy Administrator.--Louis J. Milione, 776-2271.
     Senior Advisor.--Christopher D. Nielsen, 776-3831.
     Equal Employment Opportunity Officer.--Lorena McElwain, 776-2728.
     Chief, Congressional and Public Affairs.--Jon DeLena (acting), 362-
        8814.
     Chief Counsel.--Hallie Hoffman, 776-2142.
     Deputy Chief Counsel:  Robert ``Chris'' Gleason, 776-3326; Sandra 
        T. Stevens, 776-2787.
     Chief, Office of Administrative Law Judges.--John Mulrooney, 307-
        8188.

                      FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT DIVISION

 Chief Financial Officer.--Jeffrey Sutton (571) 776-2125.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator for:
          Acquisition Management.--Jeffrey Saylor, 776-3594.
          Administration.--Jeff Rashap (acting), 776-3561.
          Finance.--Daniel Gillette, 776-3323.
          Resource Management.--Brian Horn, 776-2507.
     Associate Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Acquisition Management.--Vacant.
          Administration.--Tracy Rozier, 776-3092.
          Finance.--Vacant.
          Resource Management.--Stephan Faherty, 776-2471.

                         HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator.--Jeffrey Sutton (acting) (571) 776-2125.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator for Human Resources.--Tammy 
        VanKeuren, 776-3970.
              Executive Assistants: Christina Garner, 776-2899; Laura 
                Winter, 776-2428.
     Special Agent-in-Charge, Office of Training.--Michael Barbuti, 2500 
        Investigation Parkway, DEA Academy, Quantico, VA 22135, 362-
        7320.
              Executive Assistant.--Eric S. Lee, 362-7286.

                           INSPECTIONS DIVISION

 Chief Inspector.--Erik Smith (571) 362-7201.
              Executive Assistant.--Erika I. Jimenez, 776-2560.
     Deputy Chief Inspector, Office of:
          Inspections.--Tim Flaherty, 776-1678.
              Associate Deputy Chief Inspector.--Vacant.
          Professional Responsibility.--Gary Owen, 776-2558.
              Associate Deputy Chief Inspectors: Ken D. Niehl, 776-2605; 
                Keith Williams, 776-2604.
          Security Programs.--Sean Vereault, 776-3136.
              Associate Deputy Chief.--Owen Belton, 776-2810.

                          INTELLIGENCE DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator.--Carrie Thompson (acting) (571) 776-2110.
              Executive Assistant.--Benjamin Swincicki, 324-7330.
     Director / Special Agent-in-Charge, El Paso Intelligence Center.--
        James R. Reed (acting), Building 11339, SSG Sims Street, El 
        Paso, TX 79908-8098, 324-8543.

[[Page 679]]

     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Intelligence.--Steven M. 
        Towne, 776-2725.
              Executive Assistant.--Lordes Border, 776-2455.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Intelligence Programs.--Arthur A. Doty, Merrifield, VA, 776-
            2750.
              Executive Assistant.--Arlyn Brunet, 776-2462.
          National Security Intelligence.--Tamara L. Wiesmann, 776-2725.
              Executive Assistant.--Christopher A. Wojciechowski, 776-
                2765.
          OCDETF Fusion Center.--Michael Rzepczynski, 362-3890.
              Executive Assistant.--Michael V. Kersey, 324-8543.
          Special Intelligence.--James Schrant, Merrifield, VA, 362-
            0913.
              Executive Assistant.--Dawn R. Marseilles, 362-6937.

                           OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Chief of Operations.--Ray Donovan (571) 776-1386.
     Executive Assistants: Andrew K. Gordon, 776-2175; Chris Oksala, 
        776-0813.
     Chief of:
          Domestic Operations.--Jae Chung, 362-4609.
              Executive Assistant.--James Nunnallee, 324-7179.
          Foreign Operations.--George Papadopoulos, 776-0819.
              Executive Assistant.--Louis D'Ambrosio, 387-6965.
          Operations Management.--Michael D. Cabral (acting), 776-2364.
              Executive Assistant.--Cindy Curry (acting), 776-2204.
     Special Agent-in-Charge, Special Operations Division.--Wendy C. 
        Woolcock, Chantilly, VA, 776-0923.
              Executive Assistant.--Brian Leardo, 324-8252.

                        DIVERSION CONTROL DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control.--Kristi O'Malley 
    (acting) (571) 296-2368.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control 
        Regulatory.--Matthew J. Strait, 362-8354.
              Executive Assistant.--Marsha L. Ikner, 362-8278.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control 
        Operations.--Eric Triana (acting), 362-9595.
              Executive Assistant.--Christopher Dziedzic, 776-2338.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control 
        Policy.--Thomas Prevoznik, 362-8177.
              Executive Assistant.--Melissa A. Kellstrom, 362-8289.

                       OPERATIONAL SUPPORT DIVISION

 Assistant Administrator.--Timothy J. Plancon (571) 362-1650.
              Executive Assistants: David Hughes, 776-2115; Amber 
                Miller, 776-2116; Paul ``Rick'' Womble, 362-7351.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Forensic Sciences.--
        Nelson Santos, 776-2449.
     Associate Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Forensic 
        Sciences.--Scott Oulton, 776-2390.
     Forensic Sciences.--Lance Kvetko (acting), 776-2440.
     Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Investigative 
        Technology.--Michael Machak, Lorton, VA, 362-7333.
     Special Agent-in-Charge, Aviation Division.--Gary W. Hill, Fort 
        Worth, TX (817) 837-2000.

                              FIELD OFFICES

 Special Agents-in-Charge:

     Atlanta Division.--Robert Murphy, 75 Ted Turner Drive, SW., Room 
        800, Atlanta, GA 30303 (571) 362-3478.

     Caribbean Division.--Renita (Denise) Foster, Metro Office Park, 
        Millennium Park Plaza #15, 2nd Street, Suite 710, Guaynabo, PR 
        00968, 362-1653.

     Chicago Division.--Robert Bell, John C. Kluczynski Federal 
        Building, 230 South Dearborn Street, Suite 1200, Chicago, IL 
        60604, 362-6019.


[[Page 680]]


     Dallas Division.--Eduardo Chavez, 10160 Technology Boulevard East, 
        Dallas, TX 75220, 324-7418.

     Denver Division.--Brian Besser, 12154 East Easter Avenue, 
        Centennial, CO 80112-6740, 387-2511.

     Detroit Division.--Kent Kleinschmidt (acting), 431 Howard Street, 
        Detroit, MI 48226, 362-1654.

     El Paso Division.--Gregory Millard, 660 Mesa Hills Drive, Suite 
        2000, El Paso, TX 79912, 387-4104.

     Houston Division.--Daniel Comeaux, 1433 West Loop South, Suite 600, 
        Houston, TX 77027-9506, 387-6404.

     Louisville Division.--Jeffrey ``JT'' Scott, 1006 Federal Building, 
        600 Martin Luther King Place, Louisville, KY 40202, 362-0528.

     Los Angeles Division.--William Bodner, 255 East Temple Street, 17th 
        Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90012 (213) 621-7032.

     Miami Division.--Deanne Reuter, 2100 North Commerce Parkway, 
        Weston, FL 33326, 387-2252.

     New England Division.--Brian D. Boyle, JFK Federal Building, 15 New 
        Sudbury Street, Room E-400, Boston, MA 02203, 362-9004.

     New Jersey Division.--Susan Gibson, 80 Mulberry Street, 2nd Floor, 
        Newark, NJ 07102-4206 (973) 776-1202.

     New Orleans Division.--Bradford Byerley, 3 Lakeway Center, 3838 
        North Causeway Boulevard, Suite 1800, Metaire, LA 70002, 362-
        4722.

     New York Division.--Timothy Foley (acting), 99 10th Avenue, New 
        York, NY 10011, 362-9526.

     Omaha Division.--Justin King, 7300 World Communications Drive, 
        Omaha, NE 68122, 362-4574.

     Philadelphia Division.--Thomas Hodnett, William J. Green Federal 
        Building, 600 Arch Street, Room 10224, Philadelphia, PA 19106, 
        362-5292.

     Phoenix Division.--Cheri Oz, Westmount Place, 3010 North Second 
        Street, Suite 100, Phoenix, AZ 85012, 387-3257.

     San Diego Division.--Shelly Howe, 4560 Viewridge Avenue, San Diego, 
        CA 92123-1672, 324-6671.

     San Francisco Division.--Wade Shannon, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 14th 
        Floor, San Francisco, CA 94102, 387-2808.

     Seattle Division.--Frank Tarentino, 300 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1300, 
        Seattle, WA 98104-2398, 387-4603.

     St. Louis Division.--Michael A. Davis, 317 South 16th Street, St. 
        Louis, MO 63103, 387-6866.

     Washington, DC Division.--Jarod Forget, 800 K Street, NW., Suite 
        500, Washington, DC 20001, 362-1035.

                            OTHER DEA OFFICES

 Special Agents-in-Charge:

      James A. Reed, El Paso Intelligence Center, Building 11339, SSG 
        Sims Street, El Paso, TX 79908, 324-8543.
      Gary W. Hill, Aviation Operations Division, 2300 Horizon Drive, 
        Fort Worth, TX 76177 (817) 837-2000.
      Wendy C. Woolcock, Special Operations Division, 14560 Avion 
        Parkway, Chantilly, VA 20151, 776-0923.
      Michael Barbuti, Office of Training, Investigation Parkway, DEA 
        Academy, Quantico, VA 22135, 362-7320.

                             FOREIGN OFFICES

     Africa Regional Director: Patrick McDarby (571) 324-8461.
     Andean Regional Director: Omar Arellano (571) 387-3993.
     Caribbean Regional Director: Renita ``Denise'' Foster (571) 362-
        1653.
     Europe Regional Director: Daniel Dodds, +32-2-811-4241.
     Far East Regional Director: Jonathan Pullen (acting), +852-2841-
        2365.
     Middle East Regional Director: Michael Nowacoski, +7-727-250-4920.

[[Page 681]]

     North and Central America Regional Director: Todd Zimmerman (571) 
        387-2251.
     Southern Cone Regional Director: Carlos Mitchem (301) 985-9329.

                ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   150 M Street, NE., 4 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (4CON)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Todd Kim, Room 2143 (202) 514-2701.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General (PDAAG).--Katherine 
        Konschnik, Room 2603, 514-2766.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General (DAAG): Vacant, Room 2609, 514-
        4624; Vacant, Room 2611, 514-0943; Vacant, Room 2607, 305-0312; 
        Jean Williams, Room 2135, 305-0228.
     Counsel / Chief of Staff.--Michael Martinez, Room 2705, 514-3932.
     Executive Officer.--Andrew Collier (4CON), Room 2.1142, 616-3359.
     Section Chiefs:
          Appellate.--James C. Kilbourne (RFK), Room 2339, 514-2748.
          Environmental Crimes.--Deborah Harris (4CON), Room 4.202, 305-
            0347.
          Environmental Defense.--Letitia J. Grishaw (4CON), Room 
            4.1102, 514-2219.
          Environmental Enforcement.--Tom Mariani (4CON), Room 6.202, 
            514-4620.
          Indian Resources.--Craig Alexander (4CON), Room 3.1142, 514-
            9080.
          Land Acquisition.--Andrew Goldfrank (4CON), Room 5.202, 305-
            0316.
          Law and Policy.--R. Justin Smith (RFK), Room 2617, 514-0750.
          Natural Resources.--Lisa Russell (4CON), Room 3.202, 305-0438.
          Wildlife and Marine Resources.--Seth Barsky (4CON), Room 
            3.1102, 305-0210.

              EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW (EOIR)

          5107 Leesburg Pike, Suite 2600, Falls Church, VA 22041

 Director.--David L. Neil, 2600 SKYT (703) 305-0169.
     Deputy Director.--Charles K. Adkins-Blanch (acting).
     Chief of Staff.--Kathryn D. Sheehey.
     Senior Counsel to the Director.--Emmett Soper (acting).
     Counsel to the Deputy Director.--Daniel Swanwick (acting).
     General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel.--Jill Anderson, 
        2644 SKYT, 305-0470.
     Deputy General Counsel.--David Saadat.
     Chief Appellate Immigration Judge, Board of Immigration Appeals.--
        David Wetmore, 2300 SKYT.
     Deputy Chief Appellate Immigration Judges: Charles K. Adkins-
        Blanch, Garry Malphrus.
     Chief Immigration Judge, Office of the Chief Immigration Judge.--
        Tracy Short, 2401 SKYT, 305-1247.
     Deputy Chief Immigration Judges: Daniel Weiss (Principal), Mary 
        Cheng,  Daniel Daugherty, Sheila McNulty.
     Chief Administrative Hearing Officer, Office of the Chief 
        Administrative Hearing Officer.--James McHenry, Mark Center 
        Drive, 305-0864.
     Counsel to the Chief Administrative Hearing Officer.--Elizabeth 
        Vayo.
     Assistant Director, Office of Administration.--Michael Porter 
        (acting), 1900 SKYT, 305-0906.
     Deputy Assistant Directors: James McDaniel, Michael Porter.
     Executive Secretariat.--Sheaya Thomas.
     Assistant Director, Office of Policy.--Lauren Alder Reid, 2616 
        SKYT, 305-0701.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Sean Foster.
     Chief Information Officer, Office of Information Technology.--
        Kathryn D. Sheehey (acting), Mark Center Drive, 756-8130.
     Deputy Chief Information Officer.--James King (acting).
     Telephone Directory Coordinator.--Annette Thomas, Mark Center 
        Drive, 605-1336.


[[Page 682]]



           EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR ORGANIZED CRIME DRUG ENFORCEMENT

                                TASK FORCES

                  441 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530

              phone 202-514-1860, https://justice.gov/OCDETF

 Director.--Adam W. Cohen.
     Deputy Director.--Thomas Padden.
     Principal Associate Director, Prosecutorial Operations.--Gilberto 
        Guerrero.
     Principal Associate Director, Management Integration.--Simshindo 
        Msola.
     OCDETF Fusion Center Director.--Vacant.

           EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS (EOUSA)

    950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 2245, Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   175 N Street, NE., 3 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (3CON)

   National Advocacy Center, 1620 Pendleton Street, Columbia, SC 29201 
                                  (NAC)

               Office of the Director, phone (202) 252-1300

 Director, Office of the Director.--Monty Wilkinson, (RFK), Room 2243.
     Principal Deputy Director, Office of the Director.--Norman Wong 
        (RFK), Room 2246.
     Deputy Director and Chief of Staff, Office of the Director.--
        Suzanne L. Bell (RFK), Room 2244.
     Attorney General's Advisory Committee (AGAC) Liaison and USA 
        Nominations Coordinator.--Karen Winzenburg (RFK), Room 2248, 
        252-1374.
     Victims' Rights Ombudsman.--Ellen FitzGerald (RFK), Room 2260, 252-
        1010.
     Chief Learning Officer, Office of Legal Education (OLE).--Mark 
        Yancey (NAC), (803) 705-5162.
     General Counsel.--Jay Macklin (3CON), Room 5.202, 252-1600.
     Assistant Director, Equal Employment Opportunity Staff.--Julie Lu 
        (3CON), Room 5.132, 252-1450.
     Assistant Director, Evaluation and Review Staff.--Scott E. Williams 
        (3CON) (405) 553-8808.
     Assistant Director FOIA and Privacy Act Staff.--Kevin Krebs (3CON), 
        Room 5.220, 252-6020.
     Assistant Director, Strategic Communications Staff .--Sean LaFianza 
        (acting), (RFK), Room 2509, 252-5786.
     Chief, Legal Programs Staff.--Tammy Reno (3CON), Room 4.1302, 252-
        5877.
     Senior Counsel, Legal Programs Staff.--Valorie Smith (3CON), Room 
        4.109, 252-5807.
     Counsel, Legal Initiatives, Legal Programs Staff.--David Smith 
        (3CON), Room 4.208, 252-1326.
     Assistant Director, eLitigation, Legal Programs Staff.--Kristina 
        Neal (3CON), Room 4.204, 252-5833.
     Assistant Director, Victim & Witness, Legal Programs Staff.--Denise 
        Simpson (3CON), Room 4.208, 252-5884.
     Assistant Director, Asset Forfeiture, Money Laundering, CATS, CDCS, 
        Bankruptcy, Financial Litigation, Legal Programs Staff.--Mark 
        Redmiles (3CON), Room 4.206, 252-5879.
     Assistant Director, Data Integrity & Analysis, Legal Programs 
        Staff.--Samantha Brunick (3CON), Room 4.1115, 252-5831.
     Chief Financial Officer, Resource Management and Planning Staff.--
        Jonathan Pelletier (3CON), Room 6.202, 252-5628.
     Deputy Chief Financial Officer-Resource Management & Planning 
        Staff.--Ajay Pillai, (3CON), Room 6.206, 252-5671.
     Assistant Director, Audit and Review, Resource Management and 
        Planning Staff.--Louisa McCarter-Dadzie, (3CON), Room 6.101, 
        252-5624.
     Assistant Director, Budget Execution, Resource Management and 
        Planning Staff.--Jason Diaz (3CON), Room 6.112, 252-5670.
     Assistant Director, Financial Systems, Resource Management and 
        Planning Staff.--Nichole Kubeluis (3CON), 252-5635.
     Assistant Director, Policy & Planning, Resource Management and 
        Planning Staff.--Eugene Park (3CON), Room 6.129, 252-5648.
     Assistant Director, Acquisitions Staff.--Stephanie Girard (3CON), 
        Room 6.1316, 252-5407.
     Assistant Director, Facilities and Support Services Staff.--Ana 
        Indovina (3CON), Room 6.222, 252-5964.

[[Page 683]]

     Chief Information Officer.--Mark Fleshman (3CON), Room 3.202, 252-
        6246.
     Assistant Director, Enterprise End-User Technologies, Office of 
        Automation Staff.--Kevin Shrieves (3CON) Room 2.202, 252-6281.
     Assistant Director, Enterprise Applications Development, Case 
        Management Staff.--Siobhan Sperin (3CON), Room 3.222, 252-6120.
     Assistant Director, Cybersecurity Services, Information Systems 
        Security Staff.--Greg Hall, (3CON), Room 3.139, 252-6090.
     Assistant Director, Enterprise Voice Services (EVoIP), Telecomm and 
        Technology Development Staff.--Joe Pfeifer (3CON), Room 3.1328, 
        252-4468.
     Assistant Director, Records and Information Management (RIM) 
        Staff.--Laura Besong (3CON), 252-6495.
     Assistant Director, Network Operations & Services, Information 
        Technology Staff.--Jonathan Alkonis, (NOC), 803-705-5578.
     Managing Attorney, Litigation Technology Service Center (LTSC / 
        LTHD).--Anthony Bellino, (NAC), 803-705-5426.
     Assistant Director, Employee Assistance Program Staff.--Eileen 
        Vermilye (3CON), Room 5.701, 252-5457.
     Chief, Human Resources Officer, Human Resources Staff.--Michael 
        Williams (3CON), Room 7.202, 252-5310.
     Assistant Director, Policy and Special Programs, Human Resources 
        Staff.--Bob Lauria, (3CON), 252-5357.
     Assistant Director, HR Operations, Human Resources Staff.--Jewel 
        Campos (3CON), Room 7.208, 252-5355.
     Assistant Director, Accountability and District Assistance, Human 
        Resources Staff.--Shannon O'Connor-Jobe (3CON), 252-5319.
     Chief, Emergency Management, Security and Emergency Management 
        Staff.--James McAtamney (3CON), Room 2.406, 252-5749.
     Assistant Director, Security and Emergency Management Staff.--
        Timothy George (3CON), Room 2.1302, 252-5694.

                EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR UNITED STATES TRUSTEES

                  441 G Street, NW., Washington, DC 20530

                phone (202) 307-1391, https://usdoj.gov/ust

 Director.--Clifford J. White III, Suite 6150.
     Deputy Director / General Counsel.--Ramona D. Elliott, Suite 6150.

     Deputy Director for Field Operations.--William T. Neary (acting), 
        Suite 6150.

     Deputy Director for Management.--Henry Hensley, Suite 6150.

     Chief Information Officer.--Barbara A. Brown, 353-8754.

     Assistant Director, Office of:

          Administration.--Melissa Wilf, Suite 6150, 616-1118.

          Oversight.--Robert S. Gebhard, Suite 6150, 305-0222.

          Planning and Evaluation.--Robert Boden, Suite 6150, 305-7827.

                              U.S. TRUSTEES

  Region I:

      Suite 1000, 5 Post Office Square, Boston, MA 02109 (617) 788-0400.

      Suite 300, 537 Congress Street, Portland, ME 04101 (207) 780-3564.

      14th Floor, Sovereign Tower Building, 446 Main, Worcester, MA 
        01608 (508) 793-0555.

      Suite 2300, 53 Pleasant Street, Concord, NH 03301 (603) 333-2777.

      Suite 431, One Exchange Terrace, Providence, RI 02903 (401) 528-
        5551.

  Region II:

      Suite 1006, U.S. Federal Building, 201 Varick Street, New York, NY 
        10014 (212) 510-0500.

      Room 620, 11A Clinton Avenue, Albany, NY 12207 (518) 434-4553.

      Suite 401, 300 Pearl Street, Buffalo, NY 14202 (716) 551-5541.

      Suite 560, Alfonse D'Amato Federal Courthouse, 560 Federal Plaza, 
        Central Islip, NY 11722-4456 (631) 715-7800.

      Suite 302, 150 Court Street, New Haven, CT 06510 (203) 773-2210.


[[Page 684]]


      Suite 4230, 100 State Street, Rochester, NY 14614 (585) 263-5812.

      Room 105, 10 Broad Street, Utica, NY 13501 (315) 793-8191.

  Region III:

      Room 229, 900 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107 (215) 597-
        4411.

      Suite 502, 200 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 597-
        4411.

      Suite 2100, One Newark Center, 1085 Raymond Boulevard, Newark, NJ 
        07102 (973) 645-3014.

      Suite 970, 1001 Liberty Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 (412) 644-
        4756.

      Suite 1190, 228 Walnut Street, Harrisburg, PA 17101 or P.O. Box 
        969, Harrisburg, PA 17108 (717) 221-4515.

      Suite 2207, 844 King Street, Wilmington, DE 19801 (302) 573-6491.

  Region IV:

      Suite 953, 1835 Assembly Street, Columbia, SC 29201 (803) 765-
        5250.

      Suite 650, 1725 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA 22314 (703) 557-7176.

      Room 625, 200 Granby Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 (757) 441-6012.

      Room 2025, 300 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 (304) 
        347-3400.

      First Campbell Square Building, 210 First Street, SW., Suite 505, 
        Roanoke, VA 24011 (540) 857-2806.

      Suite 4304, U.S. Courthouse, 701 East Broad Street, Richmond, VA 
        23219 (804) 771-2310.

      Suite 600, 6305 Ivy Lane, Greenbelt, MD 20770 (301) 344-6216.

      Suite 2625, 101 West Lombard Street, Baltimore, MD 21201 (410) 
        962-4300.

  Region V:

      Suite 2110, 400 Poydras Street, New Orleans, LA 70130 (504) 589-
        4018.

      Suite 3196, 300 Fannin Street, Shreveport, LA 71101-3099 (318) 
        676-3456.

      Suite 6-430, 501 East Court Street, Jackson, MS 39201 (601) 965-
        5241.

  Region VI:

      Room 976, 1100 Commerce Street, Dallas, TX 75242 (214) 767-8967.

      Room 300, 110 North College Avenue, Tyler, TX 75702 (903) 590-
        1450.

  Region VII:

      Suite 3516, 515 Rusk Street, Houston, TX 77002 (713) 718-4650.

      Room 230, 903 San Jacinto Blvd, Austin, TX 78701 (512) 916-5328.

      Suite 533, 615 East Houston Street, San Antonio, TX 78205 (210) 
        472-4640.

      Suite 1107, 606 North Carancahua Street, Corpus Christi, TX 78401 
        (361) 888-3261.

  Region VIII:

      Suite 400, 200 Jefferson Avenue, Memphis, TN 38103 (901) 544-3251.

      Suite 512, 601 West Broadway, Louisville, KY 40202 (502) 582-6000.

      Fourth Floor, 31 East 11th Street, Chattanooga, TN 37402 (423) 
        752-5153.

      Suite 318, 701 Broadway, Nashville, TN 37203 (615) 736-2254.

      Suite 500, 100 East Vine Street, Lexington, KY 40507 (859) 233-
        2822.

  Region IX:

      Suite 441, Howard M. Metzenbaum U.S. Courthouse, 201 Superior 
        Avenue East, Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 522-7800.

      Suite 200, Schaff Building, 170 North High Street, Columbus, OH 
        43215-2403 (614) 469-7411.

      Suite 4-812, 550 Main Street, Cincinnati, OH 45202 (513) 684-6988.

      Suite 700, 211 West Fort Street, Detroit, MI 48226 (313) 226-7999.

      Suite 200R, 125 Ottawa Street, Grand Rapids, MI 49503 (616) 456-
        2002.

  Region X:

      Suite 520, 46 E Ohio St. Indianapolis, IN 46204 (317) 226-6101.

      Suite 1100, 401 Main Street, Peoria, IL 61602 (309) 671-7854.

      Room 555, 100 East Wayne Street, South Bend, IN 46601 (574) 236-
        8105.

  Region XI:

      Room 873, 219 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 886-
        5785.

      Suite 430, 517 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53202 (414) 
        297-4499.


[[Page 685]]


      Suite 304, 780 Regent Street, Madison, WI 53715 (608) 264-5522.

  Region XII:

      Suite 280, 111 Seventh Avenue, SE., Cedar Rapids, IA 52401 (319) 
        364-2211.

      Suite 1015, U.S. Courthouse, 300 S. Fourth Street, Minneapolis, MN 
        55415 (612) 334-1350.

      Room 793, 210 Walnut Street, Des Moines, IA 50309-2108 (515) 284-
        4982.

      United States Trustee's Office, U.S. Courthouse, 400 South 
        Phillips Avenue, Sioux Falls, SD 57104-6851 (515) 284-4982.

  Region XIII:

      Suite 3440, 400 East 9th Street, Kansas City, MO 64106-1910 (816) 
        512-1940.

      Suite 6353, 111 South 10th Street, St. Louis, MO 63102 (314) 539-
        2976.

      Suite 1200, 200 West Capitol Avenue, Little Rock, AR 72201-3344 
        (501) 324-7357.

      Suite 1148, 111 South 18th Plaza, Omaha, NE 68102 (402) 221-4300.

  Region XIV:

      Suite 204, 230 North First Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85003 (602) 682-
        2600.

  Region XV:

      Suite 3230, 880 Front Street Third Floor, San Diego, CA 92101-8511 
        (619) 557-5013.

      Suite 602, 1132 Bishop Street, Honolulu, HI 96813-2830 (808) 522-
        8150.

      Suite 130, 108 Hernan Cortez, Sirena Plaza Building, Hagatna, Guam 
        96932 (808) 522-8150.

  Region XVI:

      Suite 1850, 915 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90017 (213) 
        894-6811.

      Suite 7160, 411 West Fourth Street, Santa Ana, CA 92701-8000 (714) 
        338-3400.

      Suite 720, 3801 University Avenue, Riverside, CA 92501 (951) 276-
        6990.

  Region XVII:

      Suite 5-0153, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 5th Floor, San Francisco, CA 
        94102 (415) 705-3300.

      Suite 7-500, U.S. Courthouse, 501 I Street, Sacramento, CA 95814-
        2322 (916) 930-2100.

      Suite 1401, 2500 Tulare Street, Fresno, CA 93721 (559) 487-5002.

      Oakland Office, Suite #05-0153, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 5th Floor, 
        San Francisco, CA 94102 (415) 252-2080.

      Room 4300, 300 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV 89101 
        (702) 388-6600.

      Suite 3009, 300 Booth Street, Reno, NV 89509 (775) 784-5335.

      Room 268, 280 South First Street, San Jose, CA 95113 (408) 535-
        5525.

  Region XVIII:

      Suite 5103, 700 Stewart Street, Seattle, WA 98101 (206) 553-2000.

      Room 315, 1220 SW 3rd Ave, Portland, OR 97204 (503) 326-4000.

      Room 698, 550 West Fort St, Boise, ID 83724 (208) 334-1300.

      Room 593, 920 West Riverside Avenue, Spokane, WA 99201 (509) 353-
        2999.

      Suite 204, 301 Central Avenue, Great Falls, MT 59401 (208) 334-
        1300.

      Suite 201, 605 West 4th Avenue, Anchorage, AK 99501-2252 (206) 
        553-2000.

      Suite 1100, 405 East Eighth Avenue, Eugene, OR 97401 (541) 465-
        6330.

  Region XIX:

      Suite 12-200, Byron G. Rogers Federal Building, 1961 Stout Street, 
        Denver, CO 80294 (303) 312-7230.

      Suite 203, 308 West 21st Street, Cheyenne, WY 82001 (307) 772-
        2790.

      Suite 300, 405 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, UT 84111 (801) 
        524-5734.

  Region XX:

      Suite 1150, Epic Center, 301 North Main Street, Wichita, KS 67202 
        (316) 269-6637.

      Suite 112, 421 Gold Avenue, SW., Albuquerque, NM 87102 (505) 248-
        6544.

      4th Floor, 215 Northwest Dean A. McGee Avenue, Oklahoma City, OK 
        73102 (405) 231-5950.

      Suite 225, 224 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, OK 74103 (918) 581-
        6670.

  Region XXI:

      Room 362, 75 Ted Turner Drive, SW., Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 331-
        4437.


[[Page 686]]


      Suite 301, Edificio Ochoa, 500 Tanca Street, San Juan, PR 00901 
        (787) 729-7444.

      Suite 1204, 51 Southwest First Avenue, Miami, FL 33130 (305) 536-
        7285.

      Suite 725, Johnson Square Business Center, 2 East Bryan Street, 
        Savannah, GA 31401 (912) 652-4112.

      Room 1200, 501 East Polk Street, Tampa, FL 33602 (813) 228-2000.

      Suite 302, 440 Martin Luther King Boulevard, Macon, GA 31201 (478) 
        752-3544.

      Suite 128, 110 East Park Avenue, Tallahassee, FL 32301 (850) 942-
        1660.

      Suite 1101, George C. Young Federal Building and Courthouse, 400 
        West Washington Street, Orlando, FL 32801 (407) 648-6301.

                      FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

                         J. Edgar Hoover Building

          935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20535-0001

                   phone (202) 324-3000, https://fbi.gov

 Director.--Christopher A. Wray, 324-6500.
     Deputy Director.--Paul M. Abbate, 324-3316.
     Associate Deputy Director.--Larissa Knapp, 324-0308.
     Chief of Staff.--Jon Lenzner, 324-6840.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Scott McCulloch, 324-1532.

   OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR / DEPUTY DIRECTOR / ASSOCIATE DEPUTY DIRECTOR

 Office of:
          General Counsel.--Jason A. Jones, 324-6810.
          Congressional Affairs.--Jill C. Tyson, 324-5051.
          Equal Employment Opportunity Affairs.--Vacant, 324-4128.
          Ombudsman.--Vacant, 324-5152.
          Partner Engagement.--George P. Beach II, 324-0498.
          Professional Responsibility.--L. Stuart Platt, 436-7444.
          Public Affairs.--Cathy Milhoan, 324-5354.
     Finance and Facilities Division.--Nicholas Dimos, 324-7343.
     Information Management Division.--Arlene A. Gaylord (540) 678-7400.
     Inspection Division.--Douglas A. Leff, 324-2901.
     Resource Planning Office.--Caroline Otto, 324-2211.

                    INFORMATION AND TECHNOLOGY BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Michael T. Gavin, 324-6165.
     IT Applications and Data Division.--Nathan Taylor, 323-5197.
     IT Infrastructure Division.--Dean Phillips, 324-4507.

              CRIMINAL, CYBER, RESPONSE, AND SERVICES BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Brian Turner, 324-4180.
     Assistant Director of:
          Criminal Investigative Division.--Luis Quesada, 324-4260.
          Critical Incident Response Group.--Paul Haertel (703) 632-
            4101.
          Cyber Division.--Bryan Vorndran, 324-7770.
          International Operations Division.--Vacant, 324-5904.
          Office of Victim Service.--Regina E. Thompson, 324-0417.

                          HUMAN RESOURCES BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Jennifer Leigh Moore, 324-6506.
     Assistant Director of:
          Human Resources Division.--Christine E. O'Neill, 324-3514.
          Security Division.--Douglas Beidler, 203-1702.
          Training and Development Division.--Timothy Dunham (703) 632-
            1100.


[[Page 687]]



                         NATIONAL SECURITY BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Jill Sanborn, 324-7045.
     Assistant Director of:
          Counterintelligence Division.--Alan Kohler, 324-4614.
          Counterterrorism Division.--Timothy Langan Jr., 324-2770.
          Weapons of Mass Destruction Directorate.--Don Alway, 324-4985.

                      SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Darrin Jones, 324-0805.
     Assistant Director of:
          Criminal Justice Information Services Division.--Michael 
            Christman (304) 625-2700.
          Laboratory Division.--Eric Pokorak (703) 632-7002.
          Operational Technology Division.--James ``Robert'' Brown Jr., 
            (703) 985-6010.

                           INTELLIGENCE BRANCH

 Executive Assistant Director.--Ryan Young, 324-7705.
     Assistant Director of Directorate of Intelligence.--Pam Byron, 324-
        7605.

                             FIELD DIVISIONS

 Albany: 200 McCarty Avenue, Albany, NY 12209 (518) 465-7551.
 Albuquerque: 4200 Luecking Park Avenue, NE., Albuquerque, NM 87107 
    (505) 889-1300.
 Anchorage: 101 East 6th Avenue, Anchorage, AK 99501 (907) 276-4441.
 Atlanta: 2635 Century Center Parkway, NE., Suite 400, Atlanta, GA 30345 
    (404) 679-9000.
 Baltimore: 2600 Lord Baltimore Drive, Baltimore, MD 21244 (410) 265-
    8080.
 Birmingham: 1000 18th Street North, Birmingham, AL 35203 (205) 326-
    6166.
 Boston: 201 Maple Street, Chelsea, MA 02150 (857) 386-2000.
 Buffalo: 1 FBI Plaza, Buffalo, NY 14202 (716) 856-7800.
 Charlotte: 7915 Microsoft Way, Charlotte, NC 28273 (704) 672-6100.
 Chicago: 2111 West Roosevelt Road, Chicago, IL 60608-1128 (312) 421-
    6700.
 Cincinnati: 2012 Ronald Reagan Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45236 (513) 421-
    4310.
 Cleveland: 1501 Lakeside Avenue, Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 522-1400.
 Columbia: 151 Westpark Boulevard, Columbia, SC 29210 (803) 551-4200.
 Dallas: J. Gordon Shanklin Building, One Justice Way, Dallas, TX 75220 
    (972) 559-5000.
 Denver: Federal Office Building, 8000 East 36th Avenue, Denver, CO 
    80238 (303) 629-7171.
 Detroit: P.V. McNamara Federal Office Building, 477 Michigan Avenue, 
    26th Floor, Detroit, MI 48226 (313) 965-2323.
 El Paso: 660 South Mesa Hills Drive, Suite 3000, El Paso, TX 79912 
    (915) 832-5000.
 Honolulu: Kalanianaole Federal Office Building, 91-1300 Enterprise 
    Avenue, Honolulu, HI 96850 (808) 566-4300.
 Houston: 1 Justice Park Drive, Houston, TX 77092 (713) 693-5000.
 Indianapolis: Federal Office Building, 8825 Nelson B Klein Parkway, 
    Indianapolis, IN 46250 (317) 595-4000.
 Jackson: Federal Office Building, 1220 Echelon Parkway, Jackson, MS 
    39213 (601) 948-5000.
 Jacksonville: 6061 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32256 (904) 248-7000.
 Kansas City: 1300 Summit, Kansas City, MO 64105 (816) 221-6100.
 Knoxville: John J. Duncan Federal Office Building, 1501 Dowell Springs 
    Boulevard, Knoxville, TN 37909 (865) 544-0751.
 Las Vegas: John Lawrence Bailey Building, 1787 West Lake Mead 
    Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV 89106-2135 (702) 385-1281.
 Little Rock: 24 Shackleford West Boulevard, Little Rock, AR 72211 (501) 
    221-9100.
 Los Angeles: Federal Office Building, 11000 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 
    1700, Los Angeles, CA 90024 (310) 477-6565.
 Louisville: 12401 Sycamore Station Place, Louisville, KY 40299 (502) 
    263-6000.
 Memphis: Eagle Crest Building, 225 North Humphreys Boulevard, Suite 
    3000, Memphis, TN 38120 (901) 747-4300.
 Miami: 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue, Miami, FL 33027 (754) 703-2000.
 Milwaukee: 3600 South Lake Drive, Milwaukee, WI 53235 (414) 276-4684.
 Minneapolis: 1501 Freeway Boulevard, Brooklyn Center, MN 55430 (763) 
    569-8000.

[[Page 688]]

 Mobile: 200 North Royal Street, Mobile, AL 36602 (251) 438-3674.
 New Haven: 600 State Street, New Haven, CT 06511 (203) 777-6311.
 New Orleans: 2901 Leon C. Simon Boulevard, New Orleans, LA 70126 (504) 
    816-300.
 New York: 26 Federal Plaza, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10278 (212) 384-
    1000.
 Newark: Claremont Tower Building, 11 Centre Place, Newark, NJ 07102 
    (973) 792-3000.
 Norfolk: 509 Resource Road, Chesapeake Beach, VA 23320 (757) 455-0100.
 Oklahoma City: 3301 West Memorial, Oklahoma City, OK 73134 (405) 290-
    7770.
 Omaha: 4411 South 121st Court, Omaha, NE 68137 (402) 493-8688.
 Philadelphia: William J. Green, Jr. Federal Office Building, 600 Arch 
    Street, 8th Floor, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 418-4000.
 Phoenix: 21711 North 7th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85024 (623) 466-1999.
 Pittsburgh: Martha Dixon Building, 3311 East Carson Street, Pittsburgh, 
    PA 15203 (412) 432-4000.
 Portland: 9109 Northeast Cascades Parkway, Portland, OR 97220 (503) 
    224-4181.
 Richmond: 1970 East Parham Road, Richmond, VA 23228 (804) 261-1044.
 Sacramento: 2001 Freedom Way, Roseville, CA 95678 (916) 746-7000.
 Salt Lake City: 5425 West Amelia Earhart Drive, Salt Lake City, UT 
    84116 (801) 579-1400.
 San Antonio: 5740 University Heights Boulevard, San Antonio, TX 78249 
    (210) 225-6741.
 San Diego: Federal Office Building, 10385 Vista Sorrento Parkway, San 
    Diego, CA 92121 (858) 320-1800.
 San Francisco: 450 Golden Gate Avenue, 13th Floor, San Francisco, CA 
    64102 (415) 553-7400.
 San Juan: U.S. Federal Office Building, 150 Carlos East Chardon Avenue, 
    Room 526, Hato Rey, PR 00918 (787) 754-6000.
 Seattle: 1110 3rd Avenue, Seattle, WA 98101 (206) 622-0460.
 Springfield: 900 East Linton Avenue, Springfield, IL 62703 (217) 522-
    9675.
 St. Louis: 2222 Market Street, St. Louis, MO 63103 (314) 231-4324.
 Tampa: 5525 West Gray Street, Tampa, FL 33609 (813) 253-1000.
 Washington, DC: 601 4th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20535 (202) 278-
    2000.

                      FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS (BOP)

                320 First Street, NW., Washington, DC 20534

                 General Information Number (202) 307-3198

 Director.--Michael Carvajal, Room 654, HOLC, 307-3250.
     Deputy Director.--Gene Beasley, Room 654, HOLC, 307-3250.
     Director, National Institute of Corrections.--Shaina Vanek 
        (acting), 3rd Floor, 901 D Street, S.W., 514-4202.
     Assistant Director of:
          Administration.--Lisa Ward, 901 D Street, SW., 307-3230.
          Correctional Programs.--Catricia Howard, Room 554, HOLC, 307-
            3226.
          Federal Prison Industries.--Patrick T. O'Connor, 8th Floor, 
            400 FRST, 305-3501.
          General Counsel.--James Wills (acting), Room 958C, HOLC, 307-
            3062.
          Health Services.--RADM Chris Bina (acting), Room 454, HOLC, 
            307-3055.
          Human Resources Management.--L. Cristina Griffith, Room 754, 
            HOLC, 307-3082.
          Information, Policy, and Public Affairs.--Sonya D. Thompson, 
            Room 670, HOLC, 514-6537.
          Program Review.--Louis Milusnic, Room 1054, HOLC, 307-1076.
     Regional Director for--
          Mid-Atlantic.--James Petrucci (301) 317-3101.
          North Central.--Andre Matevousian (913) 551-1000.
          Northeast.--Shawn Grant (acting) (215) 521-7300.
          South Central.--Heriberto Tellez (972) 730-8800.
          Southeast.--William Lothrop (678) 686-1200.
          Western.--Melissa Rios (209) 956-9700.
     Telephone Directory Coordinator.--Marla Clayton, 307-3250.

                   FOREIGN CLAIMS SETTLEMENT COMMISSION

                 Government Accountability Office Building

            441 G Street, NW., Room 6232, Washington, DC 20579

                           phone (202) 616-6975

 Chair.--Vacant.

[[Page 689]]

     Commissioners: Sylvia M. Becker, Patrick Hovakimian.
     Chief Counsel.--Brian M. Simkin.
     Chief Administrative Counsel.--Jeremy R. LaFrancois.

                       OFFICE OF INFORMATION POLICY

            441 G Street, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-3642

 Director.--Bobby Talebian.
     Chief of Staff.--Sean O'Neill.

                      OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 4706, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-3435

 Inspector General.--Michael E. Horowitz.
     Deputy Inspector General.--William M. Blier.
     Senior Counsels to the Inspector General: Erin Aslan, John 
        Lavinsky, Adam Miles, Karen Rich.
     General Counsel.--Jonathan M. Malis (RFK), Suite 4726, 616-0646.
     Assistant Inspectors General:
          Audit.--Jason R. Malmstrom (4CON), 12th Floor, 616-1697.
          Evaluations and Inspections.--Rene Lee (4CON), 11th Floor, 
            616-4620.
          Information Technology Division.--Vacant. (4CON), 11th Floor, 
            305-0588.
          Investigations.--Sarah Lake (4CON), 12th Floor, 616-4760.
          Management and Planning.--Gregory Peters (4CON), 11th Floor, 
            616-4558.
          Oversight and Review.--M. Sean O'Neill (4CON), 12th Floor, 
            616-0645.

                          REGIONAL AUDIT OFFICES


  Atlanta: B. Allen Wood, 75 Ted Turner Drive, Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 
    331-3399.

  Chicago: Carol Taraszka, 500 West Madison Street, Chicago, IL 60661 
    (312) 353-8913.

  Denver: Vacant, 1120 Lincoln Street, Denver, CO 80203 (303) 335-4001.

  Philadelphia: Thomas Puerzer, 701 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 
    19106 (215) 717-2963.

  San Francisco: David Gaschke, 90 7th Street, San Francisco, CA (415) 
    355-2705.

  Washington: John Manning, 1401 S. Clark Street, Arlington, VA (703) 
    413-1814.

     Office of Data Analytics: Kevin Strug (2CON), 10th Floor, (202) 
        616-6195.

     Computer Security and Information Technology Audit Office: Reginald 
        Allen (4CON), 12th Floor, (202) 305-0525.

     Financial Statement Audit Office: Kelly McFadden (4CON), 12th 
        Floor, (202) 616-4642.

                     REGIONAL INVESTIGATIONS OFFICES

  Atlanta: Eric Fehlman, 60 Forsyth Street, SW, Atlanta, GA 30303 (404) 
    588-3867.

  Boston: Daniel Benedict, 1 Courthouse Way, Boston, MA 02210 (212) 908-
    9042.

  Chicago: William Hannah, 500 W. Madison, Chicago, IL 60690 (312) 886-
    7050.

  Denver: Douglas Bruce, 1120 Lincoln Street, Denver, CO 80203 (303) 
    335-4201.

  Dallas: Cloey Pierce, 2505 State Highway 360, Grand Prairie, TX 75050 
    (817) 385-5200.

  Detroit: Matthew Nutt, 211 West Fort Street, Detroit, MI 48226 (313) 
    261-8596.

  El Paso: Kyle Kroesser, 4050 Rio Bravo, El Paso, TX 79902 (915) 745-
    1657.

  Houston: Vacant, 701 San Jacinto, Houston, TX 77052 (713) 718-4888.

  Los Angeles: Zachary Shroyer, 330 North Brand Street, Glendale, CA 
    91203 (818) 863-1905.

  Miami: James Boyersmith, 510 Shotgun Road, Sunrise, FL 33326 (954) 
    496-8194.

  New York: Ryan Geach, 1 Battery Park Plaza, New York, NY 10004 (212) 
    908-9025.

  New Jersey: Todd McHale, 50 W. State Street, Trenton, NJ 08628 (609) 
    989-2693.

  San Francisco: Vacant, 90 7th Street, San Francisco, CA (202) 616-
    4760.

  Tucson: Warren Gilpin, 405 West Congress, Tucson, AZ 85701 (520) 620-
    7390.


[[Page 690]]


  Washington: Russell Cunningham, 1401 S. Clark Street, Arlington, VA 
    (703) 413-1839.

     Cyber Investigations Office.--Keith Bonanno, 1401 S. Clark Street, 
        Arlington, VA (703) 413-1856.

     Fraud Detection Office.--D. Nichole Fleming, 1401 S. Clark Street, 
        Arlington, VA (703) 413-1874.

            INTERPOL WASHINGTON (U.S. NATIONAL CENTRAL BUREAU)

                           phone (202) 616-9000

 Director.--Michael Hughes, 616-1071.
     Deputy Director.--Marc Zimmerman, 903-9601.
     General Counsel.--Kevin Smith, 616-4103.
     Public and Congressional Affairs Officer.--Christie Dawson, 305-
        8602.

                        JUSTICE MANAGEMENT DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

   145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20530 (2CON)

    Liberty Square Building, 450 5th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001 
                                  (LSB)

 Assistant Attorney General for Administration.--Lee J. Lofthus, Room 
    1111 (202) 514-3101.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Policy, Management and 
        Planning.--Arthur E. Gary, Room 1113, 514-3101.
     Staff Directors:
          Departmental Ethics Office.--Cindy Shaw (2CON), Room 8E.310, 
            514-8196.
          Facilities and Administrative Services Staff.--Scott Snell 
            (2CON), Room 9E.204, 616-2995.
          Office of the General Counsel.--Morton Posner (2CON), Room 
            8E.528, 514-3452.
          Internal Review and Evaluation Office.--Neil Ryder (2CON), 
            Room 8W.1419, 616-5499.
          Procurement Services Staff.--Thomas Naccarato, Room 8E.202, 
            307-2000.
          Office of Records Management Policy.--Jeanette Plante (2CON), 
            Room 8W.1401, 514-3528.
          Office of Acquisition Management.--Tara Jamison (2CON), Room 
            8W.210, 616-3754.
          Senior Procurement Executive.--Arthur E. Gary, Room 1113, 514-
            3101.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General / Controller.--Jolene Lauria, 
        Room 1117, 514-1843.
     Staff Directors:
          Asset Forfeiture Management.--Peter Maxey (2CON), Room 5W.725, 
            616-8000.
          Budget Staff.--Linda Smith, Room 2732, 514-4082.
          Debt Collection Management.--Dennis Dauphin (2CON), Room 
            5E.103, 514-5343.
          Finance Staff.--Chris Alvarez (2CON), Room 7E.202, 616-5800.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Human Resources and 
        Administration.--Catherine Emerson, Room 1112, 514-5501.
     Staff Directors:
          Attorney Recruitment and Management Office.--Eleanor Carpenter 
            (LSB), Suite 10200, 514-3905.
          Consolidated Executive Office.--Cyntoria Carter, Room 7113, 
            514-5537.
          DOJ Executive Secretariat.--Dana Paige, Room 4412, 514-2063.
          Equal Employment Opportunity.--Richard Toscano (2CON), Room 
            1W.102, 616-4800.
          Human Resources Staff.--Valarie Mulcahey (acting) (2CON), Room 
            9W.102, 514-6788.
          Library.--Dennis Feldt, Room 7535, 514-2133.
          Security and Emergency Planning Staff.--James Dunlap, Room 
            6217, 514-2094.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Information Resources Management 
        / CIO.--Melinda Rogers, Room 1310-A, 514-0507.
     Deputy Chief Information Officer.--Kevin Cox, Room 1310, 514-7017.
     Staff Directors:
          Cyber Security Services Staff.--Vu Nguyen (2CON), Room 4E.101, 
            514-0778.
          Policy and Planning.--Matt Roper (2CON), Room 7E.206, 353-
            5932.
          Service Delivery Staff.--Dwayne Spriggs (2CON), Room 4W.701, 
            305-9673.


[[Page 691]]



                     OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS (OJP)

                 810 7th Street, NW., Washington, DC 20531

                 OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL

 Assistant Attorney General.--Vacant (202) 307-5933.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Katherine T. 
        Sullivan, 307-5933.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Maureen Henneberg, 307-5933.
     Manager, Equal Employment Opportunity.--Laura Colon-Marrero, 616-
        1998.

                       BUREAU OF JUSTICE ASSISTANCE

 Director.--Kristen Mahoney, 616-6500.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Kristen Mahoney, 616-6500.
     Deputy Director of Policy.--Vacant.
     Deputy Director of Programs.--Vacant.

                       BUREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS

 Director.--Doris James (acting) (202) 307-0765.
     Principal Deputy Director, Statistical Operations.--Vacant, 307-
        0765.
     Deputy Director.--Doris James, 307-0765.

                      NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF JUSTICE

 Director.--Jennifer Scherer (acting) (202) 307-2942.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Jennifer Scherer, 307-2942.

          OFFICE OF JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION

 Administrator.--Chyrl Y. Jones (acting) (202) 307-5911.
     Deputy Administrator.--Chyrl Y. Jones, 307-5911.

                       OFFICE FOR VICTIMS OF CRIME

 Director.--Kristina Rose, 307-5983.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Vacant.

      OFFICE OF SEX OFFENDER SENTENCING, MONITORING, APPREHENDING, 
                        REGISTERING, AND TRACKING

 Director.--Dawn Doran (acting), 514-4689.
     Deputy Director.--Dawn Doran, 514-4689.

                         OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATION

 Director.--Phillip K. Merkle, 307-0087.
     Deputy Director, Division of:
          Acquisition Management.--Christopher Henshaw, 307-0087.
          Business Resources.--Angela Noel Gantt, 305-8006.
          Human Resources.--Jennifer McCarthy, 307-0730.

               OFFICE OF AUDIT, ASSESSMENT, AND MANAGEMENT

 Director.--Ralph Martin, 305-1802.
     Deputy Director, Division of:
          Audit and Review Division.--Jeff Haley, 616-2936.
          Grants Management Division.--Maria Swineford, 616-0109.
          Program Assessment Division.--Jeff Slowikowski, 616-3646.

                  OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 Chief Financial Officer.--Rachel Johnson (acting), 307-0623.

[[Page 692]]

     Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Rachel Johnson, 307-0623.

                 OFFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

 Chief Information Officer.--David Todd (acting), 305-9071.
     Deputy Chief Information Officer.--Vacant.

                         OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS

 Director.--Michael Alston, 307-0690.
     Deputy Directors: Oneshia Herring, 307-0690; Allesandro Terenzoni, 
        307-0690.

                         OFFICE OF COMMUNICATIONS

 Director.--Phillip K. Merkle (acting), 307-0703.
     Deputy Director, Division of:
          Communications Services Coordination.--Sharon Williams, 307-
            0703.
          Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs.--Adam Spector, 
            307-0703.
          Public Affairs.--Chuck Wagner, 307-0703.

                      OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL

 General Counsel.--Rafael A. Madan, 307-6235.
     Deputy General Counsel: Rosemary Carradini, 307-0790; Rhonda Craig, 
        307-0790; Charlotte Grzebien, 307-0790; Matthew Scodellaro, 307-
        0790.

                          OFFICE OF LEGAL COUNSEL

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 5218, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2051

 Assistant Attorney General.--Christopher H. Schroeder, Room 5216, 514-
    9700.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Dawn E. Johnsen, Room 
        5222, 514-3248.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Trisha Anderson, Room 5236, 
        514-4089; Bradley Garcia, Room 5234, 514-4132; Martin Lederman, 
        Room 5229, 305-8521.
     Special Counsel: Paul P. Colborn, Room 5240, 514-2048; Rosemary 
        Hart, Room 5242, 514-2027.
     Executive Officer.--Valerie Hall Yancey, Room 5142, 514-3957.

                          OFFICE OF LEGAL POLICY

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 4234, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-4601

 Assistant Attorney General.--Hampton Y. Dellinger, Room 4230, 514-0624.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Vacant, Room 4238, 
        514-6131.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Susan M. Davies, Room 4229, 
        307-6205; Kevin Jones, Room 4248, 514-4604; Robyn Thiemann, Room 
        4237, 514-8356; Michael Zubrensky, Room 4240, 514-2456; Laurence 
        Rothenberg, Room 4245, 514-3116.
     Chief of Staff.--Jacqueline Snead, Room 4228, 307-3024.
     Executive Officer.--Matrina Matthews, Room 4517, 616-0040.

                    OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS (OLA)

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 1145, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2141

 Assistant Attorney General.--Carlos F. Uriarte.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Peter S. Hyun.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Joe Gaeta.
     Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Wintta M. Woldemariam.
     Chief of Staff and Senior Counsel.--Christina Calce.


[[Page 693]]



                        NATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 7339, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-1057

 Assistant Attorney General.--Matt G. Olsen.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff.--Vacant.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General: Adam Hickey, Melissa MacTough, 
        George Toscas, Brad Wiegmann.
     Executive Officer.--Scott Damelin.

              COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND EXPORT CONTROL SECTION

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 233-0986

 Chief.--Jay Bratt.

                         COUNTERTERRORISM SECTION

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-0849

 Chief.--Matt Blue.

                    FOREIGN INVESTMENT REVIEW SECTION

                 175 N Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001

                           phone (202) 622-1860

 Chief.--Devin DeBacker.

                          OFFICE OF INTELLIGENCE

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-5600

 Chief, Litigation.--Alan Fisher.
     Chief, Operations.--Gabrielle Sanz-Rexach.
     Chief, Oversight.--Kevin O'Connor.

                         OFFICE OF LAW AND POLICY

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 353-4542

 Chief, Policy.--Chris Hardee.
     Chief, Appellate.--Steven Dunne.

           OFFICE OF JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF OVERSEAS TERRORISM

                 175 N Street, NW., Washington, DC 20001

                           phone (202) 233-0701

 Director.--Andria Kerney.

                       OFFICE OF THE PARDON ATTORNEY

      145 N Street, NE., 2 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 616-6070

 Pardon Attorney.--Vacant.

[[Page 694]]

     Deputy Pardon Attorney.--Rosalind Sargent-Burns.
     Executive Officer.--William Taylor II.

                   OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 3266, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-3365

 Counsel.--Jeffrey Ragsdale.
     Deputy Counsel.--Suzanne Drouet.
     Senior Associate Counsel.--William J. Birney.
     Senior Associate Counsel.--Margaret McCarty.
     Executive Officer.--Jennifer La Point.

                PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY ADVISORY OFFICE

              1425 New York Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-0458

 Director.--Stacy M. Ludwig.
     Deputy Director.--Benjamin K. Grimes.

                         OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

       950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Room 1220, Washington, DC 20530

                           phone (202) 514-2007

 Director.--Anthony D. Coley.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Dena Iverson.
     Deputy Director.--Wyn Hornbuckle.

                               TAX DIVISION

         950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20530 (RFK)

    Judiciary Center Building, 555 Fourth Street, NW., Washington, DC 
                               20001 (JCB)

   Maxus Energy Tower, 7717 North Harwood Street, Suite 400, Dallas, TX 
                               75242 (MAX)

   145 M Street, NE., 4 Constitution Square, Washington, DC 20002 (4CON)

 Assistant Attorney General.--Vacant (RFK), Room 4137 (202) 514-2901.
     Deputy Assistant Attorneys General:
          Appellate and Review.--Vacant (RFK), Room 4607, 514-2901.
          Civil Matters.--David A. Hubbert (RFK), Room 4137, 514-2901.
          Criminal Matters.--Stuart Goldberg (acting), (RFK), Room 4603, 
            514-2901.
          Policy and Planning.--Vacant (RFK), Room 4611, 514-2901.
          Senior Counselor to the AAG.--Stuart Goldberg (RFK), Room 
            4607, 514-2901.
          Senior Counsel.--Eileen M. Shatz (RFK), Room 4134, 307-6419.
     Section Chief, Appellate.--Francesca Ugolini (RFK), Room 4326, 514-
        3361.
     Section Chief, Office of Review.--Vacant (1CON), Room 11214, 514-
        6567.
     Civil Trial Section Chiefs:
          Central Region.--R. Scott Clarke (1CON), Room 10722, 514-6502.
          Court of Federal Claims.--David I. Pincus (1CON), Room 9802, 
            307-6440.
          Eastern Region.--Deborah S. Meland (1CON), Room 10802, 307-
            6426.
          Northern Region.--David M. Katinsky (1CON), Room 9722, 307-
            6435.
          Southern Region.--Angelo A. Frattarelli (1CON), Room 10240, 
            307-6612.
          Southwestern Region.--Cynthia Messersmith (MAX), Suite 400 
            (214) 880-9721.
          Western Region.--Richard R. Ward (1CON), Room 9202, 307-6413.
     Criminal Enforcement Section Chiefs:
          Northern Region.--Jason Poole (4CON), Room 1.1101, 514-0302.
          Southern Region.--Karen Kelly (4CON), Room 1.903, 616-3864.
          Western Region.--Larry J. Wszalek (4CON), Room 2.101, 514-
            5762.
     Criminal Appeals and Tax Enforcement Policy.--S. Robert ``Bob'' 
        Lyons (4CON), Room 2.220, 514-2839.

[[Page 695]]

     Executive Officer.--Robert L. Bruffy (4CON), Room 1.1629, 616-8412.

                   UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE (USMS)

                           Washington, DC 22202

                   Communications Center (202) 307-9100

 Director.--Ronald L. Davis (703) 740-1600.
     Deputy Director.--Jeffrey Tyler, 740-1600.
     Chief of Staff.--John Kilgallon, 740-1675.
     Chief of District Affairs.--Jaime Galindo (acting), 740-1664.
     Associate Director for Operations.--Roberto Robinson, 740-1618.
     Associate Director for Administration.--Donald O'Hearn, 740-9090.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Holley O'Brien, 740-1646.

                      OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL

 General Counsel.--Lisa Dickinson.
     Deputy General Counsel.--Leah Taylor.

                  OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY

 Assistant Director.--Heather Walker-Wright.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Ronald Carter.

                  OFFICE OF EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

 Equal Employment Opportunity Officer.--Marcus Williams.

                OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS

 Chief.--William Delaney.
     Chief.--Drew Wade.

                        JUDICIAL SECURITY DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Robert Brandt.
     Deputy Assistant Directors: Elizabeth Buck, Tim Hughes.

                    INVESTIGATIVE OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Richard Kelly.
     Deputy Assistant Directors: Henry Geberth, Denise Sanchez (acting).

                       PRISONER OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--John ``Jack'' Sheehan.
     Deputy Assistant Directors: Paul Detar, Aaron Sawyer.

         JUSTICE PRISONER AND ALIEN TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM (JPATS)

   1251 Northwest Briar Cliff Parkway, Suite 300, Kansas City, MO 64116

 Assistant Director.--Shannon Brown.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Harry Little.

                        WITNESS SECURITY DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Mark Pittella.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Michael ``Shayne'' Williams.

                       TACTICAL OPERATIONS DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Peter Marketos (acting).

[[Page 696]]

     Deputy Assistant Director.--Janelle Hohnke (acting).

                       FINANCIAL SERVICES DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Amanda Peterson.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Mary Ellen Kline.

                          OFFICE OF PROCUREMENT

 Procurement Executive.--Carole O'Brien.

                            TRAINING DIVISION

  Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, Building 20, Glynco, GA 31524

 Assistant Director.--Brent Broshow.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Matt Hershey.

                         HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Dianne Campbell.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Beth Brown-Ghee.

                     INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Karl Mathias.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Gwendolyn Miller.

                       MANAGEMENT SUPPORT DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Jeffrey Smith.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Jim Murphy.

                        ASSET FORFEITURE DIVISION

 Assistant Director.--Timothy Virtue.
     Deputy Assistant Director.--Pam Bass.

                          U.S. PAROLE COMMISSION

             90 K Street, NE., 3rd Floor, Washington, DC 20530

                 phone (202) 346-7000, fax (202) 357-1085

 Chair.--Patricia K. Cushwa (acting).
              Staff Assistant to the Chair.--Jacquelyn E. Graham.
     Vice Chair.--Charles T. Massarone (acting).
     Commissioners: Patricia K. Cushwa, Charles T. Massarone.
     Chief of Staff.--Stephen J. Husk (acting).
     Case Operations Administrator.--Stephen J. Husk.
     Case Services Administrator.--Deirdre M. McDaniel.
     General Counsel.--Helen H. Krapels.
     Executive Officer.--Zelia M. Carter.

                      OFFICE OF TRIBAL JUSTICE (OTJ)

      950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Suite 2318, Washington, DC 20530

                 phone (202) 514-8812, fax (202) 514-9078

 Director.--Tracey Toulou, 514-5994.
     Deputy Director.--Gina Allery, 305-0261.
     Chief of Staff.--Jeanne Jacobs, 514-8835.
     Staff Assistant.--Martin Earring, 353-3961.


[[Page 697]]



                  OFFICE ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN (OVW)

          145 N Street, NE., Suite 10W.121, Washington, DC 20530

 Director.--Allison Randall (acting) (202) 307-6026.
     Principal Deputy Director.--Allison Randall.
     General Counsel.--Jennifer E. Kaplan.
     Deputy Director, Tribal Affairs.--Sherriann C. Moore.
     Deputy Director, Grant Development and Management.--Nadine M. 
        Neufville.
     Executive Officer.--Sybil N. Barksdale.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Veronica Hall-Thompson.

[[Page 698]]


