

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 471-477]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE HOUSE

                           OFFICE OF THE SPEAKER

              H-232 The Capitol, phone 225-0600, fax 225-4188

                            https://speaker.gov

 Office of the Speaker.--Hon. Nancy Pelosi.
     Chief of Staff.--Terri McCullough.
     Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Diane Dewhirst, Drew Hammill, George 
        Kundanis.
     Director of Operations.--Emily Berret.
     Special Assistant to the Speaker.--Alisa La.
     Special Assistant to the Executive Office.--Steph Wong.
     Director of Scheduling and Advance.--Kelsey Smith.
     Deputy Director of Scheduling and Advance.--Nathaniel Holmes.
     Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Savanna Polzin.
     Scheduling and Advance Coordinator.--Shane Smith.
     Policy Director.--Dick Meltzer.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Michael Tecklenburg, Kenneth DeGraff, 
        Katherine Monge, Wyndee Parker, Wendell Primus, Jaime Lizarraga, 
        Patricia Ross.
     Senior Communications and Policy Advisor.--Margaret Capron.
     Policy Associate.--Sarah Swig.
     Director of Member Services.-- Michael Long.
     Member Services Staff Assistant.--Samuel Iacobellis.
     Director of Interparliamentary Affairs.--Kate Knudson.
     Deputy Director of Protocol and Special Events.--Kristina Jeter.
     Protocol Associate.--Claudia Marconi.
     IT Director.--Wil Haynes, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
     Deputy IT Director.--Kamilah Keita, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
     Director of Outreach.--Reva Price.
     Outreach Advisor.--Matthew Ramirez.
     Staff Assistant.--Montana Miller.

                          SPEAKER'S PRESS OFFICE

                    H-2132 The Capitol, phone 226-7616

 Deputy Chief of Staff.--Drew Hammill.
     Communications Director.--Ashley Etienne.
     Deputy Communications Director.--Henry Connelly.
     Senior Advisor.--Jesse Lee.

                       OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY LEADER

              H-107 The Capitol, phone 225-3130, fax 226-0663

 Majority Leader.--Steny H. Hoyer.
     Chief of Staff.--Alexis Covey-Brandt.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Brian Romick.
     Director of Legislative Operations.--Shuwanza Goff.
     Deputy Floor Director.--Ray Salazar.
     Floor Assistant.--Deborah Rowe.
     Director of Member Services.--Courtney Fry.
     Deputy Director of Member Services and Outreach Advisor.--Claudia 
        Urrabazo.
     Communications Director.--Katie Grant.
     Deputy Communications Director.--Mariel Saez.

[[Page 472]]

     Press and Research Assistant.--Myra Valentine.
     Speechwriter.--Adam Weissmann.
     Policy Director.--Tom Mahr.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Keith Abouchar, Trent Bauserman, James 
        Leuschen, Daniel Silverberg, Rachel Snyder.
     Senior Advisor.--Julie Merz.
     Executive Assistant / Office Manager.--Jake Bayer.
     Director of Scheduling.--Bridget Brennan.
     Special Assistant.--Jacob Trauberman.
     Digital Director and Policy Advisor.--Steve Dwyer.
     Staff Assistants: Harleigh Bean, Michael Spak.

                        OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY WHIP

                     H-329 The Capitol, phone 226-3210

                         https://majoritywhip.gov

 Majority Whip.--James E. Clyburn.
     Chief of Staff.--Yelberton R. Watkins.
     Communications Director.--Hope Derrick.
     Deputy Communications Director.--Ryan Daniels.
     Digital Director.--Morgan Butler.
     Policy Director.--Wintta Woldemariam.
     Deputy Policy Director.--Matthew Ellison.
     Senior Advisors: Michael Hacker, Lindy Kelly.
     Floor Director.--Craig Link.
     Deputy Floor Directors: Nd Ubezonu, Jessica Vallejo.
     Technology Director.--Tamika Mason.

                      OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SPEAKER

              H-132 The Capitol, phone 225-2020, fax 225-5117

 Assistant Speaker of the House of Representatives.--Katherine Clark.
     Chief of Staff.--Angela Ramirez.
     Communications Director.--Lauren French.
     Member Services Director.--Hans Goff.
     Senior Advisors: Ashley Jones, Carlos Sanchez.

              OFFICE OF THE SENIOR CHIEF DEPUTY MAJORITY WHIP

            2367 Rayburn House Office Building, phone 225-2111

 Senior Chief Deputy Majority Whip.--Janice D. Schakowsky.
     Legislative Director.--Syd Terry.

                      OFFICE OF THE REPUBLICAN LEADER

              H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-4000, fax 225-0781

                       https://republicanleader.gov

 Republican Leader.--Kevin McCarthy.
     Chief of Staff.--Dan Meyer.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--James Min.
     Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy.--Will Dunham.
     Deputy Chief of Staff for Member Services.--Natalie Joyce.
     Head of Communications.--Matthew Sparks.
     Digital Communications Director.--Caleb Smith.
     Director of Floor Operations.--John Leganski.
     General Counsel.--Machalagh Carr.
     Director of Operations and Scheduling.--Alexandra Gourdikian.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Emily Domenech, Steven Giaier, Katherine 
        Meyer, Brittan Specht.

[[Page 473]]

     Communications Director.--Michele Exner.
     Director of Strategic Communications and Spokesman.--Mark Bednar.
     California Press Secretary.--Brittany Martinez.
     Media Affairs Advisor.--Christina Cameron.
     Deputy Floor Director.--Christopher Bien.
     Cloakroom Floor Director.--Ryan O'Toole.
     Cloakroom Floor Assistant.--Sarah Coyle.
     Floor Assistant.--Cullen Murphy.
     Deputy Member Services Director.--Max Engling.
     Member Services Coordinator.--Allie Humes.
     Speechwriter.--Charles Correll.
     National Security Advisor.--Luke Murry.
     Policy Advisor.--Preston Hill.
     Communications Advisor.--Hanna Bogorowski.
     Digital Communications Advisor.--Keenan Hochschild.
     Communications Aide.--Zachary Houston.
     Scheduler.--Lee Bonner.
     Special Assistant to the Leader.--Jack Rosemond.
     Staff Assistants: Savannah Chaffee, Jordan Dayer.

                       OFFICE OF THE REPUBLICAN WHIP

                     H-148 The Capitol, phone 225-0197

 Republican Whip.--Steve Scalise.
     Chief of Staff.--Brett Horton.
     Chief Deputy Whip.--A. Drew Ferguson IV.
     Chief of Staff to the Chief Deputy Whip.--Bobby Saparow.
     Policy Director.--Bill Hughes.
     Member Services Director.--Bart Reising.
     Floor Director.--Ben Napier.
     Communications Director.--Lauren Fine.
     Digital Director.--Michael Comer.
     Director of Operations.--Ellen Gosnell.
     Deputy Policy Director.--Marty Reiser.
     Deputy Floor Director.--Annie Wolf.
     Counsel.--Jeff Wieand.
     Policy Advisor.--Dan Sadlosky.
     Coalitions Coordinator.--Eric Schmitz.
     Floor Assistant.--Dennis Nalls.
     Speechwriter.--Sean Satterthwaite.
     Scheduler.--Jacqueline Battaglia.
     Special Assistant.--John Clarke.
     Staff Assistants: Robyn Krieger, Chase Walker.

                            OFFICE OF THE CLERK

                     H-154 The Capitol, phone 225-7000

     CHERYL L. JOHNSON, Clerk of the House of Representatives; Cheryl L. 
Johnson was sworn in as Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives for 
the 116th Congress by Speaker Nancy Pelosi on February 25, 2019. Ms. 
Johnson is the 36th individual to serve as Clerk.
     Before becoming Clerk, Ms. Johnson worked for nearly 20 years in 
the House followed by 10 years at the Smithsonian Institution. Most 
recently, Ms. Johnson served as Director of the Smithsonian's Office of 
Government Relations. In that role, she worked with Smithsonian 
leadership and the Board of Regents to build and maintain strong 
relationships with Congress, specifically with the congressional 
committees with jurisdiction over Smithsonian programs and 
appropriations. She also developed strategic legislative objectives, 
policies, and funding opportunities for the Smithsonian.
     In her time on Capitol Hill, Ms. Johnson was the Chief Education 
and Investigative Counsel for the House Committee on Education and the 
Workforce, where she served as a principal policy advisor and 
spokesperson for the Committee. Ms. Johnson also served as Director and 
Counsel for the Committee on House Administration's Subcommittee on 
Libraries and Memorials. In this capacity, she worked with the 
Subcommittee chair to exercise oversight and legislative responsibility 
over the Library of Congress and the Smithsonian.

[[Page 474]]

     Ms. Johnson earned her bachelor's degree in journalism and mass 
communication from the University of Iowa and her law degree from Howard 
University. She is also a graduate of the senior management program at 
Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. Born in New 
Orleans, she lives with her husband and son in Chevy Chase, Maryland.

 Clerk.--Cheryl Johnson.
     Deputy Clerks: Gloria Lett, Robert F. Reeves.
     Chief of: 
          Legislative Computer Systems.--Scott Kim, 2401 RHOB, 225-1182.
          Legislative Operations.--Kevin McCumber, HT-13, 225-7925.
          Legislative Resource Center.--Ronald Dale Thomas, B-81 CHOB, 
            226-5200.
          Art and Archives.--Farar Elliott, Thomas Jefferson Bldg.--
            Attic, 226-1300.
          Communications.--Catherine Cooke, 293 CHOB, 225-1908.
     House Employment Counsel.--Ann Rogers, 4300 OFOB, 225-7075.
     Official Reporter.--Damien Jackson, HT-59, The Capitol, 225-5621.

                       CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

                     HB-28 The Capitol, phone 225-5555

     CATHERINE SZPINDOR, Chief Administrative Officer, House of 
Representatives; an experienced executive with demonstrated success in 
leading organizational change and innovation to improve business 
operations and customer service. Most recently, Catherine Szpindor 
served as the Chief Information Officer for the House of Representatives 
from December 2015 to December 2020. Catherine joined the House in 2011 
as the Director of Enterprise Applications and then was promoted to 
Deputy CIO and ``Acting CIO'' prior to her latest position. During her 
time at the House, Catherine directed improvements to technology 
infrastructure and applications, adoption of Cloud technologies, and the 
implementation of collaboration and conferencing tools in support of 
remote working during the Covid-19 crisis. She has an extensive career 
in information technology. Prior to working at the House, Szpindor 
served as Vice President of IT for Thomas Nelson Community College. She 
also worked for many years as Vice President of Information Technology 
for Nextel, Sprint, and Sprint / Nextel. When asked how she has 
differentiated herself in the field of Science, Technology, Engineering 
and Mathematics (STEM) that is dominated by men, she stated, ``I just 
took on each job, determined to do my best, and made decisions for my 
team and the organization that would improve technology services and 
products. I was never afraid to express my opinions and ideas, and then 
justify them.'' Szpindor holds a master's degree in information systems 
from Mercer University's Stetson School of Business and Economics and 
has a certificate in strategy and innovation from the Sloan School of 
Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a 
certificate in strategic business leadership from Georgetown University.

 Chief Administrative Officer.--Catherine Szpindor.
     Deputy Chief Administrative Officers: Anne Binsted, John Clocker, 
        Lisa Sherman, HB-28, The Capitol.
     Chief Customer Officer.--Richard Cappetto, B-227, OHOB.
     Chief Financial Officer.--Leonard Puzzuoli, 3140, OHOB.
     Chief Human Resources Officer.--John Salamone, H2-102, FHOB.
     Chief Information Officer.--Alan Thompson, H2-631, FHOB.
     Chief Logistics Officer.--Tom Coyne, WA-34, RHOB.
     Chief Procurement Officer.--Birchard B. Allen III, 5110, OHOB.
     Chief Risk Officer.--Susan Simpson, H2-217, FHOB.

                                 CHAPLAIN

              HB-25 The Capitol, phone 225-2509, fax 226-4928

     MARGARET GRUN KIBBEN, DMin, Chaplain, House of Representatives. In 
her final active-duty assignment in the Navy, Chaplain Margaret Grun 
Kibben was the U.S. Navy's 26th Chief Chaplains, serving as the director 
of religious ministry for the Department of the Navy, advising the 
Secretary of the Navy, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Commandant of 
the Marine Corps, and the Commandant of the Coast Guard on all matters 
pertaining to religion in their respective services. She led a community 
of 2,500 active and reserve officers, and enlisted religious ministry 
professionals. Prior to this assignment, Chaplain Kibben served as the 
18th Chaplain of the Marine Corps and Deputy Chief of Chaplains. A 
native of Warrington, Pennsylvania, Chaplain Kibben entered active duty 
in 1986 through the Navy's

[[Page 475]]

Theological Student Program. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from 
Goucher College, Towson, Maryland and Master of Divinity and Doctor of 
Ministry degrees from Princeton Theological Seminary, Princeton, New 
Jersey, and a Master's degree in National Security and Strategic Studies 
from the Naval War College, Newport, Rhode Island. Kibben served as a 
senior fellow, United States Institute of Peace, Washington, D.C. Her 
Navy assignments included the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland; 
the Chaplain Corps Resource Board, Norfolk, Virginia; command chaplain 
aboard USS San Diego (AFS 6); and Fleet Chaplain, U. S. 3rd Fleet. 
Kibben served as the command chaplain, responsible for religious 
ministry to Combined Forces Command Afghanistan. With the U.S. Marine 
Corps, Chaplain Kibben served aboard Marine Corps Base Quantico, 
Virginia; as chaplain to Headquarters and Service Battalion, Security 
Battalion, the Brig, Marine Corps Air Facility and HMX-1. She also 
served with the Marines of Second Force Service Support Group Camp 
Lejeune, North Carolina, deploying to Turkey and Norway. Later she was 
assigned to the Marine Corps Combat Development Command in Quantico as 
the doctrine writer for Religious Ministry. Following her retirement, 
Margaret established Virtue In Practice, LLC, a business dedicated to 
moral, ethical, and spiritual executive leader advisement. She also 
served as a consultant to the Department of the Navy's Sexual Assault 
Prevention and Response Office. Chaplain serves on both military and 
civilian-boards. The Princeton Theological Seminary Board of Trustees 
and the Inamori International Center for Ethics and Excellence, and the 
Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation. Her personal awards include the 
Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit (two awards), the 
Bronze Star, the Meritorious Service Medal (three awards), and the Navy 
Commendation Medal (three awards). On January 3, 2021, Chaplain Kibben 
was elected by the House and sworn in by Speaker Nancy Pelosi as the 
61st Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives.

 Chaplain of the House.--Margaret Grun Kibben, DMin.
     Assistant to the Chaplain / Liaison to Staff.--Karen Bronson.

                       OFFICE OF THE HOUSE HISTORIAN

           Attic A-13, Thomas Jefferson Building, phone 226-1300

  http://history.house.gov; history@mail.house.gov; https://twitter.com/
 UShousehistory

 House Historian.--Matthew Wasniewski.
     Director, Office of House Historian Staff.--Erin M. Hromada.
     Manager of Oral History.--Kathleen Johnson.
     Historical Web Manager.--Laura Turner O'Hara.

                   OFFICE OF INTERPARLIAMENTARY AFFAIRS

                       HC-4 Capitol, phone 226-1766

 Director.--Kate Knudson.
     Assistant Director.--Claudia Marconi.

                       OFFICE OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN

                     H-166 The Capitol, phone 225-5421

           (After office hours, call Capitol Operator 224-2145)

 Attending Physician.--Dr. Brian P. Monahan.

                        OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

             H2-386 Ford House Office Building, phone 226-1250

 Inspector General.--Joseph C. Picolla.
     Deputy Inspector General.--Christen Janell Stevenson.
     Director of Support Services.--R. Terry Upshur.
     Assistant Director, Technology and Quality Assurance.--Steven 
        Johnson.
     Assistant Director, Finance and Administration.--Susan Kozubski.
     Administrative Assistant.--Deborah E. Jones.
     Director, Performance and Financial Audits, and Investigative 
        Services.--Larry R. Price, Jr.

[[Page 476]]

     Assistant Director, Performance Audits and Investigative 
        Services.--Julie Poole.
     Assistant Director, Performance and Financial Audits.--Vacant.
     Auditors: Kevin Cornell, Nicole Loutsenhizer, Tamara Solomon, 
        Rosario Torres.
     Director, Information Systems Audits.--Saad Patel.
     Assistant Directors, Information Systems Audits: Michael Howard, 
        Clifton Persaud.
     Auditors: Emmanuel Akowuah, Peter Lee, Kimberly McClellan.
     Director, Management and Advisory Services.--Christen Stevenson.
     Assistant Directors: Keith Sullenberger, Donna Wolfgang.
     Management Analyst.--David DeMarco.

                    OFFICE OF THE LAW REVISION COUNSEL

    H2-308 Ford House Office Building, 20515-6711, phone 226-2411, fax 
                                225-0010

 Law Revision Counsel.--Ralph V. Seep.
     Deputy Counsel.--Robert M. Sukol.
     Senior Counsels: Brian Lindsey, Kenneth I. Paretzky, John F. 
        Wagner, Jr.
     Assistant Counsels: Michelle Evans, Katrina M. Hall, Katherine L. 
        Lane, Deborah Letz, Edward T. Mulligan, Michele K. Skarvelis, 
        Lindsey Skouras.
     Staff Assistants: Sylvia Tahirkheli, Monica Thompson.
     Printing Editor.--Vacant.
     GPO Detailee.--Andrea Sabaliauskas.
     Senior Systems Engineer.--Eric Loach.
     Systems Engineer.--Kenneth Thomas.

                     OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

             H2-337 Ford House Office Building, phone 225-6060

 Legislative Counsel.--Ernest Wade Ballou, Jr.
     Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Noah L. Wofsy.
     Senior Counsel: Warren Burke, Paul Callen, Henry Christrup, Lisa 
        Daly, Mathew Eckstein, Susan Fleishman, James Grossman, Jean 
        Harmann, Hadley Ross, Jessica Shapiro, Mark Synnes, Robert 
        Weinhagen, Brady Young.
     Counsel: Karen Anderson, Marshall Barksdale, Hallet Brazelton, 
        Thomas Cassidy, Megan Chasnoff, Brendan Gallagher, Justin Gross, 
        Alison Hartwich, Fiona Heckscher, Kakuti Lin, Molly Lothamer, 
        Christopher Osborne, Scott Probst, Anthony Sciascia, Anna Shpak, 
        Veena Srinivasa, Kathryn Swiss, Michelle Vanek, Sally Walker.
     Assistant Counsel: Michael Ambinder, Thomas Anderson, Eric 
        Bernstein, Lisa Castillo, Robert Casturo, Kenneth Cox, Casey 
        Ebner, Brenna Gautam, Allison Gilley, Stephen Hagenbuch, Karl 
        Hagnauer, Megan Hawkins, Ebony Holder, Paul Kubicki, Amanda 
        Molina, Keith Nemeth, Kalyani Parthasarathy, Sarah Rens, 
        Donalene Roberts, Adam Schilt, Brandon Senger, Adrienne Thomas.
     Office Administrator.--Nancy McNeillie.
     Assistant Office Administrator.--Debra Birch.
     Human Resources Administrator.--Thomas Dillon.
     Director, Information Systems.--Willie Blount.
     Senior Systems Analyst.--Peter Szwec.
     Assistant Systems Administrator.--David Topper.
     Publications Coordinator.--Craig Sterkx.
     Legislative Research Analyst.--Alex Swindle.
     Office Managerial Assistant.--Ashley Anderson.
     Staff Assistants / Paralegals: Lauren Anderson, Elonda Blount, 
        Mairead Crotty, Kevin Hauff, Kelly Meryweather, Tom Meryweather.
     Staff Assistants: Joseph Birch, Rachel Davis, Monique Ducksworth, 
        Miekl Joyner, Matthew Loggie, Angelina Plater.

                       OFFICE OF THE PARLIAMENTARIAN

                     H-209 The Capitol, phone 225-7373

 Parliamentarian.--Jason A. Smith.
     Deputy Parliamentarian.--Anne D. Gooch.
     Assistant Parliamentarians: Julia C. Cook, Benjamin Osheroff, 
        Christina Reid, Norma Volker.

[[Page 477]]

     Clerk to the Parliamentarian.--Lloyd A. Jenkins.
     Assistant Clerks to the Parliamentarian: Kristen B. Donahue, 
        Matthew Kowalewski.
     Precedent Editors: Max A. Spitzer, Ali Torres-Cherry.
     Precedent Digital Editors.--Catherine A. Moran.
     Information Technology Manager.--Bryan J. Feldblum.

                      OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

                     H-124 The Capitol, phone 225-2456

     WILLIAM J. WALKER, Sergeant at Arms of the U.S. House of 
Representatives, was sworn in on April 26, 2021 during the 1st session 
of the 117th Congress. Prior to his Sergeant at Arms appointment, Major 
General Walker was the 23rd Commanding General of the District of 
Columbia Army and Air Force National Guard (DCNG). He provided the 
strategic leadership that ensured units were manned, trained, and 
equipped for war or any national emergency. DCNG deployments include 
Iraq, Afghanistan, Poland, and Saudi Arabia. General Walker oversaw the 
113th Wing, F-16 Fighting Falcon, which secures the skies over the 
Nation's Capital day-to-day, and the C-40 Clipper that transports 
members of Congress and other dignitaries globally. He also directed the 
military-to-military partnerships the DCNG enjoys with the Burkina Faso 
Armed Forces in West Africa, and with the Jamaica Defence Force, in the 
West Indies under the Department of Defense, State Partnership Program. 
General Walker is a Veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom where he 
served at the American Embassy in Kabul and with the Afghanistan 
International Security Assistance Force.
     General Walker concurrently served as a National Guardsmen and Drug 
Enforcement Administration (DEA) Special Agent for thirty years in 
varied national and international positions of increasing trust. 
Promoted to the Senior Executive Service rank in 2003 and appointed an 
Intelligence Community, Senior National Intelligence Officer by the 
Director of National Intelligence in 2009, his final senior executive 
position was Deputy Assistant Administrator in Charge of Strategic 
Warning at DEA Headquarters. General Walker was educated at the 
University of Illinois at Chicago (BA), Chicago State University (MS), 
the National Intelligence University (MS), and American University (MA). 
He completed National Security Programs at Harvard, George Washington, 
and Syracuse Universities; the Homeland Security Leadership Program at 
the Naval Post Graduate School, and the Seminar XXI International 
Relations Fellowship at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
General Walker is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and 
Alpha Phi Alpha and Sigma Pi Phi Fraternities.

 Sergeant at Arms.--William J. Walker.
     Deputy Sergeant at Arms.--Tim Blodgett.
     Chief of Staff.--Kelle Strickland.
     Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Administration.--Kathleen Joyce.
     Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Protocol and Chamber Operations.--Ted 
        Daniel.
     Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Floor Security: Joyce Hamlett, 
        Rick Villa.
     Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Emergency Management.--Erik Speranza.
     Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms, Police Services.--Robert 
        Fitzpatrick.
     Chief Operating Officer.--Bob Dohr.
     Chief Information Officer.--Jim Kaelin.
     Counsel.--Bob Sensenbrenner.
     Directors:
          Division of Garage and Parking Security.--Jim Abbott.
          Division of House Security.--William McFarland.
          Division of Identification Services.--LaShon Bethea.
          Protocol & Special Events.--Catherine Huddleston.
     Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms:
          Appointments Desk.--Teresa Johnson.
          Chamber Security.--Jack Looney.
          Chamber Support Services.--Andrew Burns.
          Assistants: LaKeisha Commodore, Lorraine Foreman, Carmelitta 
            Riley, Ruby Tavernier.


