

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 731-740]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                           DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

                         Frances Perkins Building

            200 Constitution Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20210

                  phone (866) 4-USA-DOL, https://dol.gov

     MARTIN J. WALSH was sworn in as the 29th Secretary of Labor on 
March 23, 2021. A lifelong champion of equity and fairness, and a proud 
product of the City of Boston, Secretary Walsh leads the U.S. Department 
of Labor with a strong connection to working people, and a commitment to 
creating an economy that works for all.
     In 1997, he was elected to serve as a State Representative for one 
of the most diverse districts in Massachusetts. There, he focused on 
creating good jobs, protecting workers' rights, expanding mental health 
treatment, and investing in public transit.
     Following his time as a State Representative, Secretary Walsh spent 
the last seven years as the Mayor of the City of Boston. While mayor, he 
led the creation of close to 140,000 jobs and helped secure a statewide 
$15 / hour minimum wage, paid sick leave, and paid parental leave. He 
established Universal, high-quality Pre-Kindergarten for all children, 
and free community college for low-income students.
     Secretary Walsh was a national leader in the response to COVID-19, 
getting PPE to first responders and nursing homes; funding emergency 
child care for healthcare and frontline workers; halting evictions and 
providing rental relief; and setting up multiple funds to help small 
businesses survive. His work early in the pandemic to pause construction 
and establish safety requirements has been lauded as a model by both 
unions and employers alike.
     As Mayor of Boston, Secretary Walsh also made his mark as a labor 
leader. After following his father into Laborers Local 223 in Boston, he 
rose to head the Building and Construction Trades Council from 2011 to 
2013. He worked with business and community leaders to promote high-
quality development, and he created a program called Building Pathways 
that has become a model for increasing diversity in the workplace and 
providing good career opportunities for women and people of color.
     Born and raised in the neighborhood of Dorchester by immigrant 
parents, Secretary Walsh is driven to ensure our nation's economy works 
for everyone. Secretary Walsh is a survivor of Burkitt lymphoma and is a 
proud member of the recovery community who has worked to expand 
addiction treatment throughout his career. While working full-time as a 
legislator, he returned to school to earn a degree in Political Science 
at Boston College.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

                           phone (202) 693-6000

 Secretary of Labor.--Martin Walsh.
     Deputy Secretary.--Julie A. Su.
     Chief of Staff.--Daniel Arrigg Koh.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Allison Zelman.
     Counselors to the Secretary: Angela Hanks, Momoko ``Peach'' Soltis.
     Executive Secretariat Director.--Vacant.
     Director of Scheduling and Operations.--Becca Young.

                        OFFICE OF PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT

 Director.--Vacant.

                         ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES

    Techworld, 800 K Street, NW., Suite 400, Washington, DC 20001-8002

 Chief Administrative Law Judge.--Stephen R. Henley (202) 693-7424.
     Associate Chief Judges: Paul Almanza, 693-7344; William S. Colwell, 
        693-7355.


[[Page 732]]



                        ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW BOARD

 Chief and Chair.--James D. McGinley, Room N-5404 (202) 693-6200.
     Vice Chair.--E. Cooper Brown, Room N-5404, 693-6200.

           OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR ADMINISTRATION

                          AND MANAGEMENT (OASAM)

 Assistant Secretary.--Rachana Desai Martin, Room S-2203 (202) 693-4040.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for--
          Budget.--Geoffrey Kenyon, Room S-4020, 693-4090.
          Operations.--Al Stewart, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
          Policy.--Vacant, Room S-2203, 693-4040.
     Special Assistants: Jessica Costa, Douglas Robins, Traci Smith, 
        Room S-2203, 693-4040.
     Strategic Operations Program Manager: Maylin Jue, Room S-2203, 693-
        4040.
     Administrative Officer.--Braye Cloud, 693-4040.

                        BUSINESS OPERATIONS CENTER

 Director.--Julia Tritz, Room S-1524, 693-1094.
     Deputy Director.--Macaire Carroll-Gavula, Room S-1524, 693-6676.
     Office of:
          Chief Procurement Officer.--Carl V. Campbell, Room S-1510-C, 
            693-7246.
          Procurement Services.--Sandra Foster, Room S-4307, 693-4599.
          Real and Personal Property.--Heath Rehkop, Room S-1519B, 693-
            4546.
          Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization.--Gladys Bailey, 
            Room N-6402, 693-7244.
          Worker Safety and Health Services.--Joel Thein, Room S-1321, 
            693-6678.

                      PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT CENTER

 Director.--Dennis Johnson, Room S-3317, 693-7124.
     Deputy Director.--Lisa Landres.

                           CIVIL RIGHTS CENTER

 Director.--Naomi Barry-Perez, Room N-4123, 693-6500.
     Associate Director for Program Operations.--Dennis Fish, Room N-
        4123, 693-6532.
     Administrative Officer.--Aquila Branch-James, Room N-4123, 693-
        6519.
     Office of:
          Enforcement / External.--Lee Perselay, 693-6519.
          Enforcement / Internal.--Jehad Ali, 693-6500.
          Reasonable Accommodation Hotline.--Samuel Rhames Jr., Room N-
            4123, 693-6527.

                       EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT CENTER

      800 K Street, NW., Suite 450 North, Washington, DC 20001-8002

 Director.--Brian O'Conner, 693-7504.
     Deputy Director.--Kevin Schaefer, 693-7512.

                               BENEFITS.GOV

 Program Manager.--Myung Moon, Room S-1508, 693-4429.

                          HUMAN RESOURCES CENTER

 Director.--Sydney Rose, Room C-5526, 693-7600.
     Deputy Director.--Carin Otero, Room C-5526, 693-7600.
     Office of:
          Employee and Labor Management Relations.--Shawn Hooper, Room 
            N-5476, 693-7612.
          Executive Resources.--Demeatric Gamble, Room N-2453, 693-7800.
          Human Resources Policy and Accountability.--Kristin Siegfried, 
            Room C-5526, 693-7709.

[[Page 733]]

     Division of:
          Budget & Programs.--Donna Childs Speight, Room C-5517, 693-
            7762.
          Human Resources Information Systems.--LaRell Faulkner, Room C-
            5516, 693-7690.
          Workforce Development and Inclusion.--Kimberly Lacey, Room N-
            5464, 693-7838.
          Worklife and Engagement.--Maria Jordan, Room N-5454, 693-7610.

                 OFFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

 Chief Information Officer.--Gundeep Ahluwalia, Room N-1301, 693-4200.
     Deputy CIO for Administration and Strategy.--Rick Kryger, Room N-
        1301, 693-4200.
     Deputy CIO for Operations.--Lou Charlier, Room N-1301, 693-4200.
     Directorate of:
          Administration, Business Management, and Governance.--Jeff 
            Johnson, Room N-1301, 693-4449.
          Cybersecurity.--Paul Blahusch, Room N-1301, 693-1567.
          Information Technology Operations and Services.--Thomas Flagg, 
            Room N-1301, 693-4147.
     Division of:
          Administration.--Wendy Manning (acting), Room N-1301, 693-
            4221.
          Application & Platform Governance and Standards: Tim Erskine 
            (acting), Room N-1301, 693-8128; Samson Teffera, Room N-
            1301, 693-4179.
          Architecture, Strategy, and Design.--Paul Beckham, Room N-
            1301, 693-4437.
          Client Engagement.--Atash Mehta, Room N-1301, 693-4157.
     Enterprise Program Management.--Duane Eldridge, Room N-1301, 693-
        4136.
     Enterprise Service Desk.--24 / 7, Room N-1505 (855) 522-6748, or 
        EnterpriseServiceDesk@
dol.gov.

                             SECURITY CENTER

 Director.--Billie Jo Agambar, Room S-1229G (202) 693-7204.
     Deputy Director.--Robert Behm, 693-7203.
     Administrative Officer.--India Dupree, 693-1971.

                      ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR POLICY

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room S-2312 (202) 693-5959.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Tanya Goldman.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Laura Dawkins (acting).
     Career Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Vacant.
     Chief of Staff.--Patrick Oakford.
     Regulatory and Programmatic Policy.--Laura Dawkins.
     Chief Evaluation Officer.--Christina Yancey.

                           BENEFITS REVIEW BOARD

 Chair.--Judith S. Boggs, Room N-5101 (202) 693-6300.

                        BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS

                          Postal Square Building

       2 Massachusetts Avenue, NE., Suite 4040, Washington, DC 20212

                           phone (202) 691-7800

 Commissioner.--William Beach, 691-7800.
     Deputy Commissioner.--William Wiatrowski, 691-6301.
     Associate Commissioner, Office of:
          Administration.--Nancy Ruiz de Gamboa, Suite 4060, 691-7777.
          Compensation and Working Conditions.--Kristen Monaco, Suite 
            4130, 691-7527.
          Employment and Unemployment Statistics.--Julie Hatch Maxfield.
          Field Operations.--Jay Mousa, Suite 2935, 691-5800.
          Prices and Living Conditions.--Jeffrey Hill, Suite 3120, 691-
            7156.
          Productivity and Technology.--Lucy Eldridge, Suite 2150, 691-
            6598.
          Publications and Special Studies.--Emily Liddel, (acting), 
            Suite 2850, 691-5100.

[[Page 734]]

          Survey Methods Research.--Kenneth W. Robertson, Suite 5930, 
            691-5440.
          Technology and Survey Processing.--Tony Williams, Suite 5025, 
            691-7604.
     Assistant Commissioner, Office of:
          Compensation Levels and Trends.--Hilery Simpson, Suite 4130, 
            691-5184.
          Consumer Prices and Price Indexes.--Robert A. Cage.
          Current Employment Analysis.--Thomas Krolik, Suite 4675, 691-
            6417.
          Industrial Prices and Price Indexes.--Vacant.
          Industry Employment Statistics.--Vacant.
          Occupational Statistics and Employment Projections.--Vacant.
     Director of:
          International Prices.--Susan Fleck, Suite 3955, 691-6043.
          Safety, Health, and Working Conditions.--Marika Litras, Suite 
            3180, 691-7744.
          Survey Processing.--Amrit Kohli, Suite 5625, 691-6723.
          Technology and Computing Services.--Charles E. Bose, Suite 
            5025, 691-7596.

                  OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 Chief Financial Officer.--Vacant, Room S-4030 (202) 693-6800.
     Deputy Chief Financial Officer.--Kevin Brown, Room S-4030, 693-
        6800.
     Associate Deputy Chief Financial Officer for Financial Systems 
        Integrity.--Andrew Allen, Room N-2719.
     Administrative Officer.--Marella Turner, Room S-4030.
     Accounts Payable (Vendor Payment).--Ayesha Ahsan, Room S-5526.
     Audit Liaison.--Neil Starzynski, Room S-4030.
     Central Accounting Operations.--Westley Everette, Room S-5526.
     Customer Support.--Sharnell Montgomery, Room N-2719.
     E-Travel.--Sheila Alexander, Room N-2719.
     Financial Performance and Payment Integrity (A-123 Compliance).--
        Chris Polen, Room S-4030.
     Financial Reporting.--Jennifer Maurer (acting), Room S-4502.
     Security and Technology.--Robert Springfield, Room N-2719.
     Financial Policy & Compliance.--Dylan Sacchetti, Room S-4030.

           OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Elizabeth Watson, Room S-2006 (202) 693-4601.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Congressional and 
        Intergovernmental Affairs.--Michelle Rose, Room S-2220, 693-
        4600.
     Associate Assistant Secretary for Budget and Appropriations.--
        Andria Oliver, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Chief of Staff.--Jenny Waits, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Senior Counselor.--Cathy Yu, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Administrative Officer.--DuRon Blount, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Staff Assistants: Tiffany Williams, Room S-2220, 693-4600; Jaunae 
        Young, Room S-2220, 693-4600.
     Director for Intergovernmental Affairs.--Vacant, Room S-2220, 693-
        4600.
     Deputy Director for Intergovernmental Affairs.--Richard Cesar, Room 
        S-2220, 693-4600.
     Senior Legislative Officers: Edward Edney, Room S-2220, 693-4600; 
        Jenny Perrino, Room S-2220, 693-4600; Sabrina Steel, Room S-
        2220, 693-4600.
     Legislative Officer.--Ahmad Ramadan, Room S-2220, 693-4600.

                             REGIONAL OFFICES

  Boston / NY Region.--Vacant.
  Philadelphia.--Vacant.
  Atlanta.--Vacant.
  Chicago / Kansas City Region.--Vacant.
  Dallas / Denver.--Vacant.
  San Francisco.--Vacant.

                  OFFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY

 Assistant Secretary.--Taryn M. Williams, Room S-1303 (202) 693-7880.
     Executive Officer.--Bryan Ballmann.
     Senior Advisor.--John Tambornino.

[[Page 735]]

     Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Jennifer Sheehy.
     Special Assistant.--Melissa Turner.

                 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--Lisa Gomez, Room S-2524 (202) 693-8300.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--Ali Khawar, Room S-2524, 
        693-8300.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for National Office Operations.--Timothy 
        Hauser, Room N-5677, 693-8315.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Regional Office Operations.--Amy 
        Turner, Room N-5677, 693-8315.
     Chief of Staff.--Mary Beech, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Senior Policy Advisors: Rebecca Cole, Room S-2524, 693-8300; Monica 
        McGuire, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Policy Advisor.--Trevor Carlsen, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Special Assistant.--Matthew Mullins, Room S-2524, 693-8300.
     Executive Assistant.--Becki Marchand, Room N-5677, 693-8315.
     Director of:
              Enforcement.--Mabel Capolongo, 122 C Street, Suite 600, 
                693-8443.
              Exemption Determinations.--Chris Cosby (acting), 122 C 
                Street, Suite 400, 693-8540.
              Health Plan Standards and Compliance Assistance.--Amber 
                Rivers, Room N-5653, 693-8335.
              Outreach, Education, and Assistance.--Mark Connor, Room N-
                5625, 693-8337.
              Program, Planning, Evaluation, and Management.--Leyla 
                Mansur, Room N-5668, 693-8480.
              Regulations and Interpretations.--Joseph Canary, Room N-
                5655, 693-8500.
              Technology and Information Services.--Doug Batchelet
     Chief Accountant.--Michael Auerbach, 122 C Street, Suite 400, 693-
        8369.

                   EMPLOYEES' COMPENSATION APPEALS BOARD

 Chief Judge and Chairman.--Alec Koromilas (202) 693-6403.
     Vice Chairman.--Vacant.

                  EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--Vacant, Room S-2307.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary: Angela Hanks, Room S-2307, 
        693-2772.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Lenita Jacobs-Simmons, Room S-2307, 
        693-2772; Nicholas Lalpuis (acting), Room S-2307, 693-2772.
     Chief of Staff: Ana Hageage, S-2307, 693-2772.
     Administrator, Office of:
          Apprenticeship.--John Ladd, Room N-5311, 693-2796.
          Financial Administration.--Adrienne E. Young, Room N-4702, 
            693-3132.
          Foreign Labor Certification.--Brian Pasternak, N-5311, 513-
            7350.
          Grants and Management.--Laura P. Watson, Room N-4673, 693-
            3333.
          Job Corps.--Rachel Torres, Room N-4463, 693-3000.
          Management and Administrative Services.--Ryan Gilligan, Room 
            N-4653, 693-3001.
          Policy Development and Research.--Heidi Casta (acting), Room 
            N-5637, 693-3700.
          Trade Adjustment Assistance.--Norris Tyler, Room C-5428, 693-
            3560.
          Unemployment Insurance.--Jim Garner, Room S-4524, 693-3029.
          Workforce Investment.--Kimberly Vitelli, Room S-4510, 693-
            3980.

               CENTER FOR FAITH AND OPPORTUNITY INITIATIVES

 Director.--Vacant.

                      OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

 Inspector General.--Larry D. Turner (acting), Room S-5502 (202) 693-
    5100.
     Deputy Inspector General.--Larry D. Turner, Room S-5502.
     Assistant Inspector General for--
          Audit.--Carolyn Ramona Hantz, Room S-5512.

[[Page 736]]

          Congressional and Public Relations.--Luiz Santos, Room S-5506.
          Labor Racketeering and Fraud Investigations.--Michael C. 
            Mikulka, Room S-5014.
          Legal Services.--Delores Thompson, Room S-5502.
          Management and Policy.--Tara A. Porter, Room S-5028.
          Performance and Risk Management.--Jessica Southwell, Room S-
            5506.

                   MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION

              201 12th Street South, Arlington, VA 22202-5452

           phone (202) 693-9414, fax 693-9401, https://msha.gov

 Assistant Secretary.--Christopher J. Williamson, Room 5C330, 693-9402.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy.--Jeannette J. Galanis, Room 
        5C329.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations.--Patricia W. Silvey, 
        Room 5C328, 693-9642.
     Director, Office of:
          Assessments, Accountability, Special Enforcement, and 
            Investigations.--Thomas Charboneau, Room 2518, 693-9700.
          Program Education and Outreach Services.--Vacant, Room 5C314, 
            693-9422.
          Program Evaluation and Information Resources.--Syed Hafeez, 
            Room 5W130, 693-9765.
          Standards, Regulations, and Variances (OSRV).--Jessica D. 
            Senk, Room 5W208, 693-9475.
          Technical Support.--William Francart, Room 4W210, 693-9470.

                       COAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH

 Administrator.--Nancy M. Rooney, Room 4W255, 693-9414.
     Deputy Administrator.--Tim Watkins, Room 4C312, 693-9503.

                METAL AND NONMETAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH

 Administrator--Tim Watkins, Room 4W255, 693-9414.
     Deputy Administrator.--Brian Goepfert, Room 4C316, 693-9600.

                    EDUCATIONAL POLICY AND DEVELOPMENT

 Director.--Brian Goepfert (acting), Room 5W204, 693-9570.
     Administration and Management (A&M).--Li-Tai Bilboa, Room 4E462, 
        693-9802.

               OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION

 Assistant Secretary.--James ``Jim'' Frederick (acting), Room S-2315 
    (202) 693-2000.
     Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary.--James ``Jim'' Frederick, 
        693-2000.
     Chief of Staff.--Leah Ford, 693-2000.
     Special Assistant.--John Laadt, 693-2000.
     Director of:
          Administrative Programs.--Kimberly A. Locey, 693-1600.
          Communications.--Frank Meilinger, 693-1999.
          Construction.--Scott Ketcham, 693-2100.
          Cooperative and State Programs.--Doug Kalinowski, 693-2200.
          Enforcement Programs.--Patrick Kapust (acting), 693-2100.
          Standards and Guidance.--Maureen Ruskin (acting), 693-1950.
          Technology Support and Emergency Management.--Lee Anne 
            Jillings, 693-2300.
          Whistleblower Protection Programs.--Francis Yebesi (acting), 
            693-2199.

                         OFFICE OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS

 Assistant Secretary.--Elizabeth Alexander, Room S-2514 (202) 693-4676.
     Deputy Assistant Secretaries: Jesse Lawder, Michael Trupo.

                             REGIONAL OFFICES

  Region I.--Boston.

[[Page 737]]

     Regional Director.--Edmund Fitzgerald, JFK Federal Building, 
        Government Center, 25 New Sudbury Street, Room 525-A, Boston, MA 
        02203 (617) 565-2075.
  Region III.--Philadelphia.
     Regional Director.--Lenore Uddyback-Fortson, 1835 Market Street, 
        Mailstop 19, Philadelphia, PA 19103-2968 (215) 861-5102.
  Region IV.--Atlanta.
     Regional Director.--Eric Lucero, Atlanta Federal Center, 61 
        Forsyth, SW., Suite 6B75, Atlanta, GA 30303 (678) 237-0633.
  Region V.--Chicago.
     Regional Director.--Scott Allen, 230 South Dearborn Street, Room 
        3194, Chicago, IL 60604 (312) 353-4727.
  Region VI.--Dallas.
     Regional Director.--Chauntra Rideaux, 525 Griffin Street, Room 734, 
        Dallas, TX 75202 (972) 850-4710.
  Region IX.--California.
     Regional Director.--Michael Petersen, 90 7th Street, Suite 12-300, 
        San Francisco, CA 94103-1516 (415) 625-2630.

          OFFICE OF SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZATION

 Director.--Gladys Bailey, Room N-6432 (202) 693-7244.

                          OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR

 Solicitor.--Seema Nanda, Room S-2002 (202) 693-5260.
     Deputy Solicitor.--Elena S. Goldstein, 693-5260.
     Deputy Solicitor for National Operations.--Stanley Keen, 693-5260.
     Deputy Solicitor for Regional Enforcement.--Stanley E. Keen 
        (acting), 693-5260.
     Senior Advisors: Jamila Gleason, Edward Sieger.
     Senior Counsel: Ming-Qi Chu, Emily Tulli.

           DIVISION OF BLACK LUNG AND LONGSHORE LEGAL SERVICES

 Associate Solicitor.--Barry H. Joyner, Room N-2117 (202) 693-5660.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Jennifer Feldman.
     Counsel for--
          Administrative Litigation and Legal Advice.--Vacant.
          Appellate Litigation.--Gary K. Stearman.
          Enforcement and Appellate Litigation.--Sean G. Bajkowski.
          Longshore.--Mark A. Reinhalter.
          Regulations and Legislation.--Patricia M. Nece.

              DIVISION OF CIVIL RIGHTS AND LABOR-MANAGEMENT

 Associate Solicitor.--Beverly Dankowitz, Room N-2474, 693-5740.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Radine Legum.
     Counsel for--
          Civil Rights and Appellate Litigation.--Ali A. Beydoun.
          Interpretation and Advice.--Kier Bickerstaff.
          Labor-Management and Civil Rights Policy.--Eleanore Simms.
          Special Programs.--Nicole G. Dafoe.

            DIVISION OF EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING LEGAL SERVICES

 Associate Solicitor.--Matthew Bernt, Room N-2101, 693-5710.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Jessica Lyn.
     Counsel for--
          Employment and Training Advice.--Heather Vitale.
          Immigration Programs.--Matthew Gordon.
          International Affairs and USERRA.--Derek Baxter.

                     DIVISION OF FAIR LABOR STANDARDS

 Associate Solicitor.--Jennifer S. Brand, Room N-2716, 693-5555.

[[Page 738]]

     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Sarah Marcus.
     Counsel for--
          Appellate Litigation.--Rachel Goldberg.
          Contract Labor Standards.--Jonathan T. Rees.
          Legal Advice.--Lynn McIntosh.
          Trial Litigation.--Jonathan M. Kronheim.
          Whistleblower Programs.--Megan E. Guenther.

       DIVISION OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE AND ENERGY WORKERS COMPENSATION

 Associate Solicitor.--Thomas G. Giblin (acting), Room S-4325, 693-5320.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Alexandra Tsiros (acting).
     Counsel for--
          Claims and Compensation.--Catherine P. Carter.
          Energy Employees Compensation.--Sheldon O. Turley, Jr.
          FECA Subrogation.--Jim Gordon.

         DIVISION OF MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE LEGAL SERVICES

 Associate Solicitor.--Rose Marie L. Audette, Room N-2420, 693-5405.
     Deputy Associate Solicitors: Allen K. Goshi, David Koeppel.
     Chief of:
          Financial Management Office.--Theresa Ideo.
          Human Resources Office.--Michael Parrish.
          Legal Technology Unit.--Denise Hoffman.
     Director, Office of Information Services.--Mai Lytle.
     Counsel for--
          Appropriations.--Daniel P. Rathbun.
          Employment Law.--Brandi A. Peters.
          FOIA and Information Law.--Joseph J. Plick.
          FOIA Appeals, Paperwork Reduction Act and Federal Records 
            Act.--Ray Mitten, Jr.
          Procurement and Contracts.--Jose Otero.

                    DIVISION OF MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH

        201 12th Street South, Suite 401, Arlington, VA 22202-5414

 Associate Solicitor.--April Nelson, Suite 401, 693-9333.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Thomas A. Paige.
     Counsel for--
          Appellate Litigation.--Archith Ramkumar.
          Standards and Legal Advice.--Brad J. Mantel.
          Trial Litigation.--Jason Grover.

                DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH

 Associate Solicitor.--Edmund C. Baird, Room S-4004, 693-5452.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Lauren Goodman.
     Counsel for--
          Appellate Litigation.--Heather Phillips.
          Health Standards.--Ian Moar.
          Regional Litigation and Legal Advice.--Allison Kramer.
          Safety Standards.--Richard Ewell (acting).
          Special Litigation.--Peter Vassalo.

                    DIVISION OF PLAN BENEFITS SECURITY

 Associate Solicitor.--William Scott, Room N-4611, 693-5600.
     Deputy Associate Solicitor.--Wayne Berry.
     Counsel for Appellate and Special Litigation.--Thomas Tso, Jeffrey 
        Hahn.
     Counsel for Regulations.--James Craig.

                         OFFICE OF LEGAL COUNSEL

 Associate Solicitor.--Peter J. Constantine, Room N-2700, 693-5500.

[[Page 739]]

     Counsel for Ethics.--Sabrina A. Gray.
     Counsel for Legislative Affairs.--Jill M. Otte.
     Honors Program Director.--Susan Hutton.

                 VETERANS' EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING SERVICE

                     Room S-1325, phone (202) 693-4700

 Assistant Secretary.--James Rodriguez.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy.--Vacant.
     Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations and Management.--
        J.Margarita Devlin.
     Chief of Staff.--Julian Purdy.
     Executive Assistant.--Rhonda McGhee.
     Agency Management and Budget.--Iris Diaz.
     Field Operations.--Bill Metheny.
     National Programs.--Ivan Denton.
     Strategic Outreach.--Mark Toal.

                              WOMEN'S BUREAU

                    Room S-3002, phone (202) 693-6710.

 Director.--Wendy Chun-Hoon.
     Deputy Director.--Analilia Mejia.
     Chief of Staff.--Nikkilia Lu.
     Chief, Office of Information and Support Services.--Paris M. Mack.
     Chief, Office of Policy and Programs.--Tiffany Boiman.

                 OFFICE OF WORKERS' COMPENSATION PROGRAMS

 Director.--Christopher Godfrey, Room S-3524, (202) 343-5580.
     Deputy Director.--Nancy J. Griswold, Room S-3524, 343-5580.
     Chief of Staff.--Ivey Warren, Room S-3524, 343-5580.
     Director, Division of:
          Administration and Operations.--Vincent Alvarez, Room S-3201, 
            343-5580.
          Coal Mine Workers' Compensation.--Michael Chance, Room C-3520, 
            343-5580.
          Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation.--Rachel 
            Leiton, Room C-3317, 343-5580.
          Federal Employees' Compensation.--Antonio Rios, Room S-3229, 
            693-0040.
          Financial Administration.--Hari Kadavath, Room 3524, 343-5580.
          Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation.--Douglas C. 
            Fitzgerald, Room C-4319, 343-5580.
     Deputy Director, Division of:
          Administration and Operations.--Megan Hylton, Room S-3201, 
            343-5580.
          Coal Mine Workers' Compensation National Administrator of 
            Field Operations.--Dean Woodard (214) 749-4138.
          Financial Administration.--Eric Hill, Room S-3524, 343-5580.
     National Administrator of Field Operations, Division of Energy 
        Employees Occupational Illness Compensation.--Christy Long (206) 
        504-5104.
     Deputy Administrator of Field Operations, Division of Energy 
        Employees Occupational Illness Compensation.--Annette Prindle 
        (216) 802-1333.
     National Administrator of Field Operations, Division of Federal 
        Employees' Compensation.--William Walter (acting) (202) 693-
        0040.
     Deputy Administrators of Field Operations, Division of Federal 
        Employees' Compensation: Kellianne Conaway, (202) 693-0040; Zev 
        Sapir (202) 693-0040.

                   OFFICE OF LABOR-MANAGEMENT STANDARDS

 Director.--Jeffrey R. Freund, Room N-5603 (202) 693-0123.
     Deputy Director.--Andrew Auerbach, Room N-5603, 693-0123.
     Director of Field Operations.--Brian A. Pifer, Room N-5119, 693-
        1204.
     Director of Programs Operations.--Andrew Davis, Room N-5609, 693-
        1299.
     Regional Directors:
          Central Region.--Daniel LaFond (414) 297-1504.
          Northeastern Region.--Vacant, Regional Director (643) 264-
            3190.

[[Page 740]]

          Southern Region.--Daniel Cherry (504) 589-6174.
          Western Region.--Emily Prosise, Regional Director (314) 539-
            2667.
     Division of:
          Enforcement.--Tracy Shanker, Chief, Room N-5119, 693-0143.
          Interpretations and Standards.--Karen Torre, Chief, Room N-
            5609, 693-0123.
          Planning, Management, and Technology.--Yolonda Robinson 
            (acting), Chief, Room N-5613, 693-0506.
          Reports, Disclosure and Audits.--James Haskins, Room N-5603, 
            693-0829.

                          WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION

 Administrator.--Vacant, Room S-3502 (202) 693-0051.
     Principal Deputy Administrator.--Jessica Looman, Room S-3502, 693-
        0051.
     Chief of Staff.--Kristin Garcia, Room S-3502, 693-0051.
     Policy Advisor.--Joseph Sweeney, Room S-3502, 693-0051.
     Deputy Administrator for Program Operations.--Patricia Davidson, 
        Room S-3502, 693-0051.
     Assistant Administrator, Office of:
          Administrative Operations.--Terri Thomas (acting), Room S-
            3502, 693-1252.
          Government Contracts.--Michele King, Room S-3502, 693-0051.
          Planning, Performance, Evaluation, and Communications.--
            Michael Kravitz, Room S-3502, 693-0051.
          Policy.--Monty Navarro, Room S-3502, 693-0051.

              OFFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE PROGRAMS

 Director.--Jenny R. Yang, Room C-3325 (202) 693-0101.
     Deputy Director.--Michele Hodge, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Deputy Director of Policy.--Maya Raghu, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Chief of Staff.--Dariely Rodriguez, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
     Senior Policy Advisor and Special Assistant.--Lissette Gean, Room 
        C-3325, 693-0101.
     Director of:
          Enforcement.--Bob LaJeunesse, Room C-3325, 693-0101.
          Management and Administrative Programs.--Kelley Smith, Room C-
            3315, 693-0101.
          Policy and Program Development.--Tina T. Williams, Room N-
            3422, 693-0105.
          Program Operations.--Dr. Javaid Kaiser, Room C-3325, 693-0101.


