

Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022. - 


Congressional Directory for the 117th Congress (2021-2022), October 2022.
[Pages 397-404]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE SENATE

                Capitol Telephone Directory, phone 224-3121

                           Senate room prefixes:

              Capitol--S, Russell Senate Office Building--SR

    Dirksen Senate Office Building--SD, Hart Senate Office Building--SH

                         PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE

 Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate.--
    Kamala D. Harris.

     The Office of the Vice President is S-212 in the Capitol. The Vice 
President has offices in the Dirksen Senate Office Building, the 
Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB), and the White House (West 
Wing).

                           phone (202) 456-1414

 Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff to the Vice President.--
    Lorraine Ann Voles.
     Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff to the 
        Vice President.--Erin S. Wilson.
     Special Assistant to the President and Domestic Policy Director.--
        Rohini Kosoglu.
     Senior Policy Advisor to the Vice President.--Ike Irby.
     Deputy Policy Director to the Vice President.--Deanne Millison.
     Chief Economic Advisor to the Vice President.--Mike Pyle, CFA.
     Special Assistant to the President and Counsel to the Vice 
        President.--Josh H. Hsu.
     Assistant to the President and National Security Advisor to the 
        Vice President.--Philip Gordon.
     Assistant to the Vice President and Director of Legislative 
        Affairs.--Kristine J. Lucius.
     Chief of Staff to Second Gentleman Douglas Emhoff.--Katie Peters 
        (acting).
     Special Assistant to the President and Press Secretary to the Vice 
        President.--Kirsten N. Allen.
     Deputy Assistant to the President and Communications Director to 
        the Vice President.--Jamal N. Simmons.
     Deputy Communications Director to the Vice President.--Rachel E. 
        Palermo.
     Senior Advisor for Communications.--Herbie Ziskend.
     Deputy Press Secretary to the Vice President.--Ernesto ``Ernie'' 
        Apreza.
     Assistant Press Secretary to the Vice President.--Emily R. Langner.
     Speechwriting Director to the Vice President.--Meghan I. Groob.
     Personal Aide to the Vice President.--Opal A. Vadhan.

                           PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE

                     S-125 The Capitol, phone 224-9400

  President Pro Tempore of the Senate.--Pat Leahy.
     Chief of Staff.--John P. Dowd.
     Director of Operations.--Annette Gillis.
     Legislative Director.--Erica Chabot.
     Communications Director.--David Carle.

                              MAJORITY LEADER

              S-221 The Capitol, phone 224-2158, fax 224-7362

 Democratic Leader.--Charles E. Schumer.
     Chief of Staff.--Mike Lynch.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Erin Sager Vaughn.
     Director of Scheduling and Executive Team.--Emily Sweda.

[[Page 398]]

     Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Kellie Karney.
     Scheduling Assistant.--Raisa Shah.
     Policy Director.--Gerry Petrella.
     Legislative Director.--Meghan Taira.
     Communications Director.--Justin Goodman.
     Director of Engagement.--Cietta Kiandoli.
     Chief Speechwriter.--Tony Rivera.
     Chief Counsel.--Reginald Babin.
     Director of Operations.--Amy Mannering.
     Director of Information Technology.--Scott Rodman.
     Staff Assistants: Alex Hsi, Christian Rodriguez.

                               MAJORITY WHIP

                     S-321 The Capitol, phone 224-9447

 Majority Whip.--Richard J. Durbin.
     Chief of Staff.--Pat Souders.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Sally Brown-Shaklee.
     Director of Scheduling.--Claire Reuschel.
     Deputy Scheduler.--Riley Foti.
     Communications Director.--Emily Hampsten.
     Press Secretary.--Maddie Carlos.
     Floor Director.--Maalik Simmons.
     Floor Counsel.--Miriam Wheatley.

                        ASSISTANT DEMOCRATIC LEADER

                          SR-154, phone 224-2621

 Assistant Democratic Leader.--Patty Murray.
     Chief of Staff.--Mindi Linquist.
     Communications Director.--Amir Avin.
     Leadership Operations Director.--Jacqueline Usyk.
     Administrative Director.--Angie Toro.

                             REPUBLICAN LEADER

              S-230 The Capitol, phone 224-3135, fax 228-1264

 Republican Leader.--Mitch McConnell.
     Chief of Staff.--Sharon Soderstrom.
     Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations.--Stefanie Muchow.
     Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy.--Scott Raab.
     Executive Assistant and Director of Scheduling.--Sarah Steinberg.
     Assistant to the Chief of Staff / Scheduler.--Elise Stebick.
     Office Manager.--Alexandra Jenkins.
     Chief Counsel.--Michael Fragoso.
     National Security Advisor.--Robert Karem.
     Communications Director.--David Popp.
     Senior Advisors: John Chapuis, Steve Donaldson, Cynthia Herrle, 
        Jennifer Kuskowski, Jim Neill, Erica Suares, Terry Van Doren, 
        Jody Wright.
     Speechwriter.--Andrew Quinn.
     Deputy Speechwriter.--Dylan Vorbach.
     Press Secretary.--Douglas Andres.
     Deputy Press Secretary.--Katherine Grayson.
     Systems Administrator.--Elmamoun Sulfab.
     Special / Protocol Assistant.--Victoria Mason.
     Staff Assistant.--Anna Carmack.

                     REPUBLICAN COMMUNICATIONS CENTER

                    S-230 The Capitol, phone 228-6397

 Communications Staff Director.--Scott Sloofman.
     Research Director.--Robert Utsey.
     Research Advisor.--David Hauptmann.

[[Page 399]]

     Broadcast Media Advisor.--Kaily Grabemann.

                       OFFICE OF THE REPUBLICAN WHIP

              S-208 The Capitol, phone 224-2708, fax 228-1507

 Republican Whip.--John Thune.
     Chief of Staff.--Geoffrey Antell.
     Whip Advisors: David Cole, Scarlet Samp, Christopher Toppings.
     Director of Operations.--Daffnei Riedel.
     General Counsel.--Jason van Beek.
     Speechwriter.--Mary Katherine Ascik.
     Press Secretary.--Joey Brown.
     Creative Director.--Kristina Reese.
     Research Assistant.--Jonathan Mack.
     Staff Assistant.--Maham Shah.

                          OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

                     S-312 The Capitol, phone 224-3622

     SONCERIA ANN BERRY, Secretary of the Senate; sworn in as the 34th 
secretary of the United States Senate on March 1, 2021. Berry is the 
first African American to serve in this position and the eighth woman to 
hold the office. Berry first came to the Senate in 1979, and served 18 
years in many positions on Senator Howell Heflin's staff. After he 
retired, she worked for Senators Daniel Patrick Moynihan, John Edwards, 
and Tom Carper. She also led the transition team for Senator Doug Jones, 
and most recently served as the deputy chief of staff to the Senate 
president pro tempore, Senator Patrick Leahy, who swore her in as the 
new secretary. Berry grew up in Birmingham, Alabama, and attended the 
University of North Alabama, where she received her bachelor of arts 
degree in education and participated in the Senior Executive Leadership 
program at Georgetown University. Berry is married to Reginald Berry and 
they have one daughter.

 Secretary of the Senate.--Sonceria Ann Berry (S-312), 224-3622.
     Assistant Secretary of the Senate.--Mary Suit Jones (S-333), 224-
        3622.
     Chief of Staff.--Rachel Creviston (S-414C), 224-3895.
     Deputy Chief of Staff.--Sydney G. Butler (S-333), 224-9461.
     General Counsel.--Dan Schwager (S-414D), 224-0634.
     Executive Accounts Administrator.--Zoraida Torres (S-414B), 224-
        7099.
     Executive Assistant.--Vanessa VandeHey (S-312), 224-9278.
     Capitol Offices Liaison.--Robert Braggs III (SB-36C), 224-1483.

                         ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES

     Chief Counsel for Employment.--Claudia A. Kostel (SH-103), 224-
        5424.
     Conservation and Preservation.--Beverly Adams (S-416), 224-4550.
     Curator.--Melinda K. Smith (S-411), 224-2955.
     Gift Shop.--Neil Schwartz (SD-G42), 224-7308.
     Historian.--Betty K. Koed (SH-201), 224-6900.
     Human Resources.--John McIlveen (SH-231B), 224-3625.
     Information Systems.--Dan Kulnis (S-422), 224-4883.
     Interparliamentary Services.--Sally Walsh (SH-808), 224-3047.
     Joint Office of Training and Development.--Megan Daly (SD-180), 
        224-7628.
     Legislative Info Systems (LIS) Project.--John Pollock (SD-B44A), 
        224-9419.
     Library.--Leona Faust (SR-B15), 224-7106.
     Page School.--Josh Dorsey (Webster Hall), 224-3927.
     Printing and Document Services.--Laura Rush (SH-B04), 224-0205.
     Public Records.--Dana McCallum (SH-232), 224-0322.
     Senate Security.--Michael P. DiSilvestro (SVC-217), 224-5632.
     Stationery Room.--Terri Keller (SD-B42), 224-4771.
     Web Technology.--Arin Shapiro (PSQ 6960), 224-2020.

                            FINANCIAL SERVICES

     Disbursing Office.--Ted Ruckner (SH-127), 224-3205.

                           LEGISLATIVE SERVICES

     Bill Clerk.--Sara Schwartzman (S-123), 224-2120.

[[Page 400]]

     Captioning Services.--Sandra Schumm (SVC-111), 224-4321.
     Daily Digest, Editor.--Elizabeth Tratos (S-421), 224-2658.
     Enrolling Clerk.--Cassandra Byrd (S-139), 224-7108.
     Executive Clerk.--Jennifer Gorham (S-138), 224-4341.
     Journal Clerk.--William Walsh (S-135), 224-4650.
     Legislative Clerk.--John J. Merlino (S-134), 224-4350.
     Official Reporters of Debates.--Dorothy Rull (S-410A), 224-3152.
     Parliamentarian.--Elizabeth C. MacDonough (S-133), 224-6128.

                          OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN

              S-332 The Capitol, phone 224-2510, fax 224-9686

     BARRY C. BLACK, Chaplain, U.S. Senate; born in Baltimore, MD, on 
November 1, 1948; education: bachelor of arts, theology, Oakwood 
College, 1970; master of divinity, Andrews Theological Seminary, 1973; 
master of arts, counseling, North Carolina Central University, 1978; 
doctor of ministry, theology, Eastern Baptist Seminary, 1982; master of 
arts, management, Salve Regina University, 1989; doctor of philosophy, 
psychology, United States International University, 1996; military 
service: U.S. Navy, 1976-2003; rising to the rank of Rear Admiral; Chief 
of Navy Chaplains, 2000-03; awards: Navy Distinguished Service Medal; 
Legion of Merit Medal; Defense Meritorious Service Medal; Meritorious 
Service Medals (two awards); Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals 
(two awards); 1995 NAACP Renowned Service Award; family: married to 
Brenda; three children: Barry II, Brendan, and Bradford.

 Chaplain of the Senate.--Barry C. Black.
     Chief of Staff.--Lisa Schultz, 224-3849.
     Communications Director.--Jody Bogoslavski, 224-2048.
     Staff Scheduler / Executive Assistant.--Suzanne Chapuis, 224-7456.

                      OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

              S-151 The Capitol, phone 224-2341, fax 224-7690

     KAREN GIBSON became the Sergeant at Arms of the United States 
Senate on March 22, 2021, having recently completed a 33-year military 
career in which she attained the rank of Lieutenant General in the 
United States Army.
     Ms. Gibson has performed in numerous intelligence and cyberspace 
operations roles, culminating her military service as Deputy Director of 
National Intelligence for National Security Partnerships. In previous 
assignments, she served as Director of Intelligence for United States 
Central Command; Director of Intelligence for Combined Joint Task Force 
- Operation Inherent Resolve, the multinational coalition to defeat 
ISIS; and Deputy Commanding General for U.S. Army Cyber Command. A 
seasoned combat veteran, Ms. Gibson has led intelligence-operations 
fusion centers in Iraq, Afghanistan, Korea, East Africa, and in the 
United States.
     Ms. Gibson is a native of Bozeman, Montana. She earned a B.S. in 
Industrial Engineering from Purdue University, a M.S. in National 
Security Strategy from the National War College, and a M.S. in Strategic 
Intelligence from the National Intelligence University. She is married 
and has two adult children.

 Sergeant at Arms.--Karen Gibson, S-151, 224-2341.
     Deputy Sergeant at Arms / Doorkeeper.--Kelly Fado, S-151, 224-6031.
     Chief of Staff.--Jennifer Hemingway, S-151, 224-2341.
     Employee Assistance Program Director.--Kristin Welsh-Simpson, SH-
        627B, 224-3902.
     General Counsel.--Eric Broxmeyer, S-151, 224-2341.
     Page Program Director.--Elizabeth Roach, Page School, 228-1291.
     Protocol Officer.--Carly Flick, S-147, 224-2341.

                             HUMAN RESOURCES

 Director.--Tammy Buckingham, SH-142, 4-8199.
     Human Resources Managers: Jennifer Powell, SH-142, 4-4909; Nicole 
        Wojahn, SH-142, 4-9442.
     Senate Placement Office: Lisa Supkow, SH-142, 8-0636.

                             HUMAN RESOURCES

 Assistant Sergeant at Arms.--Grace Ridgeway, SVC-103, 4-4281.
     Capitol Operations Special Assistant.--Bryan Huus, 4-3372.

[[Page 401]]

     Appointment Desk Director.--Lynn Hershey, 4-6302.
     Director of Doorkeepers.--Edward Newburn, SB-6, 4-6067.

                             HUMAN RESOURCES

 Director of the Daily Press Gallery.--Laura Lytle, S-316, 4-0241.
     Director of the Periodical Press Gallery.--Justin Wilson, S-320, 4-
        0265.
     Director of the Press Photographers Gallery.--Jeff Kent, S-317, 4-
        6548.
     Director of the Radio and Television Gallery.--Michael Mastrian, S-
        325, 4-6421.

                        CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

 Assistant Sergeant at Arms and Chief Information Officer.--Chris 
    Jordan, SD-G61, 4-1391.
     Deputy Sergeant at Arms and Chief Information Officer.--Lynden 
        Armstrong, SD-G61, 4-7078.
     Chief Operating Officer.--Bryan Steward, PSB 6611, 4-9703.

                 COMMUNICATION AND TECHNOLOGY INTEGRATION

 Director of Communication and Technology Integration.--Kenny Meadows, 
    SH-121, 8-5650.

                              CYBERSECURITY

 Chief Information Security Officer.--Linus Barloon, PSB 6215, 4-6454.
     Deputy Chief Information Security Officer.--Chirag Patel, PSB 6215, 
        4-6427.
     Cybersecurity Operations Manager.--Karl Hickson, Site A, 202-945-
        2256.

                           IT SUPPORT SERVICES

 Director of IT Support Services.--Robert Harris, PSB 6735, 8-3499.
     Technology and Help Desk Services Manager.--Tim Dean, PSB 6280, 4-
        3564.
     Equipment and Capitol Exchange Services Manager.--Win Grayson, SR-
        B59, 4-8065.
     Telecom Assistance Center Supervisor.--Katie Miller, SH-121,8-6365.
     Capitol Telephone Exchange Manager.--Mary Ann Williams, PSB 6115, 
        4-3431.

                    PROCESS MANAGEMENT AND INNOVATION

 Director of Process Management and Innovation.--John Pino, PSB 6620, 4-
    6685.
     IT Research and Deployment Manager.--Andy Guyer, PSB 6945, 4-8371.
     Identity & Collaboration Services Manager.--Gary ``Buster'' Doney, 
        PSB 6935 / A2, 8-3946.
     Systems Design Development & Implementation Manager.--Claudette 
        Archambault, PSB 6240, 4-2952.

                         ENTERPRISE APPLICATIONS

 Director of Enterprise Applications.--Laura Robertson, PSB 6612, 4-
    9651.
     Administrative Systems Manager.--Kim Murata, PSB 6075, 4-9380.
     Financial Systems Manager.--Mike Contillo, PSB 6060, 4-4906.
     Legislative Systems Manager.--Shannon Stong, PSB 6070, 4-6220.

                          ENTERPRISE OPERATIONS

 Director of Enterprise Operations.--Chad Torres (acting), PSB 6611, 4-
    4154.
     Network Engineering and Management Manager.--Bill Hill, PSB 6610, 
        4-9380.
     Infrastructure and Platforms Manager.--Joe LaPalme, PSB 6375, 8-
        4451.
     Enterprise Operations Manager.--Kahlil Taylor (acting), PSB 6391, 
        8-4423.

                 TECHNOLOGY AND COMMUNICATION RESILIENCE

 Director of Technology and Communication Resilience.--Lynette Anderson, 
    PSB 6985, 4-1609.
     Communication Resilience Manager.--Robert Snyder, PSB 6710, 4-7323.
     Technology Resilience Manager.--Lauren Peters, PSB 6715, 4-8900.

                     TECHNOLOGY GOVERNANCE AND BUDGET

 Director of Technology Governance and Budget.--Megan Dockery.

[[Page 402]]

     Program Management Office Manager.--James ``Jim'' Green, PSB 6614, 
        4-3405.

                           FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT

 Chief Financial Officer.--Robin Gallant, PSB 6607, 4-6292.
     Accounts Payable Manager.--David Salem, PSB 6604, 4-8844.
     Controller.--Mary Ann Sifford, PSB 6605, 4-1035.
     Budget Manager.--Jingquing ``Christie'' Wu, PSB 6360, 4-4886.
     Acquisition Office Manager.--David Baker, PSB 6603, 4-2547.
     Internal Control Manager.--Sheetal Jenkins, PSB 6606, 4-6374.

              OFFICE OF SECURITY AND EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS

 Assistant Sergeant at Arms.--Kimberly O'Brien, SVC-305 / E, 8-9788.
     Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms Security Operations, Threat Mgmt 
        and State Office.--Peter Hull, SVC-305 / C, 202-320-9088.
     Deputy Assistant Sergeant at Arms Emergency Preparedness, 
        Contingency and SOC.--Jonathan Starling, SVC-305 / B, 4-6654.
     Director for--
          Contingency Programs.--Bill Flinter, SVC-305, 8-6737.
          Emergency Preparedness.--Sue Ellen Dooley (acting), PSB 6040, 
            8-3165.
          Security Planning and Police Operations.--Ronda Stewart, SVC-
            305 / K, 4-7173.
     Director of Risk Management and Threat.--Rodney Jones, SVC-305 / F, 
        4-5695.
     Director of Senate Operations Center.--Ryan Harry, SVC-305, 4-5685.

                      ACCESS CONTROL AND OPERATIONS

 Director.--Wendy Colmore, SVC-305, 4-8365.
     Badging Operations Manager.--Luke Hendrixson, SD-G58, 4-2338.
     Parking Operations Manager.--Robert Brindle, SD-G84, 4-8888.
     Transportation and Fleet.--Ron Bissi, S4-G06, 4-3858.

                            CAPITOL OPERATIONS

 Assistant Sergeant at Arms.--Grace Ridgeway, SC-5, 4-5524.
     Capitol Facilities Director.--Tiffany Fitzgerald, SC-5, 4-2343.

                            SUPPORT OPERATIONS

 Assistant Sergeant at Arms.--Brian Trott, SD-G61, 4-9443.
     Capitol Hill Operations Manager.--, SD-G82, 4-6664.
     Landover Operations Manager.--Vacant, Printing and Mailing 
        Facility, 4-9568.
     Logistics and Operations Supervisor.--Mike Wilson, Senate Support 
        Facility, 4-1970.

                            SENATE POST OFFICE

 Postmaster.--Donnie Cook, SD-B23, 4-3731.
     Retail Services Superintendent.--Lisa Cain, SD-B17, 4-5330.
     Mail Processing Facility Superintendent.--Lee Reynolds, SD-B28, 4-
        9096.
     Senate Mail Screening Facility Superintendent.--LaToya Freeman, 
        Senate Mail Facility, 4-0078.

                         STATE OFFICE OPERATIONS

 State Office Liaison Director.--Kate Summers, PSB 6225, 4-9576.
     State Office Project Management Manager.--Kim Steffen, PSB 6250 / 
        A3, 4-5575.
     State Office Readiness Manager.--Mark Peterson, PSB 6320, 4-3725.

                             SUPPORT SERVICES

 Director.--Sam Jacobs, PSB 6455, 4-9927.
     Facilities Manager.--Amy York, PSB 6235, 4-1507.
     Fleet and Transportation Manager.--, SR-G06, 8-0346.
     Hair Care Supervisor.--Cindi Brown, SR-B70, 4-4560.
     Office of Communications Manager.--Terrica Gibson, PSB 6010 / C2, 
        4-8091.
     Photo Studio Manager.--Miles Cullen, SD-154, 4-6000.
     Photo Services Supervisor.--David Rogowski, SD-G85, 4-6000.
     Photo Lab Manager.--Lynn Dunigan, PSB 6820, 4-0184.


[[Page 403]]



                 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY FOR THE MAJORITY

                     S-309 The Capitol, phone 224-3735

 Secretary for the Majority.--Gary Myrick
     Assistant Secretary for the Majority.--Tricia Engle (S-118), 224- 
        5551.
     Administrative Assistant to the Secretary.--Amber Huus.
     Senior Floor Assistant.--Megan Mercer (S-335), 224-6191.
     Floor Assistant.--Tony Hanagan (S-335), 224-6191.

                     S-118 The Capitol, phone 224-5551

 Senior Floor Staff.--Dan Tinsley.
     Floor Staff.--Brad Watt.
     Executive Assistant to the Floor Staff.--Terri Taylor.

                 S-225 Majority Cloakroom, phone 224-4691

 Cloakroom Assistants: Rachel Jackson, Nathan Oursler, Stephanie Paone, 
    Liza Patterson.

                 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY FOR THE MINORITY

              S-337 The Capitol, phone 224-3835, fax 224-2860

 Secretary for the Minority.--Robert M. Duncan (S-337).
     Assistant Secretary for the Minority.--Chris Tuck (S-335),
     Administrative Assistant to the Secretary.--Noelle Busk Ringel (S-
        337).

                     S-335 The Capitol, phone 224-6191

 Senior Floor Assistant.--Megan Mercer (S-335).
     Floor Assistant.--Tony Hanagan (S-335).

                 S-226 Minority Cloakroom, phone 224-6191

 Senior Cloakroom Assistant.--Katherine Foster.
     Cloakroom Assistants: Max Boyd, Brian Canfield.

                     OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

     668 Dirksen Senate Office Building, phone 224-6461, fax 224-0567

 Legislative Counsel.--William R. Baird.
     Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Elizabeth Aldridge King.
     Senior Counsel: Ruth Ann Ernst, John A. Goetcheus, Matthew D. 
        McGhie, Mark M. McGunagle.
     Assistant Counsel: John W. Baggaley, Margaret A. Bomba, Kathryne G. 
        Bonander, Heather L. Burnham, Katherine-Marie P. Canales, 
        Maureen C. Contreni, Kevin M. Davis, Molly K. Dunlop, Deanna E. 
        Edwards, Larissa Eltsefon, Evan H. Frank, Vincent J. Gaiani, Amy 
        E. Gaynor, John A. Henderson, Thomas B. Heywood, Christina N. 
        Kennelly, Carol Lewis, Heather A. Lowell, Philip B. Lynch, Mark 
        L. Mazzone, Christine E. Miranda, James L. Ollen-Smith, Allison 
        M. Otto, Christopher S. Patterson, Kristin K. Romero, Margaret 
        A. Rose, Patrick N. Ryan, Robert F. Silver, Kimberly A. Tamber, 
        Kelly J. Thornburg.
     Staff Attorneys: Ciera A. Burke, Lindsay Elliott-Smith, Karson J. 
        Katz, Tatiana Lipsey, Cassondra Murphy, John W. Wilcox.
     Information Systems Director.--Thomas E. Cole.
     Office Manager.--Daniela A. Navia.
     Senior Staff Assistants: Rebekah J. Musgrove, Patricia H. Olsavsky.
     Staff Assistants: Ashley Cullen, Tyler Kensey, Roi Turalde.

                      OFFICE OF SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL

       642 Hart Senate Office Building, phone 224-4435, fax 224-3391

 Senate Legal Counsel.--Patricia Mack Bryan.

[[Page 404]]

     Deputy Senate Legal Counsel.--Morgan J. Frankel.
     Assistant Senate Legal Counsel: Thomas E. Caballero, Grant R. 
        Vinik.
     Systems Administrator / Legal Assistant.--Jenny H. Smith.
     Administrative Assistant.--Kathleen M. Parker.


