

Congressional Directory for the 112th Congress (2011-2012), December 2011. - 


Congressional Directory for the 112th Congress (2011-2012), December 2011.
[Pages 455-462]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                   OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE HOUSE

                          OFFICE OF THE SPEAKER

             H-232 The Capitol, phone 225-0600, fax 225-5117

Speaker of the House of Representatives.--John A. Boehner.
    Chief of Staff.--Barry Jackson.
        Deputy Chief of Staff for Leadership Operations.--Mike Sommers.
        Deputy Chief of Staff for Communications Operations.--Dave 
            Schnittger.
    Director of Administrative Operations.--Amy Lozupone.
    Director of Scheduling and Special Events.--Kristen Chaplin.
        Deputy Scheduler / Executive Assistant.--Kristene Blake.
    Special Events Coordinator.--Kerry Stockwell.
    Director of House Operations.--Ed Cassidy.
    House Operations Assistant.--Patrick Finnegan.
    Press Secretaries: Brendan Buck, Michael Steel.
        Deputy Press Secretary.--Rebeccah Propp.
    Assistant Press Secretary.--Heather Reed.
    Director of Advance.--Betsy Andres.
    Communications Director.--Kevin Smith.
        Deputy Communications Director.--Don Seymour.
    Assistant Communications Director.--Katie Boyd.
    Advance and Digital Production.--Bryant Avondoglio.
    Director of Speechwriting.--Michael Ricci.
    Member Services: Johnny DeStefano, Trevor Kolego.
    Member Services Manager.--Grant Saunders.
    Outreach Director.--Bill Greene.
    Director, Information Technology.--Billy Benjamin.
    Systems Administrator.--Mike Sager.
    General Counsel / Chief of Legislative Operations.--Jo-Marie St. 
        Martin.
    Assistant to the General Counsel.--Kate Lukeman.
    Director of Floor Operations.--Anne Thorsen.
    Deputy Director of Floor Operations.--Jeff Strunk.
    Policy Director.--Brett Loper.
    Counsel / Policy Advisors: Will Kinzel, George Rogers.
    Policy Advisors: Mike Catanzaro, Katherine Haley, Cindy Herrle, 
        Emily Porter, David Stewart, Jen Stewart.
    Research Assistant.--Justin Lampert.
    Financial Administrator.--Karen Paulson.
    Cloakroom Manager.--Tim Harroun.
    Floor Assistants: Jared Eichhorn, Thane Hutcheson, Jay Pierson, Adam 
        Wolf.
    Staff Assistants: Tom Andrews, Alex Becker, Erin Boyle, Maura 
        Gillespie, Tim Lolli, Annie Minkler.

                      OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY LEADER

             H-329 The Capitol, phone 225-4000, fax 226-1115

Majority Leader.--Eric Cantor.
    Chief of Staff.--Steve Stombres.
    Deputy Chiefs of Staff: Neil Bradley, John Murray, Kyle Nevins.
    Senior Advisor.--Bill Dolbow.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Mike Ference, Nicole Gustafson, Cheryl 
        Jaeger, Rodger Mahan, Shimmy Stein.
    Floor Assistants: Matt Bravo, Chris Vieson.

[[Page 456]]

    Director of New Media.--Matt Lira.
    Deputy Director of New Media.--Steve Johnston.
    Communications Director.--Brad Dayspring.
    Press Secretary.--Laena Fallon.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Megan Whittemore.
    Assistant Press Secretary.--Jessica Straus.
    Speechwriter.--Sergio Rodriguera.
    Director of Member Services.--Valerie Nelson.
    Scheduler.--Amy Barrera.
    Assistant Scheduler.--Christine Schaffer.
    Special Assistant to the Majority Leader.--Matt Zackon.
    Operations Coordinator.--Austin Tuell.
    Staff Assistant.--Emily Keech.
    Strategic Communications.--Brian Patrick.

                       OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY WHIP

             H-107 The Capitol, phone 225-0197, fax 225-0781

Majority Whip.--Kevin McCarthy.
    Chief of Staff.--Tim Berry.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--James Min.
    Floor Director.--John Stipicevic.
    Coalitions Director.--Brian Worth.
    Policy Director and Counsel.--Steve Pinkos.
    Communications Director.--Sarah Pompei.
    Member Services and Coalitions Deputy Director.--Natalie Buchanan.
    Deputy Floor Director.--Kelly Dixon.
    Policy Advisors: Wes McClelland, Emily Murry.
    Floor Assistants: Freddy Barnes, Ben Howard.
    Press Secretary.--Erica Elliott.
    New Media Director.--Lauren Pratapas.
    Press Aide.--Mike Long.
    Scheduler.--Kristin Thomson.
    Senior Staff Assistant.--Ashley Mettler.
    Staff Assistants: Brittany Carey, Tim Pataki.

               OFFICE OF THE CHIEF DEPUTY REPUBLICAN WHIP

                    H-305 The Capitol, phone 225-0197

Chief of Staff to Chief Deputy Whip.--Steven Moore.
    Special Assistant to Chief Deputy Whip.--Dean Thompson.
    Chief of Staff.--Tim Berry.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--James Min.
    Policy Advisers: Wes McClellan, Emily Murry.
    Policy Director and Counsel.--Steve Pinkos.
    Press Secretary.--Erica Elliott.
    Press Aide.--Mike Long.
    Director of New Media.--Lauren Pratapas.
    Director of Strategic Communications.--Kris Anderson.
    Communications Director.--Sarah Pompei.
    Deputy Director of Floor Operations.--Kelly Dixon.
    Director of Floor Operations.--John Stipicevic.
    Floor Assistants: Freddy Barnes, Ben Howard.
    Scheduler.--Kristin Thomson.
    Director of Coalitions.--Brian Worth.
    Deputy Director of Member Services and Coalitions.--Natalie 
        Buchanan.
    Senior Staff Assistant.--Ashley Mettler.
    Staff Assistants: Brittany Carey, Tim Pataki.


[[Page 457]]



                     OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER

             H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100, fax 225-4188

                        www.democraticleader.gov

Office of the Democratic Leader.--Hon. Nancy Pelosi.
    Chief of Staff.--John Lawrence, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Assistant to the Chief of Staff.--Declan Cashman, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Chief of Staff (CA08 Office).--Catlin W. O'Neill, 235 CHOB, 225-
        4965.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--George Kundanis, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    Senior Advisors: Diane Dewhirst, Jonathan Stivers, H-204, The 
        Capitol, 225-0100.
    Counsel to the Democratic Leader.--Bernie Raimo, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Special Assistants to the Democratic Leader: Kate Knudson, Bina 
        Surgeon, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Staff Assistant.--Lydia Wileden, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Co-Directors of Correspondence: Robyn Lea, David Silverman, 421 
        Cannon, 225-0100.
    Director of Scheduling.--Melinda Medlin, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    Deputy Director of Scheduling.--Tim Merritt, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Policy Director.--Dick Meltzer, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Policy Advisor.--Stacey Rolland, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Kenneth DeGraff, Wyndee Parker, Wendell 
        Primus, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Senior Advance Policy and Communications: Margaret Capron, Kit 
        Judge, H-204, The Capitol.
    Counsel.--Michael Tecklenburg, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy Policy Director.--Michael Bloom, H-204, The Capitol, 225-
        0100.
    Senior Advance and Director of Member Service.--Jaime Lizarraga, H-
        204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy Director of Member Services.--Michael Long, H-204, The 
        Capitol.
    Director of Protocol and Special Events.--Bridget Fallon Charville, 
        H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Speechwriting.--Alexandra Veitch, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Deputy Speechwriter.--Jonathan Powell, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    IT Director.--Wil Haynes, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy IT Director.--Kamilah Keita, HB-13, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Director of Advance.--Kelly Berens, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Deputy Director of Advance.--Mary-Kate Barry, H-204, The Capitol, 
        225-0100.
    Advisor to the Leader.--Reva Price, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.
    Outreach Assistant.--Stephanie Ueng, H-204, The Capitol, 225-0100.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S PRESS OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Communications Director and Senior Advisor.--Nadeam Elshami.
    Press Secretary and Deputy Communications Director.--Drew Hammill.
    Press Advisors: Stephanie Cherry, Evangeline George.
    Deputy Press Secretary and Advisor to the Leader.--Carlos Sanchez.
    Researcher Director.--April Greener.
    Director of New Media.--Karina Newton.

                    DEMOCRATIC LEADER'S FLOOR OFFICE

                    H-204 The Capitol, phone 225-0100

Director of Floor Operations.--Jerry Hartz.
    Deputy Director of Floor Operations.--Lori Pepper.

                      OFFICE OF THE DEMOCRATIC WHIP

             H-148 The Capitol, phone 225-3130, fax 226-0663

Democratic Whip.--Steny H. Hoyer.
    Chief of Staff.--Terry Lierman.

[[Page 458]]

    Deputy Chief of Staff.--Stacey Bernards.
    Office Manager / Executive Assistant.--Daniel Shott.
    Floor Director.--Alexis Covey-Brandt.
    Deputy Floor Director.--Austin Burnes.
    Floor Assistant.--Shuwanza Goff.
    Whip Coordinator.--Michael Eisenberg.
    Director of Member Services.--Chris DeBosier.
    Member Services and Outreach Coordinators: Courtney Fry, Lizet 
        Ocampo.
    Communications Director.--Katie Grant.
    Press Secretary.--Dan Reilly.
    Deputy Press Secretary.--Maureen Beach.
    Press and Research Assistant.--Mariel Saez.
    Speechwriter.--Rob Goodman.
    Senior Policy Advisors: Keith Abouchar, John Hughes, James Leuschen, 
        Elizabeth Murray, Mary Frances Repko, Mariah Sixkiller.
    Director of Scheduling.--Simone LiTrenta.
    Special Assistant.--Apratim Ghosh.
    Director of Technology.--Steve Dwyer.
    Whip Director and Senior Advisor.--Brian Romick.
    Staff Assistants: Danielle Aviles, Elliot Gensemer.

                OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT DEMOCRATIC LEADER

                     132 The Capitol, phone 226-3210

               http://assistantdemocraticleader.house.gov

Assistant Democratic Leader.--James E. Clyburn.
    Chief of Staff.--Yelberton R. Watkins.
    Director of Policy.--Barvetta Singletary.
    Communications Director.--Patrick Devlin.
    Legislative Assistant.--Matthew Ellison.
    Special Assistant to the Assistant Democratic Leader.--Tamika Day.

                           OFFICE OF THE CLERK

                    H-154 The Capitol, phone 225-7000

    KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk of the House of Representatives; Karen Lehman 
Haas, a native of Catonsville, MD, was sworn in as Clerk of the House of 
Representatives on January 5, 2011. She is the 34th individual to serve 
as Clerk. This is Ms. Haas' second occupancy of this position--in 2005, 
Speaker J. Dennis Hastert appointed Ms. Haas as Clerk of the U.S. House 
of Representatives. As Clerk, Ms. Haas plays a central role in the daily 
operations and legislative activities of the House. Ms. Haas began her 
service on Capitol Hill in 1984, when she worked for then-Minority 
Leader Robert H. Michel. For nearly 11 years, she served as his 
Executive Legislative Assistant. Following a brief leave to work in the 
private sector, Ms. Haas returned to Capitol Hill in June 1999 to serve 
as Floor Assistant to Speaker Hastert. Following her first term as 
Clerk, she served as Staff Director of the House Republican Conference 
and Minority Staff Director for the House Small Business Committee. Ms. 
Haas attended public schools in Maryland and received a bachelor's 
degree from the University of Maryland, College Park, with a major in 
political science and a minor in economics.

Clerk.--Karen L. Haas.
    Deputy Clerk.--Robert F. Reeves.
    Senior Advisor.--Marjorie ``Gigi'' Kelaher.
        Chief of--
            Legislative Computer Systems.--Goldey Vansant, 2401 RHOB, 
                225-1182.
            Legislative Operations.--Frances Chiappardi, HT-13, 225-
                7925.
            Legislative Resource Center.--Ronald Dale Thomas, B-106 
                CHOB, 226-5200.
        Office of:
            Art and Archives.--Farar Elliott, B-53 CHOB, 226-1300.
            Communications.--Phillip McGowan, B-28 CHOB, 225-1908.
            House Employment Counsel.--Gloria Lett, 1036 LHOB, 225-7075.
    Official Reporter.--Joe Strickland, 1718 LHOB, 225-2627.
        Service Groups--

[[Page 459]]

            Congresswomen's Suite.--225-4196.
            Members and Family Committee.--225-0622.
            Prayer Room.--225-8070.

                      CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

                    HB-28 The Capitol, phone 225-5555

    DANIEL J. STRODEL, Chief Administrative Officer of the House of 
Representatives; native of Syracuse, NY; B.A., (1984) Hobart College; 
J.D., (1994), Catholic University of America.

Chief Administrative Officer.--Daniel J. Strodel.
    Deputy Chief Administrative Officer.--Stacy Carlson, HB-28 The 
        Capitol.
    Administrative Counsel.--Carol Black, H2-217, FHOB.
    Chief Financial Officer.--Traci Beaubian, H2-330, FHOB.
    Human Resources Director.--Jason Hite, H2-105B, FHOB.
    Chief Information Officer.--Louis Magnotti, H2-631, FHOB.
    Director of Communications.--Dan Weiser, H2-217, FHOB.
    Executive Assistant.--Meagan Pa, HB-28, The Capitol.

                                CHAPLAIN

             HB-25 The Capitol, phone 225-2509, fax 226-4928

    PATRICK J. CONROY, S.J., Chaplain, House of Representatives, 
residence, Portland, OR; a Jesuit of the Oregon Province of the Society 
of Jesus, graduated from Claremont McKenna College in CA in 1972, 
attended Gonzaga University Law School for one year before entering the 
Jesuit Order in 1973. Earned an M.A. in philosophy from Gonzaga 
University, a J.D. from St. Louis University, an M.Div. from the Jesuit 
School of Theology at Berkeley (CA), and an STM from Regis College of 
the University of Toronto in missiology. Practiced law for the Colville 
Confederated Tribes in Omak, WA and the U.S. Conference of Catholic 
Bishops representing Salvadoran refugees in San Francisco. Ordained a 
priest in 1983. From 1984 to 1989, pastored four villages on the 
Colville and Spokane Indian Reservations. Worked for the national Jesuit 
Office of Social Ministries in Washington, D.C., then began a career of 
university chaplaincy at Georgetown University and Seattle University. 
In 2003 transferred to Jesuit High School in Portland, OR, to teach 
freshman theology and coach the mighty JV II girls; softball team. Also 
served as the Oregon Province's Provincial Assistant for Formation and 
as superior of the Jesuit community at Jesuit High School in Portland. 
Sworn in as 60th House Chaplain on May 25, 2001.

Chaplain of the House.--Patrick J. Conroy.
    Assistant to the Chaplain.--Elisa Aglieco.
    Liaison to Staff.--Karen Bronson.

                      OFFICE OF THE HOUSE HISTORIAN

            B-56 Cannon House Office Building, phone 226-5525

           http://historian.house.gov; history@mail.house.gov

House Historian.--Mathew Wasniewski.
    Associate Historian.--Ken Kato.
    Manager of Historical Services.--Erin M. Hromada.
    Oral Historian.--Kathleen Johnson.

                  OFFICE OF INTERPARLIAMENTARY AFFAIRS

                      HC-4 Capitol, phone 226-1766

Director.--Vacant.

[[Page 460]]

    Assistant Director.--Janice Robinson.

                       HOUSE INFORMATION RESOURCES

              H2-631C, phone: 226-9823, facsimile: 226-2433

Assistant CAO / HIR and CIO (Chief Information Officer) and CISO (Chief 
    Information Security Officer) for the House of Representatives.--
    Brent Conran.
    Assistant CAO for Technical Support.--Tina Hanonu.

                    OFFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN

                    H-166 The Capitol, phone 225-5421

          (After office hours, call Capitol Operator 224-2145)

Attending Physician.--Dr. Brian P. Monahan.
    Chief of Staff.--Christopher R. Picaut.
    Deputy Chief of Staff.--Keith Pray.

                       OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL

            H2-386 Ford House Office Building, phone 226-1250

Inspector General.--Theresa M. Grafestine.
    Deputy Inspector Generals: Debbie B. Hunter, Michael T. Ptasienski.
    Director of Support Services.--Terry Upshur.
    Assistant Director of:
        Finance and Administration.--Susan Kozubski.
        Quality Assurance and Contract Service.--Steven Johnson.
    Administrative Assistant.--Deborah E. Jones.
    Director, Performance and Financial Audits and Investigations.--
        Jeffrey Hannahs.
    Assistant Director of:
        Financial Audits.--Susan Simpson.
        Investigations.--Julie Poole.
    Auditors: Ronnette Bailey, Joshua Zader.
    Director, Information Systems Audit.--Kimberly Figel.
    Assistant Director, Information Systems Audits.--Michael Howard.
        Auditors: Douglas Carney, Stephen Lockhart, Saad M. Patel.
    Director, Management and Advisory Services.--Joseph C. Picolla.
    Assistant Directors: Gregory Roberts, Donna Wolfgang.
    Management Analysts: Leslie Chaney, Kevin Cornell, Annika Moje.

                   OFFICE OF THE LAW REVISION COUNSEL

 H2-308 Ford House Office Building, 20515-6711, phone 226-2411, fax 225-
                                  0010

Law Revision Counsel.--Ralph V. Seep.
    Deputy Counsel.--Robert M. Sukol.
    Senior Counsels: Kenneth I. Paretzky, Timothy D. Trushel.
    Assistant Counsels: Sally-Anne Cleveland, Michelle Evans, Katrina M. 
        Hall, Raymond Kaselonis, Katherine L. Lane, Brian Lindsey, 
        Edward T. Mulligan, Michele K. Skarvelis, John F. Wagner, Jr., 
        Nicholas Weil.
    Staff Assistants: Sylvia Tahirkheli, Monica Thompson.
    Printing Editors: Robert E. Belcher, James Cahill.
    Senior Systems Engineer.--Eric Loach.

                    OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL

            136 Cannon House Office Building, phone 225-6060

Legislative Counsel.--Sandra L. Strokoff.
    Deputy Legislative Counsel.--Edward G. Grossman.

[[Page 461]]

    Senior Counsels: Wade Ballou, Douglass Bellis, Timothy Brown, Paul 
        Callen, Sherry Chriss, Ira Forstater, Rosemary Gallagher, James 
        Grossman, Curt Haensel, Jean Harmann, Gregory M. Kostka, 
        Lawrence Johnston, Edward Leong, Hank Savage, Robert Weinhagen, 
        Noah Wofsy.
    Assistant Counsels: Marshall Barksdale, Philip Bayer, Alison Bell, 
        Hallet Brazelton, Warren Burke, Thomas Cassidy, Henry Christrup, 
        Shawn Conley, Lisa Daly, Thomas Dillon, Mathew Eckstein, Hershel 
        Eisenberger, Susan Fleishman, Ryan Greenlaw, Justin Gross, 
        Kakuti Lin, Molly Lothamer, Christopher Osborne, Scott Probst, 
        Megan Renfrew, Hadley Ross, Anthony Sciascia, Jessica Shapiro, 
        Anna Shpak, Ellen J. Sutherland, Mark Synnes, Michelle Vanek, 
        Sally Walker, Brady Young.
    Office Administrator.--Nancy McNeillie.
    Assistant Office Administrator.--Debra Birch.
    Systems Administrator.--David Topper.
    Senior Systems Analyst.--Peter Szwec.
    Director, Information Systems.--Willie Blount.
    Publications Coordinator.--Craig Sterkx.
    Paralegal.--Kristen Amarosa.
    Staff Assistants: Ashley Anderson, Elonda Blount, Tomas Contreras, 
        Pamela Griffiths, Miekl Joyner, Kelly Meryweather, Tom 
        Meryweather, Angelina Patton, Perry Rosen, Emily Volberding.

                      OFFICE OF THE PARLIAMENTARIAN

                    H-209 The Capitol, phone 225-7373

Parliamentarian.--John V. Sullivan.
    Deputy Parliamentarian.--Thomas J. Wickham.
        Assistant Parliamentarians: Anne Gooch, Ethan B. Lauer, Jason A. 
            Smith, Carrie E. Wolf.
        Clerk to the Parliamentarian.--Brian C. Cooper.
            Assistant Clerks to the Parliamentarian: Lloyd A. Jenkins, 
                Monica Rodriguez.
    Precedent Consultant.--Charles W. Johnson III.
    Precedent Editors: Deborah W. Khalili, Andrew S. Neal, Max A. 
        Spitzer.
    Information Technology Manager.--Bryan J. Feldblum.

                     OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS

                    H-124 The Capitol, phone 225-2456

    WILSON ``BILL'' LIVINGOOD, Sergeant at Arms of the U.S. House of 
Representatives; born on October 1, 1936 in Philadelphia, PA; B.S., 
Police Administration, Michigan State University; career record: special 
agent, U.S. Secret Service's Dallas Field Office, 1961-69; assistant to 
the special agent in charge of the Presidential Protective Division, 
1969; special agent in charge of the Office of Protective Forces, 1970; 
inspector, Office of Inspection, 1978-82; special agent in charge, 
Houston Field Office, 1982-86; deputy assistant director, Office of 
Training, 1986-89; executive assistant to the Director of Secret 
Service, 1989-95; elected 36th Sergeant at Arms of the U.S. House of 
Representatives on January 4, 1995, for the 104th Congress; reelected 
for each succeeding Congress.

Sergeant at Arms.--Wilson ``Bill'' Livingood.
    Deputy Sergeant at Arms.--Keni L. Hanley.
    Deputy Sergeant at Arms for Police Services and Congressional 
        Relations.--
        Donald T. Kellaher.
    Director, Special Events / Protocol.--Ted Daniel.
        Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms, Special Events / Protocol.--
            Vacant.
        Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Special Events: Robert 
            Fitzpatrick, Jack Looney.
        Assistant Sergeant at Arms for Administration.--Kathleen Joyce.
        Assistant to the Sergeant at Arms, Operations.--Stefan J. 
            Bieret.
        Assistants to the Sergeant at Arms, Floor Security: Joyce 
            Hamlett, Rick Villa.
    Senior Assistant Sergeant at Arms for Emergency Management.--Curt 
        Coughin.
    Assistant Sergeant at Arms for Emergency Management.--John E. 
        Veatch.
    Systems Administrators: David Cohen, Bernard Hill.
    Staff Assistant.--KaSandra Greenhow.
    Counsel to the Sergeant at Arms.--Timothy Blodgett.
    Chief Information Officer.--Jim Kaelin.
    Director, Office of House Security.--William McFarland.

[[Page 462]]

        Manager, Appointments Desk.--Teresa Johnson.
    Director, Chamber Security.--Bill Sims.
        Assistant Director, Chamber Security.--Richard Wilson.
        Manager, Chamber Support Services.--Andrew Bums.
    Director, Identification Services.--Melissa K. Franger.
    Director, Garage and Parking Security.--Rod Myers.
    Assistant Director, Garage and Parking Secuirty.--Dorian Coward.
    Directors:
        Continuity Planning.--W. Lee Trolan.
        Operations.--Michael P. Susalla.
        Preparedness.--Traci L. Brasher.
        SAA Internal Preparedness.--Kevin Brennan.


