

Congressional Directory for the 112th Congress (2011-2012), December 2011. - 


Congressional Directory for the 112th Congress (2011-2012), December 2011.
[Pages 969-1077]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov]


                            PRESS GALLERIES *

                          SENATE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room S-316, phone 224-0241

Director.--S. Joseph Keenan
    Deputy Director.--Joan McKinney

        Senior Media Coordinators:
  Amy H. Gross
  Kristyn K. Socknat
        Media Coordinators:
  James D. Saris
  Elizabeth B. Crowley
  Wendy A. Oscarson-Kirchner

                           HOUSE PRESS GALLERY

                 The Capitol, Room H-315, phone 225-3945

Superintendent.--Jerry L. Gallegos
    Deputy Superintendent.--Justin J. Supon
        Assistant Superintendents:
Ric Anderson
Drew Cannon
Laura Reed
Molly Cain

                  STANDING COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Thomas Burr, The Salt Lake 
                                                Tribune, Chair
                                            Joseph Morton, Omaha World-
                                                Herald, Secretary
                                            Jim Rowley, Bloomberg News
                                            Laurie Kellman, Associated 
                                                Press
                                            Brian Friel, Bloomberg News
                                 ________

                     RULES GOVERNING PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Administration of the press galleries shall be vested in a 
Standing Committee of Correspondents elected by accredited members of 
the galleries. The Committee shall consist of five persons elected to 
serve for terms of two years. Provided, however, that at the election in 
January 1951, the three candidates receiving the highest number of votes 
shall serve for two years and the remaining two for one year. 
Thereafter, three members shall be elected in odd-numbered years and two 
in even-numbered years. Elections shall be held in January. The 
Committee shall elect its own chairman and secretary. Vacancies on the 
Committee shall be filled by special election to be called by the 
Standing Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Persons desiring admission to the press galleries of Congress 
shall make application in accordance with Rule VI of the House of 
Representatives, subject to the direction and control of the Speaker and 
Rule 33 of the Senate, which rules shall be interpreted and administered 
by the Standing Committee of Correspondents, subject to the review and 
an approval by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 970]]

    3. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall limit membership 
in the press galleries to bone fide correspondents of repute in their 
profession, under such rules as the Standing Committee of Correspondents 
shall prescribe.
    4. An applicant for press credentials through the Daily Press 
Galleries must establish to the satisfaction of the Standing Committee 
of Correspondents that he or she is a full-time, paid correspondent who 
requires on-site access to congressional members and staff. 
Correspondents must be employed by a news organization:
    (a) with General Publication periodicals mailing privileges under 
U.S. Postal Service rules, and which publishes daily; or
    (b) whose principal business is the daily dissemination of original 
news and opinion of interest to a broad segment of the public, and which 
has published continuously for 18 months.
    The applicant must reside in the Washington, D.C. area, and must not 
be engaged in any lobbying or paid advocacy, advertising, publicity or 
promotion work for any individual, political party, corporation, 
organization, or agency of the U.S. government, or in prosecuting any 
claim before Congress or any federal government department, and will not 
do so while a member of the Daily Press Galleries.
    Applicants' publications must be editorially independent of any 
institution, foundation or interest group that lobbies the federal 
government, or that is not principally a general news organization.
    Failure to provide information to the Standing Committee for this 
determination, or misrepresenting information, can result in the denial 
or revocation of credentials.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Standing Committee of Correspondents shall propose no changes 
in these rules except upon petition in writing signed by not less than 
100 accredited members of the galleries. The above rules have been 
approved by the Committee on Rules and Administration.

                                            John A. Boehner,
                            Speaker of the House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 971]]


[[Page 972]]


[[Page 973]]


[[Page 974]]


[[Page 975]]


[[Page 976]]


[[Page 977]]


[[Page 978]]


[[Page 979]]


[[Page 980]]


[[Page 981]]


[[Page 982]]


[[Page 983]]


[[Page 984]]


[[Page 985]]


[[Page 986]]


[[Page 987]]



       House Gallery 225-3945, 225-6722    Senate Gallery 224-0241

[[Page 988]]



[[Page 989]]



[[Page 990]]



[[Page 991]]



[[Page 992]]



[[Page 993]]



[[Page 994]]



[[Page 995]]



[[Page 996]]



[[Page 997]]



[[Page 999]]

                      PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY*

                    The Capitol, Room S-317, 224-6548

                     www.senate.gov/galleries/photo

Director.--Jeffrey S. Kent.
    Deputy Director.--Mark A. Abraham.
    Assistant Director.--Tricia Munro.

                STANDING COMMITTEE OF PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS

                                            Scott Applewhite, Associated 
                                                Press, Chair
                                            Win McNamee, Getty Images, 
                                                Secretary-Treasurer
                                            Jim Bourg, Reuters
                                            Khue Bui, Newsweek
                                            Stephen Crowley, New York 
                                                Times
                                            Ronald Sachs, Consolidated 
                                                News Pictures
                                 ________

              RULES GOVERNING PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS' GALLERY

    1. (a) Administration of the Press Photographers' Gallery is vested 
in a Standing Committee of Press Photographers consisting of six persons 
elected by accredited members of the Gallery. The Committee shall be 
composed of one member each from Associated Press Photos; Reuters News 
Pictures or AFP Photos; magazine media; local newspapers; agency or 
freelance member; and one at-large member. The at-large member may be, 
but need not be, selected from media otherwise represented on the 
Committee; however no organization may have more than one representative 
on the Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (b) Elections shall be held as early as practicable in each year, 
and in no case later than March 31. A vacancy in the membership of the 
Committee occurring prior to the expiration of a term shall be filled by 
a special election called for that purpose by the Committee.
    (c) The Standing Committee of the Press Photographers' Gallery shall 
propose no change or changes in these rules except upon petition in 
writing signed by not less than 25 accredited members of the gallery.
    2. Persons desiring admission to the Press Photographers' Gallery of 
the Senate shall make application in accordance with Rule 33 of the 
Senate, which rule shall be interpreted and administered by the Standing 
Committee of Press Photographers subject to the review and approval of 
the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
    3. The Standing Committee of Press photographers shall limit 
membership in the photographers' gallery to bona fide news photographers 
of repute in their profession and Heads of Photographic Bureaus under 
such rules as the Standing Committee of Press Photographers shall 
prescribe.
    4. Provided, however, that the Standing Committee of Press 
Photographers shall admit to the gallery no person who does not 
establish to the satisfaction of the Committee all of the following:
    (a) That any member is not engaged in paid publicity or promotion 
work or in prosecuting any claim before Congress or before any 
department of the Government, and will not become so engaged while a 
member of the gallery.

[[Page 1000]]

    (b) That he or she is not engaged in any lobbying activity and will 
not become so engaged while a member of the gallery.
    The above rules have been approved by the Committee on Rules and 
Administration.

                                            John A. Boehner,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1001]]





[[Page 1002]]


[[Page 1003]]


[[Page 1004]]




[[Page 1005]]


[[Page 1006]]




[[Page 1007]]

                                     

      P.O. Box 7119 Ben Franklin Station, Washington, DC 20044-7119

                              www.whnpa.org

                                OFFICERS

               Ronald Sachs, Consolidated News, President

                 Douglas Wilkes, WTTG-TV, Vice President

                   Elisa Miller, Freelance, Secretary

              Jonathan Elswick, Associated Press, Treasurer

                                     

                             EXECUTIVE BOARD

                      Toni Sandys (Washington Post)
                        Alex Wong (Getty Images)
                   Charles Dharapak (Associated Press)
                           Ed Eaves (NBC News)
             Charles MacDonald (National Geographic Channel)
             Chip Somodevilla, Contest Chair (Getty Images)
           Pege Gilgannon, Contest Chair, Television (WJLA-TV)
                 Pierre Kattar, Contest Chair, New Media
             Jamie Rose, Contest Chair, Student (Freelance)
           Pablo Monsivais, Education Chair (Associated Press)
                                     
                                     


[[Page 1008]]


[[Page 1009]]


[[Page 1010]]


[[Page 1011]]


[[Page 1013]]

                          RADIO AND TELEVISION
                        CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES*

                   SENATE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room S-325, 224-6421

                                            Director.--Michael J. 
                                                Mastrian
                                            Deputy Director.--Ellen 
                                                Eckert
                                            Senior Media Relations 
                                                Coordinators: Michael 
                                                Lawrence, Erin Yeatman
                                            Media Coordinator.--Chris 
                                                Bois

                   HOUSE RADIO AND TELEVISION GALLERY

                    The Capitol, Room H-320, 225-5214

                                            Director.--Olga Ramirez 
                                                Kornacki
                                            Deputy Director.--Andy Elias
                                            Administrative Operations 
                                                Manager.--Gail Davis
                                            Media Logistics 
                                                Coordinators: Kinsey 
                                                Harvey, Anthony 
                                                Kellaher, Kim Oates

    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' 
                                GALLERIES

                                            Jay McMichael, CNN, Chair
                                            John Wallace, Fox News, Vice 
                                                Chair
                                            Leigh Ann Caldwell, C-SPAN, 
                                                Treasurer
                                            Jeffrey Ballou, Aljazeera
                                            Libby Casey, Alaska Public 
                                                Radio
                                            Jill Jackson, CBS News
                                            Andrea Seabrook, NPR
                                 ________

     RULES GOVERNING RADIO AND TELEVISION CORRESPONDENTS' GALLERIES

    1. Persons desiring admission to the Radio and Television Galleries 
of Congress shall make application to the Speaker, as required by Rule 
34 of the House of Representatives, as amended, and to the Committee on 
Rules and Administration of the Senate, as required by Rule 33, as 
amended, for the regulation of the Senate wing of the Capitol. 
Applicants shall state in writing the names of all radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering organizations by which 
they are employed and what other occupation or employment they may have, 
if any. Applicants shall further declare that they are not engaged in 
the prosecution of claims or the promotion of legislation pending before 
Congress, the Departments, or the independent agencies, and that they 
will not become so employed without resigning from the galleries. They 
shall further declare that they are not employed in any legislative or 
executive department or independent agency of the Government, or by any 
foreign govern

[[Page 1014]]

ment or representative thereof; that they are not engaged in any 
lobbying activities; that they do not and will not, directly or 
indirectly, furnish special information to any organization, individual, 
or group of individuals for the influencing of prices on any commodity 
or stock exchange; that they will not do so during the time they retain 
membership in the galleries. Holders of visitors' cards who may be 
allowed temporary admission to the galleries must conform to all the 
restrictions of this paragraph.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. It shall be a prerequisite to membership that the radio station, 
television station, system, or news-gathering agency which the applicant 
represents shall certify in writing to the 
Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries that the applicant 
conforms to the foregoing regulations.
    3. The applications required by the above rule shall be 
authenticated in a manner that shall be satisfactory to the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries who 
shall see that the occupation of the galleries is confined to bona fide 
news gatherers and/or reporters of reputable standing in their business 
who represent radio stations, television stations, systems, or news-
gathering agencies engaged primarily in serving radio stations, 
television stations, or systems. It shall be the duty of the Executive 
Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' Galleries to 
report, at its discretion, violation of the privileges of the galleries 
to the Speaker or to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, 
and pending action thereon, the offending individual may be suspended.
    4. Persons engaged in other occupations, whose chief attention is 
not given to--or more than one-half of their earned income is not 
derived from--the gathering or reporting of news for radio stations, 
television stations, systems, or news-gathering agencies primarily 
serving radio stations or systems, shall not be entitled to admission to 
the Radio and Television Galleries. The Radio and Television 
Correspondents' List in the Congressional Directory shall be a list only 
of persons whose chief attention is given to or more than one-half of 
their earned income is derived from the gathering and reporting of news 
for radio stations, television stations, and systems engaged in the 
daily dissemination of news, and of representatives of news-gathering 
agencies engaged in the daily service of news to such radio stations, 
television stations, or systems.
    5. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    6. The Radio and Television Galleries shall be under the control of 
the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents' 
Galleries, subject to the approval and supervision of the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Rules and 
Administration.
    Approved.
                                            John A. Boehner,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1015]]



[[Page 1016]]


[[Page 1017]]


[[Page 1018]]


[[Page 1019]]


[[Page 1020]]


[[Page 1021]]


[[Page 1022]]


[[Page 1023]]


[[Page 1024]]


[[Page 1025]]


[[Page 1026]]


[[Page 1027]]


[[Page 1028]]


[[Page 1029]]


[[Page 1030]]


[[Page 1031]]


[[Page 1032]]


[[Page 1033]]


[[Page 1034]]


[[Page 1035]]


[[Page 1036]]


[[Page 1037]]


[[Page 1038]]


[[Page 1039]]


[[Page 1040]]


[[Page 1041]]


[[Page 1042]]

                                     

            Senate Gallery 224-6421    House Gallery 225-5214

[[Page 1043]]



[[Page 1044]]



[[Page 1045]]



[[Page 1046]]



[[Page 1047]]



[[Page 1048]]



[[Page 1049]]



[[Page 1050]]



[[Page 1051]]



[[Page 1052]]



[[Page 1053]]



[[Page 1054]]





[[Page 1055]]


[[Page 1057]]

                       PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES*

                     HOUSE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, H-304, 225-2941

Director.--Robert M. Zatkowski
Deputy Director.--Gerald Rupert
Assistant Directors: Laura Eckart, Jenn Walters

                     SENATE PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERY

                      The Capitol, S-320, 224-0265

Director.--Edward V. Pesce
Deputy Director.--Justin Wilson
Assistant Director.--Shawna Blair

                  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF CORRESPONDENTS

                                            Heather Rothman, BNA News, 
                                                Chairman
                                            Jay Newton-Small, Time 
                                                Magazine, Secretary
                                            Meg Shreve, Tax Notes, 
                                                Treasurer
                                            Lauren Whittington, Roll 
                                                Call
                                            Paul Bedard, U.S. News & 
                                                World Report
                                            Stephen K. Cooper, CCH, Inc.
                                            Manu Raju, Politico

               RULES GOVERNING PERIODICAL PRESS GALLERIES

    1. Persons eligible for admission to the Periodical Press Galleries 
must be bona fide resident correspondents of reputable standing, giving 
their chief attention to the gathering and reporting of news. They shall 
state in writing the names of their employers and their additional 
sources of earned income; and they shall declare that, while a member of 
the Galleries, they will not act as an agent in the prosecution of 
claims, and will not become engaged or assist, directly or indirectly, 
in any lobbying, promotion, advertising, or publicity activity intended 
to influence legislation or any other action of the Congress, nor any 
matter before any independent agency, or any department or other 
instrumentality of the Executive Branch; and that they will not act as 
an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or 
foreign government or representatives thereof; and that they will not, 
directly or indirectly, furnish special or ``insider'' information 
intended to influence prices or for the purpose of trading on any 
commodity or stock exchange; and that they will not become employed, 
directly or indirectly, by any stock exchange, board of trade or other 
organization or member thereof, or brokerage house or broker engaged in 
the buying and selling of any security or commodity. Applications shall 
be submitted to the Executive Committee of the Periodical 
Correspondents' Association and shall be authenticated in a manner 
satisfactory to the Executive Committee.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    *Information is based on data furnished and edited by each 
respective gallery.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    2. Applicants must be employed by periodicals that regularly publish 
a substantial volume of news material of either general, economic, 
industrial, technical, cultural, or trade character. The periodical must 
require such Washington coverage on a continuing basis and must be owned 
and operated independently of any government, industry, institution, 
association, or lobbying organization. Applicants must also be employed 
by a periodical that is published for profit and is supported chiefly by 
advertising or by subscription, or by a periodical meeting the 
conditions in this paragraph but published by a nonprofit organization 
that, first, operates independently of any government, industry, or 
institution and, second, does

[[Page 1058]]

not engage, directly or indirectly, in any lobbying or other activity 
intended to influence any matter before Congress or before any 
independent agency or any department or other instrumentality of the 
Executive Branch. House organs are not eligible.
    3. Members of the families of correspondents are not entitled to the 
privileges of the galleries.
    4. The Executive Committee may issue temporary credentials 
permitting the privileges of the galleries to individuals who meet the 
rules of eligibility but who may be on short-term assignment or 
temporarily residing in Washington.
    5. Under the authority of Rule 6 of the House of Representatives and 
of Rule 33 of the Senate, the Periodical Galleries shall be under the 
control of the Executive Committee, subject to the approval and 
supervision of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the 
Senate Committee on Rules and Administration. It shall be the duty of 
the Executive Committee, at its discretion, to report violations of the 
privileges of the galleries to the Speaker or the Senate Committee on 
Rules and Administration, and pending action thereon, the offending 
correspondent may be suspended. The committee shall be elected at the 
start of each Congress by members of the Periodical Correspondents' 
Association and shall consist of seven members with no more than one 
member from any one publishing organization. The committee shall elect 
its own officers and a majority of the committee may fill vacancies on 
the committee. The list in the Congressional Directory shall be a list 
only of members of the Periodical Correspondents' Association.

                                            John A. Boehner,
                                  Speaker, House of Representatives.

                                         Charles E. Schumer,
                Chair, Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.

[[Page 1059]]


[[Page 1060]]


[[Page 1061]]


[[Page 1062]]


[[Page 1063]]


[[Page 1064]]


[[Page 1065]]


[[Page 1066]]


[[Page 1067]]


[[Page 1068]]


[[Page 1069]]


[[Page 1070]]


[[Page 1071]]

                                     

             House Gallery 225-2941, Senate Gallery 224-0265

[[Page 1072]]



[[Page 1073]]



[[Page 1074]]



[[Page 1075]]



[[Page 1076]]



[[Page 1077]]



[[Page 1078]]



